 Rape tutorial  Original author: GirlLover8888  This possibly isn't the best tutorial, and I am coming up with this off the top of my head. If you see any issues in this please let me know. First and foremost, if you've already committed a crime or have anything on you that the police can question you on, then it is best to abandon the idea all together right away. However, if you have a clean record that would give the cops no reason to believe you are the culprit than continue to read.   BASIC:   DNA evidence DNA is one of the most crucial tools in the police toolbox. Each of us have a unique set of DNA that pertains only to you. So being sure to leave no DNA evidence behind is vital to your chances of getting away. Hair is a very common way to get a persons DNA. Even if you haven't been tagged in the DNA database, as soon as they find your DNA on the crime scene, they will be able to find matches later on should you rape another girl. SIDE NOTE: If you are in the US and they have no reason to believe you are the culprit, they cannot legally keep your DNA in storage for later use. If you have any loose hair, it is best to tie it back. Keep your hair in a hat, just so there is no loose hair that has the possibility of falling out. ALWAYS WEAR GLOVES AND A MASK. Not only does the mask serve as a way to hide your identity, it also keeps your bodily fluids, well, in your body. Sneezing, or coughing will end up in your mask and not in the area you have committed the crime. ALWAYS wash your hands and shower vigorously before you commit any crime. This reduces the chance of any loose hair or loose skin cells that could potentially give you away from falling in places you don't want them being in. If you want to bring any sex toys with you, then you should treat them to an isopropyl alcohol bath. To make sure all is gone I'd even treat them to a boiling water bath as well, times vary for how long you should keep them in these baths. I suggest overnight, as it is best to overkill something than to be caught for rape. The clothing should be cleaned with hot water and should have no hairs on it to reduce the chances of you being caught. These clothes MUST be long sleeved and pants. A turtleneck would be even better. They cannot expose any skin, as this can lead to better identifying you, or what is more concerning, loose skin cells falling behind. As sad as this sounds a condom is a must. They can run DNA testing on semen even after it has died off. The DNA still lingers inside of the semen, so a condom is needed to keep the bodily fluids to yourself. Please note that if you have a direct family member (be it a father or mother) then DNA will be able to show that relation with relative certainty. Once you are done, bleach everything.   Possibility of evidence being left behind Even with all these precautions, there will always be a chance of leaving incriminating evidence behind. Should this become the case make sure you have a solid alibi to run with and always be ready to deny, deny, deny. If you find you have left some evidence behind (maybe a sex toy was left behind), never return to the crime scene. If you have treated all the materials you want to bring with the provided instructions above, then the only DNA that should be found on it will be the girl's.  Safe and unsafe areas to rape her Never rape the girl in a crowded area. That is the most obvious advice I could possibly give and yet some dumbass would still try it if I didn't mention it. The area should be out of view and out of earshot. Her screams shouldn't be heard from anywhere. That is if you want her conscious while you rape her. I personally would choose a field several hours away from where I live to keep the initial police suspect sweep away from me. Many rapists operate near their homes. This isn't a safe idea. If you plan on raping multiple girls on separate occasions then you should always choose different areas to rape her. Never go to the same spot as that draws suspicion in the police investigation. This would lead them to believe it is the same person and you do not want them thinking that one person is you. If you insist on bringing the girl back to your home there are a few things to keep in mind (although it will be covered more in depth later on), make sure she is unconscious during movement and dump the girl when you are done in a DIFFERENT AREA than where you picked her up. Leave her blindfolded, gagged, and tied up so she is disoriented when she wakes up. This leaves her in a state of confusion and is less likely to be able to retrace her steps the night before. Leaving her clothed is optional.  Techniques on how to get the girl If you like a struggle (who doesn't?), then it is best to be prepared for the possibility of her escaping. It will get messy, and it will get dirty. She will fight you. She will want away from you as fast as possible. This means putting you in as much pain as possible, whether it be hitting, biting, kicking, etc. This isn't the route I recommend as it increases the risk of DNA coming loose (see first paragraph as why this is a bad thing). That's why I suggest knocking her out before raping her. If you want a fight then make sure she can't actually escape you, like a locked room or basement.  Should it be risked in the field or should you risk movement If you rape her in the field then there is a chance of a random by passer spotting you. If this happens, abandon everything and run. Do not stop to pick up anything. If you have properly cleaned everything there should not be anything to worry about. However you do not need to risk movement. I would suggest that you find several exit strategies in the event that shit hits the fan and you have to get out of there. If you have your own little rape dungeon set up somewhere and you need to move the girl then it is best to knock her out. If she is struggling and fighting it will draw a lot more attention than if she looks peacefully asleep in your arms. If you are doing this during the day (I do not suggest this!), then you need to walk with purpose. Often times if you look like you belong, then no one will question you. Walk as if you are the little girl's father and should have no issues as you move her into your car. From there you drive to a safe area to properly prepare the girl before she wakes up. Chloroform usually takes about 30 minutes before the effects wear off. At this point some consciousness may return. So you would want to be ready in that time. I suggest that you plan your targets carefully, scope them out. Learn their routines. If you know the times that they are the least supervised it makes it much easier to kidnap a small girl.  Areas to find young girls and the best times for abduction Areas for abduction would include parks, parking lots, trails etc. The classic school, or mall is a very bad idea. Tighter regulations in those areas make it near impossible to kidnap a girl. Police are called almost on instinct the second a man looks suspicious on school property. Plus as I stated above, they are very open areas. I personally prefer the parking lot, with lots of coverage from the cars and a bonus of a very speedy getaway, you can chloroform the little girl and drive off before people even hear her. People always assume that night time is the best time to commit a crime. Unfortunately this isn't true. Midday is actually the best times. Parents are often off at work so you don't have to worry about them waking up should you choose to abduct a kid in a neighborhood. What about school? You may be asking right now. During breaks is the simple answer. Always make sure the girl you are choosing is at random and not related to you. If you plan on raping multiple people keep changing the type of girl. Police will catch on and connect the dots that come with serial rapists. Many people have a type, such as small blonde 12 year olds with tight asses and barely budding breasts could be your type. If this is the case, change the ethnicity, the age, hair color, etc. to keep the police believing it is someone else.  Cleaning the crime scene When you are finished with the girl there are few ways you can clean the crime scene. I suggest a standard battery powered blacklight. This allows you to illuminate any fluids you may have gotten on the ground. Police will use blacklights as well as a chemical known as luminol to find various fluids and blood. Luminol works by oxidizing the iron in blood and making it glow a bright blue color. Blood however will glow under a blacklight so simply shine the blacklight around the place. A highly concentrated bleach compound will be what you need to clean the crime scene. Now unfortunately bleach can't get the iron in blood to not glow. What you will need is a compound known as Sodium hydroxide to damage all the blood. WARNING: Sodium hydroxide in concentrated forms is used to clean grills. This shit will burn right through you if you're not careful. Please also be aware that if you dump this chemical in your home it will eat through the floor. Once you have used bleach and Sodium Hydroxide, shine the blacklight around the room again, and continue to scrub until you cannot see anything anymore. Once you are done with the crime scene, leave as fast as physically possible. Find a new safe spot that is away from the crime scene but is not anywhere near your home for this next part. Strip of all the clothes that was used on site (You will want a spare set of clothes), once you do that dip them all in NH3 (pure ammonia) or bleach and leave them soaking in a solution for about 15 minutes or so. This high concentration will damage any DNA you got on the clothing. DNA is a relatively fragile chemical and so contaminating it will be in your best interest. Once you have let the clothing soak for a good amount of time, it's time to take out the lighter. Coat the clothing in a generous amount of gasoline and burn them. Coat the ashes in sodium hydroxide and bleach just to be safe but at this point just spread them out on the ground and leave.  Tech that could help One interesting thing people tend to not know is that it is very easy to find cameras. Even if they are tiny. You can find many devices online that have a small array of LED's surrounding what looks like a lens. When you look through the lens at a camera you will notice that the camera's lens will glow the same color as the LED. This is due to the fact that the light is bouncing off the lens and will come back in a refined sharp point. If you choose to record be sure that you use a camera that has no memory on it. Memory recovery tactics can get pictures you've taken before which can lead to incrimination for you. I'd suggest simply buying a new camera with cash. Be sure you buy the camera from a place out of town. That way there is very little chance that anyone you know will see you and recognize the camera that you are buying.  Alibi and evading the police Finally you need a cover in the event all of this fails you and you end up a suspect in the eyes of the cops. This may seem a bit cliched but faking an illness works quite well. Especially if you find a way to convince a doctor you have the flu. Have the doctors give you some form of confirmation that you were at the doctors. This can come in the form of a letter to an employer explaining your absence. Never use an alibi that includes other people. Police will question the other person and if they do not back your story then you have explaining that needs to be done. You may say, I was caught and now I am on the run! What do I do now? Fear not, it is much easier to get a free start than you'd expect. This is a drastic method but it might need to be done. It is much easier than you might understand to take on the identity of a dead man. A few things will be needed to do this. 1. A dead man who died out of the state he/she was born in. 2. 1 form of identification That's it. That's all you need to start a new life. Finding a person who has recently died that is a similar age to you is quite easy if you simply scour the obituaries. Make sure he died out of state as this is important. In the US there is very little data that is shared between states. Death certificates are not shared between states. So one state may have a birth certificate while another may have a death certificate. All you need to do is get one form of identification from the man. Once you do that you can get his social security number by requesting a new card and take on the role of his life. The easiest form of identification to get would be a birth certificate. Make sure the person lived in an urban area to minimize the issue of running into people the person might've known. You will have to cut all ties to people you knew unfortunately, so this fresh start is a last ditch effort to avoid life imprisonment.  ADVANCED:  Different types of bindings There are many types of bindings that you can use on the girl to keep her restrained. Please note they all have their own pros and cons and so you will have to weigh your choices on what you want to use.  Duct tape Arguably the most go to choice for any person who wants to restrain another. Pros     Easy to get at any hardware store out there     Resilient and very durable     Quick and dirty application to the victim allows for a quick getaway (just a few wraps and you're done)     Watertight/ resistant  Cons     Loses stickiness capabilities when around heat/ variation in temperatures     Loud pulling the tape off the reel     Leaves glue residue behind on the victim     Glue residue can capture finger prints (Don't believe me? Put your finger on duct tape and pull it up then look closely)  Zip ties My personal favorite  Pros     Easy to get at any hardware store out there     Very durable     Fairly easy to put on (Only needs one for wrists/ankles, but it can take a bit to put on your victim)     The mark on the wrists will go away after a little bit without any finger prints on it if you've been careful     Looks inconspicuous when just in a package Cons     Your victim can break out of them if they how to (this can work with duct tape too but it's less likely when wrapped multiple times) How they'd go about doing this is by raising their hands above their head, puffing their chest out, and pushing their arms down against their chest to create almost a wedge against their chest to create enough outward force to break the zip ties. This can be done from behind too by them bending over and doing it against their butt instead. So be sure you prepare for that.  Rope Pros     Easy to get a hold of like everything else described     Incredibly durable     Easy to tie on Cons     Bulky     Can be untied easily     Leaves very distinct marks in skin that can be traced back to the type of rope used     DNA and hair and skin can be caught in the fibers of the rope  Handcuffs Pros     Fast and easy to apply     durable Cons     Looks suspicious     Makes lots of noise due to the metal clanking together     leaves very obvious marks in the skin     while unlikely, can be escaped with a hair pin or anything small enough to get in the key hole. Handcuff keys are different to regular keys in that they are very easy to pick.   Knocking her out  Chloroform recipe  ingredients: 1. Pure Acetone 2. Bleach 3. Ice water 4. Tub 5. Glass container  Steps: 1. Pour bleach in glass container. Almost all the way to the brim of the container. 2. Add ice to the bleach, to cool it down to a temperature significantly cooler than room temperature. Leave it to cool for a bit. 3. Add one part Acetone for every 50 parts Bleach. Pour acetone in, replenish the ice if necessary. With time the reaction should cloud up and increase in heat. 4. Leave it for 20 minutes, just to make sure that the reaction is fully completed. Keep a close eye on it though, it may overheat. Feel the glass occasionally to make sure. Also, allow time for the reaction to settle. Time may vary with the size of reactions made. 5. After settling, there will either be a white powder at the bottom of the glassware, or a clear bubble. Pour off the remaining solution and try to leave the bubble/dust in the glass. 6. Extract pure chloroform with a separation funnel or a similar instrument.. 7. If you wish to store chloroform, use a brown glass bottle only to prevent radiation making it turn to phosgene quicker. Also, make sure the bottle is filled all the way up, because chloroform reacts with Oxygen. You can only store the chloroform for a week or so however, because it will eventually decompose.   Nitrazepam Recipe  ingredients: 1. 2-amino-5-nitrobenzophenone 2. Chloroform 3. chloroacetyl chloride 4. Hexamine 5. toluene 6. toluenesulfonic acid hydrate 7. dichloromethane 8. silica gel  1. Dissolve 0.206 moles (50 gr.) 2-amino-5-nitrobenzophenone in 250 mL dry chloroform, add over 5 min 2. 24 mL (314 mmol) chloroacetyl chloride, stir 2 hrs at 35 °C with moisture protection 3. Evaporate all volatiles at the rotary evaporator, add more 100 mL chloroform to the residue and evaporate again to total dryness 4. Take up the resultant 2-(chloroacetamido)-5-nitrobenzophenone in 200 mL THF, add 42 g (0.3 moles) Hexamine (hexamethylenetetramine), 900 mL 96% alcohol, and 220 mL (2.95 moles NH3) 25% ammonia solution, density 0.91 kg/L. 5. Reflux for 6 hrs, evaporate (rest in vacuo at the rotary evaporator) all volatiles, add 240 mL toluene and 1 gr. toluenesulfonic acid hydrate and shake 6. Reflux with Dean-Stark adapter/condenser for 90 min 7. Add 150 mL hot water and let cool down over night 8. Filter off the brown solid, wash twice with 100 mL water and dissolve in 400 mL dichloromethane 9. Pack a 30 mm diameter column 5 cm high with silica gel (F254, Merck) / dichloromethane, filter the solution of the crude product through it 10. Wash the column with 100 mL more dichloromethane (the absorptive filtration will remove some tar), and evaporate the complete filtrate to complete dryness   Flunitrazepam (Rohypnol, AKA: Roofies) recipe  ingredients: 1. 2-\[methyl\]amino-2'-fluorobenzophenone 2. ethylglycinate hydrochloride (glycine ethyl ester HCl salt) 3. HNO3/H2SO4  1. starting from 2-\[methyl\]amino-2'-fluorobenzophenone, condense this with ethylglycinate hydrochloride (glycine ethyl ester HCl salt) to get a \[n-methylated\] "fluorazepam" 2. nitrate this with HNO3/H2SO4 to yield flunitrazepam   Conclusion There are different tactics to approaching a girl of a specific age group. Anywhere between the ages of 0-3 generally you can get away with simply taking the kid. You just need to be sure their parents are not around when you do so. Between the ages of 4-7 (roughly), you can get away with them staying quiet due to the trauma. In my opinion the ages of 8-13 you'll have to start dealing with the fact that parents may still be around, but also that you'll need to do some convincing and learn to get their affection. Anywhere above 14 and I'd say do straight kidnapping. Parents tend to let their children out of their sight then, and they should know enough not to approach any stranger at this point. So it's best to simply kidnap her. Unfortunately this is my opinion and as such is rather subjective. I hope I covered enough material and that this is sufficient enough. If it isn't simply tell me what I should change or add.