Hi, I'm gonna have a rant because I am fuming with my economics teacher 😡😡. Basically, I had to have double hip replacement surgery when I was 11 and again when I was 13 (because I have a rare genetic disorder called hEDS) I was in a wheelchair for 5 years and only learnt to walk again last year. But i am doing much better now. I was bullied in secondary because no one believed me, they would push me out of my wheelchair, steal my crutches and chuck them in the bushes, push me over, they used to all sing songs at me and call me a fake when I walked past and whenever I walked into class and record me and put it on a page about me that they had. I was miserable through the whole of secondary because of this. However because of my condition all of my joints dislocated several times a day (sublux to be technical because they go back in after), this means that I really struggle with essay based subjects as when writing essays the continuous pressure of the pen dislocated my fingers so I end up never finishing because it slows me down. So I had rest breaks in my gcses, and I will also get them for a levels (because I NEED them), I've handed in all my medical documents hey have all the evidence they know I'm telling the truth, but my econ teacher still thinks j dont need them. I spoke to her and all my other teachers and said can u please keep my disability secrete as I dont want everyone knowing because I got bullied at secondary for it. I can now walk and stuff (although I get lots of pain sometimes) so you wouldn't know I had a disability unless you saw my joints go or if I told you. Because my teacher doesnt believe me she keeps finding reasons to tell the whole class despite my wishes. Firstly she yelled to the whole class, just to let you know that caitlyn has a unique medical issue and disability (out of the blue for literally no reason). And then today, after already sorting out how I will have 10 mins extra time to account for the rest breaks I had to take during the exam in lesson) she yelled as loud as she could 'so are you still having extra time then?' She knew I was and she knew I wanted it to be kept quiet. Now I am getting picked on again, people calling me fake and saying I dont deserve rest breaks or extra time, one kid even said 'well of you are letting anyone just get away with extra time then, I have asthma'. As if a condition which left me in a wheelchair for 5 years (I was actually told that I wouldn't walk again, but I worked hard to improve my situation) and having to have major surgery twice from the age of 11. I am fuming, I am a straight 9 student who is getting the highest grades in all of my classes so people say that I shouldn't get the support I need because I'm 'smart' . How does that affect my physical disability? She has irretrievably damaged my social life. Everyone from my secondary school blanks me because they think I was fake (I have two massive scars down both of my hips that prove otherwise!!) And I dont really have any friends because they all dropped out and dont talk to me anymore (too busy with boyfriends) I sometimes sat next to these 3 people (one of them was the one comparing my Eds to his asthma) and now they are avoiding me as well. Surely this is against some kind of rules? I cant imagine that someone would breach privacy and confidentiality like this in a workplace!