I found out I was pregnant about a week ago and everything has been such a crazy rollercoaster and I can’t think straight so I’m just gonna rant and get it out. I’ve known this guy since the very end of December, I met him on OkCupid. He’s put me through hell, the emotional abuse and manipulation hurts so damn bad. I’ve always been scared to go on the pill because I have Chronic Depression and a few other mental health issues and I didn’t want it to mess with my head even more. I’m 23 years old, I have two awful paying jobs to make ends meet, currently living with my mom because it’s so expensive to rent and be on my own, especially with these jobs. Anyways, the dad is a sociopath... he says he will help with everything and wants to stay together but to be completely honest I don’t want to be with him anymore, no matter how much (get ready for it- this is where I’m really dumb) I love him. I don’t want to be tied to him for the rest of my life either. He’s not being sensitive at all about my pregnancy, now mind you: he’s 29, already has a kid, and lives with his mom and dad because he doesn’t want responsibility I guess even though he can afford being on his own and much more. I don’t want a baby with him... this is not how I wanted a baby... I want to be with someone who takes me seriously and doesn’t hurt me every other day and makes me feel like a fat piece of shit. Last night he was telling me I should start jogging so that when the baby belly starts then it won’t get “too big.” I’m only about six weeks tops, I’m just scared. I don’t know what to do. The stress isn’t worth it, I can’t afford it even though I know if I kept it I’d find a way, I think I’m too young, I don’t want to put a poor kid through this. I’d feel awful. Absolutely awful... I wish I never met him... does anyone have any abortion stories to calm me down about it? I will be making an appointment with PP today once their offices open. Anything is helpful. And please no hate on this, please. I can’t handle that. I’m already emotional, I can’t take my anti depressants while I’m pregnant because I don’t know if I can, and I’m suicidal. So please only kind and helpful things. Please.