I had my second abortion a month ago and I have so many mixed emotions. I’m relieved I did it because right now my husband and I are not in a good place financially. But I’m sad and feeling some guilt about it. When I saw the pregnancy test was positive I was excited at first then scared because I knew my husband would talk me into abortion again. He told me it was my choice but anytime I expressed wanting to keep it, he’d remind me of our situation and shoot my feelings down a bit. I really didn’t want to go through an other abortion because the last time was a bit traumatic for me due to the pain and seeing the 15 week aborted fetus in the little pot thing the hospital gave me since I foolishly looked down since I thought it was getting stuck coming out. This time since I was only 7 weeks, I was able to have an at home abortion. My husband took care of me, by giving me hot water bottles, buying my favourite snacks and putting Parks and Rec on to make me laugh. I waited until last night which was a little over a month after the abortion to take a pregnancy test. Seeing it say negative broke my heart. I regret what I’ve done. I know it was the right thing to do but I feel regret and grief. I keep having nightmares about bloodied fetuses. The other night I dreamt I was still pregnant, it felt real. I woke up happy but then I remembered what I did. I talked to my husband for a bit about it last night and he listened but I feel like he really didn’t. I told him I sometimes think about if our situation was good the first time, about the toddler we would’ve had now. He tried brushing it off. Anytime I brought up the last abortion he’d tell me that it was in the past I need to move on. And now I feel like he’s gonna do the same with this second one. I’m sad, angry, hurt and feeling alone. My husband does seem to care a bit and says he wants a family with me but he doesn’t seem to be doing anything to change our situation. He still at his low paying job and sitting on the sofa all doing not doing anything else besides playing the fucking Xbox with his mates.  While a week after the abortion i finally started my job at the help desk at the hospital. I want to be angry with him for the abortion but  it was my choice. But it doesn’t feel like my choice, it feels like his. Sorry about the long post . I just have a lot of feelings and I’m trying not to cry at work.