I last got my period on the 27th of February and had unprotected sex but took morning after pills which Didn't work..only learned they don't work after you've already ovulated....I was convinced I was safe because my boyfriend didn't actually ejaculate inside me but I was very wrong because precum is just as powerful. So a day after missing my period I became paranoid and bought pregnancy tests online and to my disbelief it was positive. This is when my dilemma started, I'm a student in China and currently all universities are on lockdown meaning I can't leave or enter and to get an abortion I had to sneak out of the university at night, spend the night wandering then go to the clinic in the morning. At the moment restrictions are very tight on foreigners meaning I can't book a hotel or go spend the night at a friend's place because the guards at apartment gates won't let you in. So I had no option but to sneak out and spend the night walking about. Prior to all this, I had contacted a couple of abortion clinics and set my appointment but the moment they realized I was a foreigner, they immediately turned me down/ asked for a health declaration form from the police. Since I just had one day to sneak out do the abortion and come back, I couldn't get any health declaration form. Luckily one clinic finally accepted me and my appointment was all set, so by 8 am I was at the clinic, because of Covid19 there are so many forms one has to fill in and after getting my temperature checked and filling in the forms, I finally met my doctor. I was sure I wanted a surgical abortion because I didn't want any complications with the medical abortion that would require me to come back so my doctor made pay about $100usd which is like 700yuan and I did all the routine checks like urine test, blood test, EKG, pap smear and a transvaginal ultrasound. All came back fine and she said I could go on with the abortion. I signed the consent forms and paid for the main surgery which was about $410 which is like 2900yuan. I was directed to another floor where I changed my shoes and pants into hospital ones and  had my vagina cleaned in preparation for the surgery. After this I went to the surgery floor where they checked my temperature and finally led me into a room where my surgery would take place, they made me remove the pants I was wearing and put a pad on my underwear.After that I lay on the bed and my dilemma started allover again, because I've recently lost a lot of weight they couldn't find a vein to put the iv. It took more than 30mins of poking both my arms and legs, a total of 8 doctors until one finally found one on my wrist. I was out to sleep then a sharp pain in my anus woke me up...they told me it was some injection and after that they put my pants back on and wheeled me into the recovery room where I was made to lie down and finish all my medication via my drip. I felt massive cramps and pain in my ass but as I was lying on the bed, the nurse put a waist trainer like thing around my waist and it was vibrating and massaging my tummy. After about 20mins with that massaging belt the cramps went away and so did the drowsiness of the anaesthesia. After I had finished all my drips, they gave me milk, buns and an egg and told me that after eating I had to go downstairs and see the first doctor I had seen . I got dressed and went to see the doctor who had a bunch of medicines waiting for me including birth control pills, she instructed me on how to take them, dos and donts and off I went.....the hospital staff were extremely helpful and nice and being a foreigner at this point in time It's really scary. Luckily I didn't experience any racism however if my Chinese wasn't good , this would have been very traumatic because nothing was in English and everything I signed or agreed to was in Chinese...the actual surgical procedure was a 5/10 pain wise. To be honest I didn't have time to feel remorse about the abortion because I was more worried about racist attacks, sneaking back into school safely which I managed to do luckily. I had to spend the rest of the day after the abortion sitting in Starbucks because I could only sneak back into school at night. My whole experience has been traumatic because prior to the surgery I had massive anxiety and panic attacks but I feel better now