My husband and I have been married for a year. We got married just 4 months after we started dating - fast I know, but we had known each other 6 months prior to us dating and our relationship was tested so to speak a lot when we were dating. I had a family death, had a pretty severe health scare, he went through a stressful job change as did I, and several other things. Our communication was always open and I felt like we had a very solid foundation for our relationship. I grew up in an extremely physically and emotionally abusive household and when I got out I promised myself I would never let myself be in a relationship like that. He always made me feel incredibly safe and like I had finally found the person I wanted to be with. I never saw myself getting married anyone who knows me knew that but when he proposed I couldn’t picture my life without him and was ecstatic to say yes. My family and friends that had met him loved him and I love his family and am especially close with my mother in law. After we got married things started to change. He left shortly after we got married for boot camp with the military. We were going to do 6 months of long distance and then I was going to move with him after he got stationed. The first 3 months was only letters but after he graduated boot camp and went to training camp for his MOS he had his phone. He started to be controlling about our time to talk and where I was. He started tracking my phone (and still does) and claimed it was so he knew I was safe in case something happened but on several occasions he’s called or texted me asking me why I was in a certain place and who I was with and the one time I tried to take the tracker off he got pissed and said he needed to make sure I was safe and it wasn’t a big deal since I could see where he was too. I wasn’t allowed to go out with friends till after we had talked and if I tired to cut our call short even if we had already been talking for an hour or two he would get incredibly upset. His training was really stressful and had some other things on top of it that made the whole situation even more stressful. I said something to him about it several times and it was fine for a couple days and then it was back to the same behavior. I thought it was a combination of stress from training and a new marriage but now we’ve been back together for almost 3 months and I thought everything was going great. We moved into our place right before the city shut down cause of Covid so we’ve been isolated together the whole time. We’ve had a couple fights but nothing outside of a normal marital argument. But with everything opening back up I’ve noticed things are starting to change. My best friend lives in California and I only see her once a year if I’m lucky we had been talking about her coming to visit now that things were calming down. She wanted to come down for my birthday but I told her that my husband and I had promised each other we’d spend my birthday together this year because he missed it last year which I was fine with. So she gave me some other dates she could come, said to talk with my husband and we’d set a date. She was only going to come for about a week. When I told my husband about it he blew up saying that we made a deal no one would be coming to visit us for the first 6 months of our move and a week was too long for anyone to visit. And that he didn’t want me going to a bunch of places with her especially places only he and I were supposed to go to and be left out. He said all this after I told him I wanted to show her the cool places we had always been to so she could see. He said he just didn’t want her to come so soon and so close to my birthday so he could have me to himself. He came back to apologize but said he was exhausted (he works nights) and if I hadn’t overwhelmed him and piled it one all at once he wouldn’t have gotten so upset. Even though I had brought up my friend coming for weeks and he even said he wanted to meet her. There always seems to be an issue when I want to be with friends and he’s not around but this takes the cake. I’m feeling suffocated and confused. Is this abuse or am I overreacting? What do I do?