My wife and I have not been intimate for a while.  I found out not too long ago she contacted an ex spoke to him and nothing happened because he has a fiancée.  But what if he was not so dedicated to her and took his time to coerce her.  Since then I been very suspicious of her online activity, granted what I seen.  Also she has been going on mom apps and searching things like bdsm sex fucking etc.  Whenever I ask her what she’s is doing she locks her self in her room.  She sleeps in another room due to our son who used to have night terrors and wake up 4-5 times a. Night because he wanted milk or to be consoled.  Anyways she has not came back since.  And now that I Amal’s her about what she’s doing she is very dismissive and says I’m herassing her because she locks her self in the room.  But I am just trying to re kindle the lost flame and re connect with her.  It’s so heartbreaking because I am not bad guy.  I pay all the bills I work I spend time with my family I’m a great dad she even said herself.  Like she is secretly trying to build a case against me and record me for courts.  She says she’s afraid of me even tho I never hit her in my life. Yes we argue and sometimes it gets loud but I don’t come in yelling it’s always a question that seems to annoy her and she begins.  I’m so lost cuz I really do love her.  I don’t know do I just leave her alone and let her heal or do we end it. She wants to be here for the kids but that’s not good for me mentally just for the mere fact of I’m not trying to have a room mate.  I don’t know it’s fucked up.  My heart is saying try to save it. But my brain is telling me regardless of anything her mind is made up.   We been on covid and she hasn’t really left the house.  So I know she hasn’t been cheating on me right at the moment. But I have a strong hunch she is chatting online on watching guys online I seen her on her phone and she was texting and grabbed her boob while reading for a second.  What’s your thoughts.  I don’t know