Why do I feel like this? The guy I’ve been with for 3 years now, we broke up a few months ago but stayed living together, wants to go back home to MS to see his friends etc. which in lesser words means leave for good and us split up for good. He is abusive in every way imaginable.. physically, mentally, emotionally.. etc.. I’m fully aware he does not care about me or respect me or anything like that. Long story short, last night we got into a fight over the same thing again. He said he wanted to leave and I was holding him back from leaving (basically because I won’t stay here and watch his stuff, I said I was leaving too) so he’s been using that as an excuse to blame me for not leaving. I barely responded to anything he said last night. He once again lost his shit, and started hitting me. Not just one punch to the body or face.. several punches over and over.. I tried covering my face and body as much as I could.. whenever it happens I guess I either black out or am so scared I don’t really remember all the details. But last night was the worst he’s hurt me yet. It’s gotten progressively worse over time.. from a shove or a push or one punch, to several punches, harder and more every time. He kept punching me last night.. I had my eyes closed and he was just screaming and hitting me..my arms, legs, body.. he went under my arms at one point and hit me in my eye really hard. I felt it hard and immediately. All I remember at that point is crying “please, please stop”... I wear glasses so it made it worse. He gave me a pretty bad black eye. It’s all swollen and bruised, it hurts a lot. We’ve been next to each other all day today. He’s looked at it a few times, poked it once and asked if it hurt.. but acts like nothing happened and nothing is wrong. Didn’t apologize, didn’t say one word about it. When I clear as day have a swollen bruised black eye because of him. I told my sister tonight, she offered to come pick me up immediately. I so badly and desperately want to leave. I’m miserable and scared to death of him. But I am also terrified to leave. I’ve been here with him for the last 3 years. This was the first 3 years of normalcy I’ve had in a very long time. I don’t know anything different. And I dont know how I’m supposed to go from just have been living with someone and and being with them almost always, to never seeing this person again. I literally can’t comprehend it. I feel like my world is going to fall apart and I can’t seem to figure out how to function without him, and can’t think straight about anything. All I can think about is us parting ways.. and that’s it. I’ll never see him again. 3 years gone and down the drain. The home we put together, all the intimate moments, the memories, the laughs and tears, all the good and bad times and everything In between. I know I will be better off without him. He stopped being the person I loved a long time ago. But I still remember all those things and they stick out more. And make it harder for me to let go. Why is it this hard for me to just let go? How is it so easy for him to just walk away from everything we’ve built together, and leave it behind like it never happened? How can he treat me this way, continue to hurt me so bad physically and mentally and act like and believe that it’s all my fault, while his friends and family don’t have a clue as to how he’s treated me this whole time. I just don’t know what to do, I’m terrified. I can’t seem to make my brain or body do anything. I feel like I’m in complete denial and I just keep hoping this isn’t all happening. I truly hate that I’ve wasted so much time and so much of my life for literally nothing. I am devastated. I truly don’t know How to function or how to move on or how to do anything at this point. I’m paralyzed. Someone, please, if you have gone through something similar or have any words or advice... I’d appreciate it. Anything would help.