My ex partner was abusive. Emotionally and mentally. When we started dating it was us, and my boyfriend, the three of us dated. For the first month, everything was great, we always were together or talking, just having a good time. About a month in, the ex got grounded by their parents (17 at the time). So my and my boyfriend would hang out together and wait for her to message, and respond almost immediately afterwards, and things seemed fine, but they would get sarcastic or upset because they weren't involved. After they were ungrounded things went back to normal, except that they would get mad at me over nearly everything, then would block me, ignore calls or pick up and tell me to go eff myself, then talk to my boyfriend, and things would be fine. They would then apologise to me, while making me feel bad at the same time. This went on until the end of the relationship. They would pick fights and gas light me, yell at me and then get angry or upset when I would yell beck, but call me a coward when I didn't. They constantly compared me to people who had sexually abused them in the past. I felt like I was never enough. 
At one point they needed to move out of home because of some circumstances, so I agreed and tried to find a place so we could move in together. We ended up house sitting together for a week, and after that week they went back home and told me they didn't want to move in together. Two days later showed up at my work trying to get me to come see a house with them for us to live in. This started a massive fight that ended I'm a breakup, which lasted for 20 minutes cause they 'didn't want to lose me'. I told them I didn't think moving in together was a good idea and they agreed. Until the next fight and they told me I never even tried and that I was a horrible person for not wanting to live together. We ended up breaking up two weeks later, but still shared a boyfriend. 
After I tried to mend things a month or so later, they abused me over text telling me I was disgusting and that they hoped I died. 
Skip to four months later, we decided to meet up and have coffee to talk things out. The whole time they told me I was horrible and everything that happened was my fault and they wanted to kill themself because of me. I decided to not talk to them because it wasn't going to work. My boyfriend then went through A similar thing which ended their relationship. They then sent me death threats and physically attacked my boyfriend, constantly tried to call and message us both and then showed up at my house after threatening to beat the crap out of me. 
Both me and my boyfriend have restraining orders against them, but I'm still constantly afraid, of seeing them, of it all happening again, and of the constant reminders of this person.
I don't know why I'm writing this on here, but I guess I would like some advice on what I should do to make the fear go away?