The thing that hurts me most about being in this abusive relationship is that I had to leave my cats behind. one even died. They're with my parents, but it made me sad to think that maybe my cat died because he was sad and I wasn't there. I try not to think about it much because it makes me feel like a terrible person. I have two more though. My story began when I was 17, and I didn't like living with my parents so when I got the opportunity to move in with my boyfriend, I just sort of took it, and I always thought "oh I can always visit them" I never thought It would be a permanent thing and it never even crossed my mind that my cats wouldn't be living with me, I always had in the back of my mind that it was temporary and They would live with me soon.  But time passes by fast, months turned into over a year, and my boyfriend said "I'm moving to new york, but can you come help with the move and I'll send you back" So, I agreed. But again, time goes by fast, and before I knew it, I  knew I wasn't going back, or at least he had no intentions of me ever going back home. Not that I was held hostage but you knew how toxic partners are. Every now and then when I think about how much I miss my babies, I cry a little. But the fear is so overwhelming and my mental health is being held on a string. But I know soon I will be leaving, and once I get to my mom's house, I'm going to have my cats come and live with me. My dad and mom live in different states, and I didn't like living with my dad so I'm planning on living with my mom who I never had a close relationship with but she's always wanted to build one with me. There a service where I can have someone take my cats by car, and deliver them right to me. I'm not sure if I can fly them but the car service is only like 200-300 which honestly isn't bad in my opinion. I just can't imagine how scared they would be not knowing where they're going, and it could take 2 days of straight travel. I wouldn't know who was taking them either, but it is what it is. It breaks my heart from being apart from them for so long.