When I was 15 I got into a relationship with a 23 year old. He was 8 and a half years older than me and a sex offender. He got put in jail when he was 16 for molesting a boy. He played it off as he was emotionally stunted from the physical and sexual abuse he received as a child. As a 15 year old who had her own previous traumas I accepted it and looked through it with niavee eyes. Fast forward a 6 months I hit my 16th birthday and we took our relationships semi public. For the next year and a half I experienced living in a car. And not because my parents are bad. I pushed my whole family away for this predator. He yelled at me, belittled me and threatened me. It got to the point where it truly felt like I could never do better than this monster. But he wasn't a monster I "loved" him, I could change him, I can survive him. I put up with the yelling matches, him comparing my underage body to anyone he deemed attractive (aka anyone with big tits or a Kardashian ass) I was too emotional, I needed to be less childish. I got a job at walmart when I was 16. He had a couple jobs for maybe a span of a week each. My money went towards his food and his gas. When I was 17 and a half he decided he needed to move. I moved in with his mom and patiently waited for my 18th birthday. The plan was that he was going to move to somewhere that didn't know about him being you know, A REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER. We video chatted and texted. And those 6 months were the most freeing of the past 2 years. I didn't need him. I was happy just the same without him. The day he left I thought I was going to be a sobbing mess. I wasn't, I was relieved. 2 months before my 18th birthday he told me something. He had cheated on me. No he rubbed it in my face. He sent me pictures of the girl's ass. He verbally attacked and made fun of my sadness. I said I would forgive him. He continued to push it in my face. I don't think he actually thought I had the balls to leave me. But I did. I dyed my hair purple and suddenly had a surge of self respect. I cried. I cried alot. Not for him. But for all the things I missed out on for that scum bag. I gave some of my best years to a pedophile. I'm 19 now, I moved and am in a healthy relationship and environment. I'm still dealing with this burning shame of having ever being with him. I hate myself for not have being stronger. If I listened to my family, friends or even the police, then maybe these years of emotional trauma and ptsd would have never had happen. Just because someone says your mature for your age does not me they truly care for your well being.