I've noticed a lot of posts here are about sexual abuse and I've been through that too, but that's not what this post is about. When I was a kid my parents were on and off drugs. When they were off drugs they were the most loving parents a kid could ask for. Took my brothers and I camping, to six flags, and one of my earliest memories is my dad reading with me which is something I loved and make sure to do with my son.  But they never stayed off drugs for long. When they were using it became my responsibility to take care of my 2 and then later 3 brothers. Before the baby was born and it was just me and 2 brothers my mom heard us fighting over a toy so she came upstairs and took everything out of our room so we'd have nothing to fight over. Even our beds and the light bulb. Literally everything. We opened our window and talked to the kids that were playing outside, asking them to throw us toys and notes. Maybe a sheet so we could somehow climb down. My mom didnt like that. She said she thought we would fall out the window. So she put wood over the windows with little tiny holes for light to come in. At night it would be so dark and I'd be so scared and cry. If I cried too loudly she would come up and cover my mouth and nose with her hand. So I couldn't breath which meant I couldn't cry. I thought I would die. So I was quiet. This lasted for I dont know how many days because it was school break. I remember for entertainment I picked the stitching out of the pockets of my pants and then later got my ass beat for ruining my clothes. I was also in trouble because I let my brothers pee in the corner and they ruined the carpet. Eventually my grandpa came for a visit and he told her what she was doing was wrong and he was going to call CPS and take us away. She told him she was on drugs and needed help. We went and stayed with him for a while and she got off drugs and I had my mom back, but eventually we went back to living at our apartment, my grandma came with drugs and my mom turned into a monster again. I'm still scared of the dark and having a baby is a good excuse to use a night light but I've always needed one. When I got older I used drugs and I did things I'd never do now that I'm sober. I understand that my parents were sick. I know they loved me and that whatever they've done was the drugs. They're both dead now, died from overdoses. And I miss them so much even though most people don't understand how I could. I dont know what I expect from this post. Any words of encouragement or support are appreciated