My younger sister has some hygiene issues, kind of bad ones if I'm honest. My mom started screaming at her so the whole house could hear about hating doing her laundry because her underwear is gross and everything stinks, etc, but in a very very vile and disgusting way. And it's out of literally nowhere. I came downstairs and I ask why she has to embarrass her so everyone can hear and why not just sit down and have a private talk with her? I'm calm and trying to not sound rude. But it doesn't matter. She immediately starts screaming again in my face about how I can't tell her what to do, she can do whatever she wants, etc. I'm like ok I wasn't telling you what to do I was asking you a question. Why does she deserve to be spoken to that way? And she isn't listening. She's ranting over me about how she is the boss etc etc and then threatens to hit me if I don't get out of her way even though I'm not in her way at all. I'm at the bottom of the stairs, the hallway is clear. She is so angry that spit is going everywhere, she is basically frothing at the mouth. Tells me get out of her face even though she stepped up to me. My dad steps in but he's no help at all, never is. She rants to herself a lot, even if no one is there to listen. She listens to music literally every waking moment and if the wifi goes out for even a minute she is yelling at the top of her lungs. She tells everyone how stupid and worthless they are daily. She even once duct taped my sister to her bed because she misbehaved as a child. I hate that woman with every fiber of my being. She has never been there for any of us. She didn't even come to my graduation, then belittled me because I was upset about it. You can't ask her anything or she'll blow up at you. She can't actually explain a clear point so that's part of it. She's done so much meth in her life that there's probably not much left to gather rational thoughts with. I don't know why I even try with her. She is going to die alone, there is no one that loves her. How could you love a person like that?