I believe that I may be in an abusive relationship with my partner of little over a year. When we first started, it was like I was seeing the world more vividly than ever before - trips, presents, passion - I fell hard. But as time passed things began to change. The first time we ever truly fought was about three or four months in - when I had drunkenly talked to some guys on the dance floor while my partner paid for drinks. I have no recognition of this, I had been drinking very heavily but my partner was livid and began screaming at me as soon as we got out of the bar. It got so bad that he screamed at me in the parking lot and two individual groups of people intervened to see if I was ok because I was crying and curled up on the ground begging him to stop. He got me to go home and screamed at me as I vomited and didn’t stop until the next day. Since then things have been constantly touch and go. Demands regarding sex - he has a high sex drive and I have a lower sex drive because of my ssris and ptsd. I would have to be dying to not have sex with him or get him off with a bj, etc because not being in the mood is not a good enough reason - during this time my mental health has deteriorated rapidly and I moved in with him due to toxic roommate situations - the demands grew, the arguments too - one of my triggers as someone growing up in a household with a parent with BPD yelling throws me off and I shut down. His anger is like a set match and on almost every angry occasion he has screamed at me causing me to shut down and have a panic attack. He has called me manipulative, insane, crazy and insists that I need to change and I am the cause of all the problems. Once, I made him so angry that he wrote a letter about my “dysfunction” and refused to talk to me until I read the letter to my sister. Another time, we were on vacation and I was trying out subbing for him for the first time, I did something he didn’t like and he threw such a fit that security was sent to our room on two different occasions. A week ago, my friends picked me up as he was screaming at me and I am now floating between peoples homes unsure of what to do. All I can think as I write this is that he would think that I’m playing the victim. I’ve tried to discuss his anger and he either blows up or tells me he doesn’t have anger issues. I’m at a loss. He is also financially dominant over me. Every time I have tried telling him how he makes me feel, how his actions impact me - it always ends up being my fault. I should be more grateful and appreciative, I should be happier. I’m so upset and hurt and confused.