me and my mom have had a bad relationship since the 5th grade. i used to get along with her so well before she remarried and moved in with another guy. my stepdad (they got married 5 years ago) is very controlling and looses his temper very easily. In 5th grade i was best friends with a girl and she’s still my best friend till this day (i’m now in 8th grade). my mom hated her and told me i wasn’t allowed to see her because my friend was struggling with her sexuality. i wanted to be there for her because she was struggling and that was the year my biological dad bought me a phone so he could speak to me more since my mom didn’t let me talk to my dad privately or for a long time. i had a phone and it was good until my mom saw me on social media. she took my phone away forever. when 5th grade ended i got into my dream art school which i had worked hard for. i went in for visual arts and it was so cool. me and my best friend loved to draw together and do nice things together but my mom hated her. i snuck a phone at my moms house about twice and she found the phones both times and i was grounded for so long. i just wanted to speak to my friends because i didn’t know what else to do. i dreaded going home, and i had no privacy because i was afraid my mom would set me up and accuse me of doing something wrong. my mom then decided she hated the school i got into. my whole family is homophobic and she didn’t like that i was friends with gay people. my mom started to think i was gay and i was just trying to figure out that out for myself. my mom took me out of bak (the art school) and put me into a christian school.  my life has never been the same and everyone at this christian school is a snobby rich kid. my best friend lives 2 hours away and my mom and stepdad are so “overprotective”. i just want to go to a school i enjoy that has people that i can actually be friends with. i’m not a bad kid and i play multiple sports, i draw and play piano. i found some things that help me release my anger when my parents accuse me of false things. my real dad is very poor since my mom divorced him and that’s a whole other story. my dad allows me to see my best friend and likes me seeing her. i try not to let people get to me either it’s the kids at my school or my parents. the kids at my school are really fake and the only good friend i have is the one my mom hates. i’m 14 now and i’ve learned a lot of things. my older sister talks to me about this a lot because she’s been through what my mom does. i just miss the old times before my mom met her new husband, it’s like he totally changed her and he wants to change every imperfection in her kids also. what should i do?