My father just died only at 40 years old. heart, watery lungs, dialysis I cried hard. I failed dropped out of school teachers talked to me I cried hard. My mother is physically, verbally, emotionally, abusing me. I just thought of killing myself right now and I cried. I just turned 16 years old at February 21th. All of this happened in a span of a few months. It all came crashing down. My mom neglects everything about the mental side of everything. She gets angry at the little mistakes I do. Get's physical, verbally abusive. I always try to not fight back. Not talk back. But it's getting harder and harder. Every single time it keeps happening I'm always on the edge. I don't want to hurt anybody. I don't want to hurt myself. I just want to be in peace. I wanted to explain my side to her. What I feel when she talks down on me. It especially hurts if it comes from someone close to you. I'm afraid it's not getting better. Her habits won't change, her actions won't change, what she does to me won't change. But I know that I can change. I know that. And I've made the steps to change. I'm still in trauma. My mom is always talking about my father's death. It gives a chill in my spine and it just leaves a bad taste in my mouth. She's using my father's death as a reasoning to all of my mistakes. The pressure I feel right now is immeasurable. Every time I hear something from my mom I get annoyed, I get flustered, I become scared. I can't feel safe in this household. Even the locks from my room she glued, she's using a master lock with a master key so she can open my door. There's no privacy at all. I've also been physically hit by my mother with a lock while I was sleeping because I was late for school. And this kept on happening again and again. there's so much traumatic experiences that happened to me this year it's hard. I've of course sought out for ways to cope with this. I go out and go running a lot now. Running seems to be my only escape. I feel really disabled whenever my mom does something to me, talks to me. I just feel trapped. I can't move. I know my mistakes. I know and I constantly try to solve it. But she keeps on talking. Keeps on hitting me. Keeps on threatening me if that I do something wrong I quote "You will see how demonic I really am" I DO MY absolute best to hold my anger, hold my frustration. But I fear that one day that it may be too much and I let it all out. I let it out through my running. Through whatever it is that I can do to let it out. The pressure from her though is just I can't breathe.  What do I do? How long do I live like this?