Sorry for the long post. Im lost and confused. Im full of self doubt that i may have made it all up or that I deserved it for being disrespectful/ungrateful, lazy or a liar. I left my boyfriend of 1 1/2 years. Throughout our relationship we had ups and downs. I know that there were things in our raltionship that caused issues (he dumped me on my birthday because one of my friends was teasing him and i didnt defend him. So in my saddened state i went on to an online dating site, we later made ammends but he found out about the site. I denied it and then later confessed. This caused trust issues). He first forced me to push away my friends. Telling me that they werent real friends, that in his eyes there were only 2 people i called friends that i could see. He would keep my time with family limited by either sending angry text to tell me i had to come home now or by keeping visits with them to a short period of time when we would all be together. He would always say things like if i left him/cheated on him he would destroy my life/career to the point id have to move away from the city i grew up in and where my entire family/ friends are. One of his friends lived very close to us and would notify him if ever i got off work early or had someone come over. Sometimes he was sweet and would do things for me, later to only hold those things over my head and would always say how amazing he is to me and i take advantage of him. He was jealous to the point that if we ever went out on a date night, i could not look/talk to anyone or he would get angry and say that i was flirting with them, or wanted to fuck them. On many occasions( weddings, birthdays or gatherings) we would have to leave early because i stepped out of line. Hes very good at manipulation, i tried to leave several times but he would always pull me back in. I finally had to tell him i was cheating ( i didnt) just so he would kick me out of the apartment. Even then he wouldnt let me leave and told me the only way i could is if i left everything i had and the keys so i could only get it back by going through him. I only made it out with my dog and a gym bag of clothes. On good days his abuse was just criticisms about not working enough ( i have a full time job and a part time job both in restaurants as well as sell baking on the side) or not doing enough at home. He would say things like without him my life wouldnt be as great as it is, or that i cant take care of myself, that there is no one else like him. Whenever i confronted him about the things hed say he was either joking or im to sensitive. If i ever got mad i had anger issues. Our sex life was dismal but i still had needs so if i ever watched porn he somehow knew about it( i have a very strong sense that he monitors my phone). He would constantly accuse me of cheating or being a sex addict ( this came from someone who when we first started dating asked for my help to keep his porn habbit under controll and told me he could masturbate for several hours at a time. Im not shamming anyone just trying to give context). Any advice?