I just joined reddit as an outlet to dealing with my parents. I've never described my parents as emotionally abusive until recently. I thought the things they did and said where just normal. and everyone else's parents did the same. I realized now that how my parents treat me isn't normal. Growing up, my father wasn't really around, because he was always working. He didn't start coming back around until recently, and was ultimately there for my two brothers' adolescent years..but not mine. Still, i couldn't complain because my parents spoiled me all time. Once i got older me and my parents would fight a lot. My mother was constantly putting me down for things and calling me names in front of the whole family over small small things. She would justify the things she said about me by bringing up everything she bought me, and how i should be grateful for that. As for my dad, he was so emotionally unavailable towards me that we'd just fight over things like miscommunication, or lack of communication. The way my parents would put me down affected me so much, that i made my first attempt in ninth grade. I'd constantly beg my mother for serious help, or to get me a therapist, and she'd just ignore me. She's play on empty promises, promising me that she'd get me help, but never did. Recently she divorced my dad, and immediately got a new boyfriend. It's been really hard on the whole family. She became a lot worse emotionally too. She belittles be every chance she gets, and then once im upset she'll leave an go to her boyfriends. Every time i try telling her how the things she does and say to me bothers me, she tells me that i'm playing the victim, and I'm victimizing myself. Lately, every time i do something wrong, she'll even bring up my abusive ex boyfriend, and tell me that that's the reason he left. (ex. if i get upset over something she says, or if i give her an attitude after an argument she'll tell me that's the reason my ex boyfriend cheated and left).  She doesn't give me privacy either, and her and my father frequently go through my phone and room. She puts down all my friends, and has ruined friendships because of it. But then she'll buy me something and tel me i can't be mad at her for what she did, and i have no choice but to accept it. All i've ever wanted was normal, loving parents, and it hurts so much knowing i'll never have that. My mom has never physically abused me, just constantly hurt me emotionally, but i don't know when things cross the line into being emotionally abusive. My dads hit me a few times, but not consistently for me to say he's abusive. Either way, living with them has gotten so bad that i completely switched my career paths. Since im only 17, im still stuck living here for another year, and i decided the fastest, and quickest way to get away from them would be to enlist after i graduate. Although I've always strived to get into a good college, and  achieve my dreams of being a veterinarian, i know i can't do that without keeping them in my life. I can't afford college on my own, and even then, i feel like I'd still be stuck with them financially because my mom's set on paying my loans as a way to keep me attached to her. I can't keep living with them, or being near them. They make me feel like nothing, and refuse to get me help. I can't even continue saving my money with corona going on because my jobs closed, and my mom took my car and phone because she says i dont own anything so i cant have them. Im typing this on my brothers laptop. I don't know what to do and i don't know if im over reacting and just sounding ungrateful. I just know im hurting and i don't know how to make it stop since i an't move out.