I’ve posted here before, and this is about the same thing. The person I live with, whom I was in a relationship with for 2 1/ years, and we’ve been broken up for about 6 months or a little more now. Long story short. He’s extremely abusive. Mentally, physically, emotionally... in every aspect. There were signs early on in our relationship. Then our relationship was good for about a year. Then things got bad extremely fast, he broke up with me, and all the abuse came full force and hasn’t stopped and has just gotten worse. At this point, I feel like no one will ever be able to love me or care for me ever again.. I feel so broken and lost and hopeless. I don’t even know who I am as a person anymore. I find myself constantly relying on his validation and my moods are always based off of his moods. Even though I for sure know how bad he treats me, and I’m well aware of how horrible it is that he hits me daily, speaks down of me and to me daily, doesn’t respect me at all, and is just all around a terrible person.. I still do everything for him.. I still get extremely upset when he is upset with me. If he isn’t happy, I’m not happy. The only time I am okay is when he is okay. That is so terrible to say, and hurts so bad to type and to read to myself. I have lost myself completely. I find myself constantly questioning... is it really me? Am I really the problem? Is everything he’s saying I’m doing really that bad and wrong? I can’t explain this feeling. In my heart I know I’m not a bad person and all of these things are not true. But he has been abusing me for so long, that it is easier for me to believe and accept that everything he says about me and to me is true and real. If I fight him on it and try to say no, I’m not stupid, I’m not retarded or dumb, I’m not a negative or shitty person, etc. he fights even harder back to make me truly feel like I am all of those things. Or if he doesnt feel like talking, he will just skip straight to the hitting. Punch my arm, my leg. Kick me several times. The other day he hit me harder and worse then I think he ever has. I can’t tell... I kind of try to block it out when it happens. He just started swinging at my body all over the place. My stomach, my back, my legs.. just swinging his fists all over me. It was terrible. I don’t even know how to be happy for myself about anything anymore. I just stay miserable if he is mad or upset with me, until he isn’t anymore. I know how terrible this all is. But I feel so lost and so hopeless that I don’t even know where to begin to try to pull myself out. I 100% rely on his actions and feelings for mine. I don’t know what to do anymore.. I feel like I’ll never be able to trust anyone ever again. Or love or care about anyone at all. He has completely broken me so hard and so bad. I have no confidence, I hate myself and feel gross and disgusting all of the time. I find myself not even liking the sound of my voice, because he has made me feel and believe that every part of me, physical and mental, is just terrible and gross and wrong and stupid...... I don’t even fight anything anymore when he says I did something. I just say okay. If I don’t, he ends up screaming at me and threatening me or just lashes out and hits me. Everything I do, just leads back to something being done for him... ugh this is so long. I’m trying to figure out how to start caring about myself and doing something, anything.. to make myself happy. I’m trying to figure out how to not care SO much about how he feels about me, or how he feels about something I did. I need so badly to be able to try to just be okay with myself, even if he is mad at me for something and says I am wrong about it. I don’t know how to do it or what to do to get there. What can I do to try and not care so much about his feelings and thoughts towards me? As horrible as he is to me, I still care about him.. and worry if he will still be okay with me later on, or want to go to sleep with me, or want to do anything with me. So my entire day, and attitude and everything really, is just based off of him and how he perceives me. And I want so badly to break that cycle and just be happy for myself and with myself, even if it’s for a moment. Someone please help... anything at all will help at this point.