Omg...Where do i even start? Ok storytime. I used to hang out in the mental health groups as I had a myraid of mental health issues myself. So there was this guy, he was always the "most depressed", "the saddest" and he always felt like he was always suffering, people were causing him problems etc. I befriended him, gave him financial help sometimes, treated him to meals, tried to empathise with him. He tried to help me with my problems, but it was always with the attitude that "he has it worse than me". OK fine. One of the straw which broke the camel's back, was his crazy-making. I don't know, but somehow, he seemed to have fallen for a married woman, and he loved her deeply and secretly.  I think she didn't know that. So I think the woman blocked him due to anxiety issues and seemed very reclusive and decided to block him.  So it got to a point where he used me as a mediator between her and me. And he actually told me that if she refused to text him etc., the last she will see him, is at his funeral. So anyway I called the police and cops came to his house. Everytime, in front of new or mutual friends, he would never hesitate to say that I "betrayed" him. By telling my side of the story to mutual friends, he just gets more worked up. Or anywhere on the internet for sure. Now I don't dare to shake him off or go no contact completely because he might know my address. I am just worried he might stalk me. He actually managed to force that woman to meet him at a coffeeshop once. Recently, he was making jokes about me using my bras as an NCOV mask for him. Like eww no way. I told him to knock it off. My parents are like just call the police. But even then I am fucking paranoid about him. The last time I regained my trust and met him he was trying to install some "helpful apps" iin my phone and didn't allow me to see his phone. My anxiety went up and he would try to put his arm around me. The other person who is doing some huge crazymaking is one girl who idealised and devalued me like 7 times in a day, even pinched me in a mental health space. Recently, i saw her out with my mutual friends. So of course I said hi to my mutual friends. And she smiled at me and said HI like everything was wiped clean from her memory.