I’m so sorry if this doesn’t seem as bad as it felt, compared to other abusive relationships I’m sure you’d roll your eyes at me. I had a long term 10+ years best friend and he and I dated for almost 2 years. I loved him. Truly, as tight of a bond as you could have. He was a liar, I believe he had a problem, a true lying problem where he could convince himself his lies were true. He also cheated on me, upwards of 4 times. Those facts- I know are true, absolutely. Yet, I always believed that if I could show him unconditional love and forgiveness that he could be good. I thought we could be spiritual together and I could help him heal. It’s over a decade of friendship, love, our families loved each other. I couldn’t leave it behind or give up. He made me feel crazy, insane, like literally not in reality. I’d see a pornographic picture, hentai of weird things, maybe a notification on his phone from a girl and he would convince me I was lying. But I would see it, with my eyes, I saw those things I know I saw them but somehow he convinced me I hadn’t and I was lying. I felt crazy. I felt literally as if I hallucinated these things, he always blamed it on my “bipolar” (which I don’t have) or my jealousy or “oh, I see. Well, if you think I’m cheating/looking at porn then you just think I’m a disgusting, awful person.” I don’t understand how he could convince me these things, that I didn’t see them. Then, came the “I want you to gain weight but I’m also going to degrade you for it”. He had a fetish for big girls, I’ve always been curvy and a little over weight but he preferred the very large, obese girls. So, he’d set goals. 165 lbs and then 170 lbs and then 180lbs and if I didn’t hit those marks he’d make me feel HORRIBLE. He’d act all disappointed and pouty, and go right back to FUCKING IFUNNY AND STARE AT PICTURES OF FAT FUCKING HENTAI GIRLS, I CANT FUCKING STAND THAT HENTAI AND ANIME SHIT ANYMORE IT MAKES ME WANT TO FUCKING PULL MY HAIR OUT. He’d say “Moo for me, cow.” “You’re lucky I don’t brand you on your ass like the cow that you are.” And I let him? I let him WHY? Because I didn’t want him cheating or looking at porn. It didn’t matter. None of this mattered. All that I did, the suffering I endured was for nothing. This spiritual connection I had with him that I held out for so long for, meant nothing to him. He cheated for the last time and I left him. I disappeared actually, with no trace. I didn’t tell him we were over, I didn’t say goodbye, I just disappeared. How could I say goodbye to this boy I knew since we were little kids? Do you know how hard it was? The will power it took not the answer the calls and texts? It broke me. I love him every day. I miss him every day. Tell me I’m not wrong or crazy or overreacting. Tell me the suffering I’m facing from being alone is better then the suffering I was facing with him.