My fiance is a cement truck driver. Before all this covid19 stuff he was collecting unemployment periodically because the boss is a total jerk and when he "retired" he ran off every client before he left his wife (who's name is on the business, not his, and she's paying $3000 per month to rent it from him.) He stated he's "not handing over a million dollar business even if it's to his son and wife". Yesterday my fiance woke up, and because he only has been working maybe 2 (3 if lucky) days a week because they have no govt contracts local or otherwise, (Just pour patios or foundations sometimes at this point) he noticed that the $600 extra was added to his unemployment. Which helps out amazingly. He goes to work and is told by the "retired" boss "no more unemployment for you! I got the PPP loan. Now I can finish my extension on my riverhouse!) So this guy is planning on making my fiance and all other employees work in close quarters, no masks, and also even bring people in to "see all the work HE has done!". He's using the PPP for materials for this extension on the river house. Not for the actual business or payroll or anything and if my fiance mentions that when he was hired it was to work at the concrete plant, not their personal home or personal river house he then ticks off the guy and tells his wife not to call him in for a few days! I'm in the high risk category of this whole covid19 thing and when he was delivering concrete I wasn't as worried because he could keep his distance running the truck. Now he will be in a room with Lord knows who that's smaller than my bathroom doing work he was never supposed to be doing to begin with. I know for a fact the wife has forged documents to the unemployment office and even dated some wrong which made it that my fiance never got paid those times. Is his boss allowed to do this with PPP, call him in of he feels like it (and if not he doesn't get paid) and my fiance can still not get unemployment? Or can he tell them that he can't work so close to people because of this covid19 thing because if he brings it home to me I could die and just call the unemployment office and go that route? I know nothing about anything accounting so I really apologise if I sound like an idiot. I'm am just angry that they take advantage constantly of him because he used to flip houses. But they won't pay him what a contractor would be paid. If you have any information I'd appreciate it greatly! This is all going on in WV by the way. We live in MD but he works there. Thank you! ❤️