I feel like Ive been punched in the gut. This is a long story, I will try to be quick. Basically my wife and I left NY in 2018 to move to SC, buy a house with some land for a fraction of what living in NY would have cost us. A modest home , 200k. I quit my job after selling the apartment I had lived in for 10 years and we paid off our debt and headed to South Carolina. My wife found work almost immediately while I was using my skills (electrician) to start a business. Needless to say I had no taxable income for 2019. I did however take 10k out of my 401k to pay for closing costs on the house we bought. We used my wife financials at the time to get the mortgage because I had no income to show on paper. We have healthcare through the Marketplace, and unbeknownst to me I was supposed to report the 10k permitted withdrawal for closing costs as income to the healthcare marketplace. So the IRS is saying instead of us getting back 1200 bucks , because of that 10k and not reporting it as income to the Healthcare marketplace, we now owe 8400. I say that because the woman we hired to do our taxes said we were getting back 1200 until she entered the10k 401k withdrawal , and the money we have to pay is because our healthcare premiums were subsidized to reflect income of 10k less than we actually made because of 10k from my 401k . I am at a loss … So basically i took 10k out of my 401k to owe the government 8400 plus the 1200 we aren't getting back. 10k cost me 9600. How is this ok? Why would I think that when im buying a house and making financial decisions, I have to notify my healthcare ? It didn't even cross my mind… The thing is, had i known, and had I alerted the insurance marketplace immediately about the 10k from my 401k , they would have told me my premiums for my current plan would be increasing by $800 a month, i would have changed to a much more bare bones inexpensive plan. For no other reason than there is no way we could have afforded it. Is there anything I can do? I called the marketplace and the kid on the phone was basically like, yeah that sucks for you… I Never would have took that money out if I knew it was going to have these repercussions. I thought that people taking money out of a 401k to buy a house was fairly common, how did I not know this… thanks for reading this all the way through. Any advice would be greatly appreciated...