Whenever I did acid for my first time, I took about 500 ug. I felt real clear and focused for about half an hour before I started seeing things. I felt really happy and nothing hurt like it usually did. I didn’t feel any temperature and ended up going on a sprint around the block (which scared the shit out of my friend, who was also tripping dick) and I didn’t get tired running in the cold. When I got back inside (about an hour into my trip) my friend and I started watching my hero academia, specifically the deku vs todoroki scene, and everything looked surreal and the voices were getting distorted a little bit and everyone in the stands were all melting together in patterns and moving and shifting around. I remember the fire looked really cool. If I didn’t focus on my hands, they looked like they were melting and getting soft. If I focused on them too much I could see every bit of dirt and stuff on my hands and I couldn’t get it off when I washed them. I washed them about 4 times that night. Whenever I got up to do that, walking was a challenge and I got nausea trying to move. The world was melting and swooping around. I went to pee and it scared the shit out of me cause my dick was shrunk, completely wack. My libido was basically gone, I didn’t even think about sex at all. Specs of light and color was coming from glass, and the frost on the grass was shimmery and beautiful. It was night time all through this. We started watching family guy eventually and it was a whole new show. We were watching the episode where peter kidnaps the pope to show his dad that peter was a good person. All through this we were watching and discussing really deep stuff and I talked to my friend about how my relationship with my dad was strained. I cried talking about it and I was really able to think about it. Then we compared the episode where there was a nuclear attack on the city, and where Stewie was turned into a octopus monster. When he started laying hundreds of eggs, I asked where he got the material and stuff to make them, which sparked a conversation comparing the show to full metal alchemist that lasted an hour. Eventually I was good enough to drive and drive up to an overlook about 6-7 hours in. Beautiful. Since I took so much, I still had “afterglow” according to my friend and worked an 8 hour shift. All in all, glow included, it was about 16 hours. 10/10 would recommend.