I have perused the internet for years for info not just on where the house, er... Houses were built for the movies, any production shots or set pics... to little avail. I always wondered why they changed the design of the house? Not just the adjoined covered garden but the internal guts of the house aswell... (explosions from Uncle Fester?) The first movie house had that grand entrance and double winding stairs, then the next house had a more flat and simple, squared design. There is a guy: "Siân Butcher" who made a project up called "The Addams Family Project" which is fairly detailed and somewhat replicated from what is visible in the movies... Insides, don't match outsides?? I think he abandoned it though. I am upset that movie studios keep everything so secret, I have always wanted... Say, If I won a significant lottery that I would build a 1 to 1 replica of the movie houses, leaning heavily towards the earlier house... I can't imagine it would really cost that much? Old houses were pretty simple & I am sure they could be updated structurally without messing with the theme too much. Maybe somewhere in south eastern New York? Maybe rent the place out for guests... Or Movie Studios? I would love to see another live-action movie starring Christina Ricci & David Krumholtz... Maybe a showing of Anjelica Huston & Raul Julia as spirits... And ever present, but more realistic "thing" & perhaps Lurch... Or Son of Lurch? I doubt Christopher Lloyd wanted to ever play Fester again... So maybe he did find love with "Dementia" and move away? The house has "been in the family for centuries" so it would of course be back. Oh, there is soo much more they could have done with the houses... Hidden passageways, trap doors, tunnels, secret levers, but more! I would imagine the new heads of the family would be playing more into the characters of the TV show with David Krumholtz character 'Joel' being more similar to John Astin's comedy/acting style than the late Raul Julia. I haven't settled on a Plot... It would have to be Great, not just because everything else is bad these days, but surprising and inspired by its literal movie history. Like some of the Fan Theories regarding star-wars... Now I am not a super fan of star wars but collectives of people can really throw out some intricate and jaw dropping ideas. I happened to really find interesting the theories regarding how JarJar was a secret Sith and the story they detailed was just intricate and connected from things they tied together after the fact... But, Until then I'll be buying lottery tickets and crossing my fingers! If you have anything to add feel free...