Hi there people! First off I wanna say how proud I am of all of you who have beaten addictions, I can't imagine how hard it is so know I am so proud I am of all of you :) Now I would love some advice if you coudl give it. For many months I have been battling addiction, but not my own. Someone very very important to me. This person makes me smile everytime I see them or talk to them, I have never met anyone quite like them, someone truly one of a kind Incredibly intelligent and such a beautiful heart. What is sad, is that unfortunately they have had a life growing up around drugs and alcohol and anger; they have not had it easy at All, from birth to now. Parents abandoned them, never properly loved, horrible abusive relationships, no sense of hope ever. In fact I was the first person that actually truly cared and was there for them, and I really truly am. I just don't know what to do. It pains me and tortures me to see and know of their drug abuse. cocaine, lsd, and so many more, and lots and lots of alcohol. They use these drugs to numb themselves because they have been in mental and physical pain their whole Life, and tried ending their life before. I've had nights where they get too drunk and their truth comes out, they end up crying in my arms for hours about how they hate their life and how they dont want to be broken and how they just want their mom (her mom isn't around, she's been living on her own since 16), and then they act like everything is fine the next day. It's truly heartbreaking, and I am an intense empath so it physically pains me every hour of every day because of this. All I want is for her to be Okay and safe, and I no longer want to wake up everyday worrying that she took too much of something thst night and I can no longer see her again. But I can't do much, I'm almost 18 and trying to live y own Life, but this pain is consuming me. I would love if any of you that have been through addiction woudk give me advice on what I could or should do, anything at all would be very much appreciated. This is one of my last attempts for help, I didn't know where to go for proper Advice, I hope I can find something here. Thank you for reading, stay strong. <3