Hi everyone. This is just another post to dump some feelings out a little. I'm trying to take this seriously. I would say my biggest addiction is to alcohol, but once that barrier has been broken, cigarettes, stims of various sorts (cocaine mostly), various sexual addictions, etc. are all possible. I suppose some of these happen on their own, but getting wasted screws everything up. I am a later 40s male, wasted a lot of years. I was sexually violated as a younger teen. I can see pretty clearly now what happened. As a young adult, memories surfaced and it took me a a few years of hell before I tried to reach out and talk about it, but I kind of got silenced before I could even get it out. It took me over two more years to try talking about it again, this time with a therapist/counselor I was only able to see a few time before I had to move. I tried reaching out to a therapeutic setting again maybe 6 months later, because things were still really bad. I opened up to the intake person, and felt really good about things. Unfortunately, the person who ended up seeing me was a psychiatrist (think in diagnostic terms), and I got labeled as bi-polar and some other stuff, which turns out to have been totally off - I had trauma. But I didn't know what to do. Anyway, I wasted a crap ton of years not really engaging with life as I am capable off. I'm actually lucky to be where I at (alive, working an okay job, and still decent health - I eat well and am active), though it still saddens me. But it could be a lot worse. I have screwed up so many times, done some awful crap. Not sure what I am getting at, but I am acknowledging to more than internally just myself that I have had enough of this. As I have said in another post, I can keep on keep as I have, and then get to the end and really flipping hate how this took over my life, or I can start to deal a little bit more and more, and try and shift things a bit in a direction so that when I get to the end maybe I can be at a little more at peace. I'm a little mad right now thinking about how I got let down in my early to mid twenties, in not being heard. But I will never know how things may have been different, so I know I need to let that go. I am also pretty mad at myself when I think of all the stupid crap I have done. One thing I do know, I am not going to drown myself in drink tonight and escape these feelings. I will sit with them and see what they become. Thanks.