Thank you, everyone, for your advice and support. I am doing my best to do some soul searching today about my addition. I have been trying to stay home each night, but when 10 PM roles around I just cannot make myself stay home and go to bed. I think about all of these cute girls I know down at my local strip bar and I just cannot fall asleep or stay home. I went down there again last night. It seems like a lot of these girls must think I am rich and they are almost fighting for my attention now. My favorite girl of the 40 or so that I know actually came and sat with me last night and just talked to me. I have wanted this for so long! While she was doing this though, one of my other favorite girls had to come and interrupt and try to talk to me also. Later another one of my favorite girls did about the same thing. This one girl named Jeri or Geri or however she spells it is such a turn on!! She will come and give me kisses on the lips and things like that that hardly any of the girls will do. I would gladly have her as my girlfriend if I could, but I just don't think it would work out with her or any of these other girls. Most of these girls earn about $200 to $600 per night just for dancing and don't ever actually work as hookers or have sex with guys for money. I only make $57 per day before taxes and about $40 per day after taxes, but most of these girls seem to think that I make a lot more than that just because I come into Mettler's almost every night and spend anywhere from $40 to $150 every night in about two hours. I also try to dress really nice and wear nice gold and diamond rings and stuff like that. I tell these girls I am poor and do not have money, but I don't think that they believe me and I think they mainly like me just because they think that I have money. I sometimes wonder if there is just one nice, cute, sincere dancer there that would really make a good girlfriend. I think there has to be at least one and that I have to keep going there and trying to find her. :(