I have finally admitted it... I am a closet addict and I need help. I have been struggling with what some may call addiction for a long time. I started abusing prescription pain meds at 15, and I am now 25. I was prescribed Norco at 15 for a back injury/chronic pain. It obviously started like most, taking an extra pill here or there to feel that euphoria. From the first pill I took I was completely hooked. I loved the feeling so much. Over 3 years ago now, I met a friend who at the time got 15mg oxy prescribed, and started selling me about 25 a month. I've been able for the last 3 years to go on a once a month binge for a couple days ill take 6-7 20mg oxy a day & come off of them w Kratom no problem. Everything seemed fine, I was in control, I never had become "addicted." Well... A couple months ago I was offered meth, and that night I decide to try it that one time. I did fine enjoyed the high a lot. I was able to not do it again for 2 months. Well I have been on a binge for over two weeks now. I used every single day. I didn't want it to end. I started mixing it with other stuff, took 60 Norco in 3 days, used Ativan. & Yesterday I was running out and I started doing coke. I am out of everything at this point over $700 spent in 2 weeks and the worst part is besides a couple friends NO ONE has any idea I'm struggling with addiction. My boyfriend is staying w me & I was able to hide this binge/addiction from. My family had no idea and I feel like if I tell them, I will disappoint everybody. I need HELP. Otherwise, this is gonna end up really really bad. Not to mention being in quarantine & working from home has given me a big "fuck it" attitude to everything. I'm coming down now & I can't stop thinking about it, I want more but As bad as I wanna keep going... I know I need to stop now. Any suggestions on anyway I can reach out & get help during this time of covid19. I'm honestly scared if I don't get help soon, I will be stuck in this cycle. If you have read this far I appreciate you so much ❤️ thank you.