Despite being relatively young, healthy, intelligent and capable My life is at a standstill because I can’t make a single decision about anything of significance.  It’s as if I need to solve every problem in order to solve any problem.  I don’t know if I should go back to school because I don’t know if I can be a part of society because I don’t understand society because I don’t have a relationship with my family because I don’t understand them and they don’t understand me.  I don’t know if I should stay with my girlfriend because I don’t love her but I don’t know if love is real but I don’t know if that actually matters and I don’t know if I can’t feel love because it’s not real or because my parents neglected me or because there’s chemicals in the water altering my hormones or because I’m too stressed to feel love.  I think she’s pretty great but I don’t know if she can bare me enough healthy children but I’m not in a position to have children yet but I’m 29 so I need to start having kids soon and she’s 28 so if I want to have kids with her we need to start now but we can’t raise kids here but my family is here and you need family support to have a large family.  But if I find a younger woman I could have some more time but what if I can’t find a younger woman who will tolerate me and be a good wife and mother.  I’m just standing on my deck smoking a cigarette because I feel anxious even though I feel like I should go for a run or lift some weights but running takes a toll on my joints and I feel like I should rest because it’s Sunday but I have energy but I don’t know what to do with it and also going to the gym increases the odds of catching germs from others.  I also wanted to do some reading today but I don’t know which book I should read and I should really decide whether I’m going to work tomorrow or taking the day off to apply for new jobs. Holy heck I really need some help but I don’t trust doctors and I don’t have health insurance anyway so I couldn’t afford the meds even if I wanted them.  And why should I take meds just to make my brain work in the way this unnatural modern life demands it to.  God please help me. I know my add is a problem but I can’t do anything about it because I can’t decide on any course of action because I don’t have all the information.  Someone please give me some advice on how you make decisions when you have add it’s so hard and I don’t want to kill myself but it seems like the only solution because all other options are far too complicated.