Hi, I'm a 19, about to be 20, yr old who failed her first year of college. Long story short failing one class due to my inability to get stuff done snowballed into not being able to get anything done. I'm about to go into community to get my grades and GPA up, polish my portfolio, and go back to art school.  the process of actually getting myself to go to community has been hard. Constantly forgetting deadlines for payments and sign-ups, calling the school to get things done, and general anxiety. My best friend is a guy with ADHD and I've seen some similarities and some differences. I have some impulse control but not a lot, not being able to put thoughts together esp when there is a lot of noise, unable to balance work-life and such. then some differences like trouble socializing, intrusive thoughts, and lack of care. Ever since I was little my mother has described talking to me as switching between radio stations. My mind is worse. constant 4 layers of thoughts of the subconscious, some music from a video blaring, a chore I need to do, reminding myself of death, watching youtube, and planning out my island on animal crossing. absolute hell at night when I have no one to distract me. It all feels fake at times though because growing up I was the gifted kid. sure I fell off in middle and high school and became simply 'above average' but I fear that's just because I knew so much of myself was based on those titles. As soon as I got into college where I was equal I began to falter. I remember calling my mom from the other side of the country at 6 am crying because I just couldn't do the work. I would stare and stare at post-it notes of things I needed to do, wanting to do them and never actually acting on it. The only time I could was when I was in class. I'm very scared that unless I get tested, diagnosed, and medicated ill continue to fail over and over. But I also fear that I'm just seeing what I want to see. that I do not have ADHD/ ADD or even anxiety and I'm just being lazy. IK my grandmother has ADHD and was medicated for a while and I just mssgd my bio dad to ask if he knows of anyone on his side who has it. Id love to hear anyones experiences that relate to mine or if you can tell me this may just be anxiety. I'm still going to seek professional help but I love hearing others thoughts before going to the big boys. thank you.