I don't normally post shit on reddit ,but reading the leddit comments got me triggered, I am litrally shaking (REEEE and so on). The people on r/DotA2 think in all their grand leddit wisdom that their 2 secounds of Googled info on topics is equavilent to the knowledge of people who study years to understand factors behind customer satisfaction, the motivation of viewers when watching pro games and what value do TO's bring to enhancing the product that is Dota 2. Most of the people there do not have an economics background, do not have a marketing research background and frankly many of them probably do not have a TO background to give a TO's perspective. The reality is if you do not have a product that can compete with the in game Dota 2  TV or a streamer eating food loudly while listening to gachi or weeb music, then frankly you should think about scrapping your current format rework it from scratch. I also dont buy the fact that TO's like ESL do not make some monetary gains from the games. People on r/DotA2 threw examples of Sir Slacks and SunsFan, but fail to realise they do this out of passion they love the game of Dota2 compared to ESL for example, who I do not doubt have passionate people working for them, but first and foremost ESL is a global business organisation which is profit driven. It is owned by parent company that is based in Sweden (Bruh) which is publicly traded (Fun fact ESL' parent company is owned by another company which is also traded publicly). If there is no money to be made for a For-Proft business do you think they would conduct business? The shareholders would shit this shit down immediately. Even if they don't make money directly from Dota 2  events, hosting and organising a Dota 2 event would bring in other non monetary benefits that would eventually lead to a profit somewhere. This entire leddit shit show is like how Trump who is clearly not a doctor said to put disinfect under your skin (not his exact words ,but I am on a train typing this shit). Unqualified people giving advice to situations that are much more complicated then this guy is right and the other guy is wrong. I know its hard to imagine the world isn't black and white, its grey bitch deal with it. smileyface.