My twin brother and I (female) were adopted from Peru by Canadians when we were babies. It was an open adoption, but my birth mother stopped writing shortly after our adoption and we lost contact. This didn't bother me during childhood; you don't miss what you never knew. But as I got older, I got curiouser. Not curious enough to pursue anything, though.
Fast forward 24 years later and my birth family found my brother and me on Facebook. I was excited, but also worried about how my adoptive parents would react. They were fearful my birth family would ask for money or something, but reluctantly accepted their friend request. As did my brother and I. My birth family doesn't speak a lick of English, so I feel like some things got lost in (Google) translation. My birth mother essentially expressed her guilt over having to give my brother and I up for adoption. I told her it was OK, I understood she wasn't in good times and we had a good life in Canada. She said that she loved us. THAT really weirded me and my bro out; we barely knew her! Anyways, turns out my birth mother recently remarried the man she had divorced before our birth. And my bro and I discovered our whole birth family was obsessed with us. Our older birth brother had named his daughter after me. And the family had named their trucking company after us as well. I STILL don't know how I feel about that.
Long story short, we met our birth mom this past summer. Our adoptive parents financed her visit, and I'm thankful they did, because I know it wasn't easy for them. It was a good visit actually. My birth mom was happy to see us doing so well in Canada, but it was hard because she got very emotional when we showed her pictures of us growing up. My brother was unusually quiet. I think he's still confused about how he feels. I was sad when she had to go back to Peru. I hope to visit someday and meet the rest of the family, but I fear I'll have to do that without my adoptive parents. They have expressed no desire to go back and often tell us it's a bad idea because Peru is dangerous. I don't think that's why they don't want us to go back though. I dunno, I have that weird identity issue that I guess a lot of biracial adoptees have where you feel like you don't really fit in anywhere. I feel like I'd be rejected in Peru once I open my big fat English mouth, but here in Canada people act confused, almost disappointed, that I don't speak Spanish (I do now sorta, so take THAT you lot). And I'm not fond of not looking like my parents, at least when we go out. Like, we'll be standing beside each other at McDonald's, and another cashier will ask my brother and me "Can I HELP you??" Guess it looks weird that two young brown people are trailing two older white folk haha. Anyways, that's my story! I always find comfort reading other people's experiences and shared struggles, and hope others can too.