Hello 🙋🏻I am a 30 year old woman located in the Seattle area. I am originally from the San Francisco Bay Area. I was abused as a young child by my biological father until his separation from our family in 1994 when I was 4 1/2 years old. My close family members (mother, uncle, and aunt) concealed this information from me until I asked them to tell me the truth 2 years ago, in February 2018, when I was 28 years old. I have since then attended 9 months of counseling with a mental health professional through my university's community health center. I took therapeutic doses of two antidepressant pharmaceutical medications (sertraline and bupropion) for a period of approximately six months. I have discontinued antidepressants for one month now. In place of these, I am taking two daily supplements: 5 mg lithium orotate and good ole vitamin D for those of us under gloomy skies in the Pacific Northwest. This transition has gone well. I am feeling stable, possibly even happy ? ? ? Oh, and, a few pertinent details about me: I am midway through a Master in Teaching program at Northwest University. I am currently student teaching in a 4th grade classroom at an elementary school in Redmond. This is a lot of work, but it is going well, and well worth the time, effort, and $\_$, pretty sure. Um, I am a Virgo according to the Gregorian calendar, and a snake on the lunar calendar, although I mostly do not care about astrology. I have one older half brother who I love very much. My brother, his wife, and their two children―my beloved niece and nephew―live in Raleigh, NC. I am sure there are other details about me that would be good to know, but I’m going to leave it there for now. The reason I am writing this is to express that I am seeking a stable, trustworthy, emotionally available father figure to adopt, and call my own dad. Bonus qualities in sought after father figure: a robust sense of humor, story telling, a growth mindset, positivity, grace, skilled on the BBQ, and at least one item of stereotypical dad attire (white Newbalance sneakers, cargo shorts, print button up shirt, etc). Are you that somebody? If so, please contact me. Do you know a guy? Have your guy call my guy. I can’t wait to meet you/him.