So I wanted to give more details this time so you guys can fully understand. A few weeks ago my adoptive parents and i got in a huge fight because my birth mother had sent letters the first year i was born just to make sure i was adopted to a good family. My adoptive parents threw those letters away. I don’t think they meant it in a rude way but i took it in a rude way. I said some horrible things to them an example is “maybe if I wasn’t adopted by you I would’ve had a real family” yes it was terrible and I regret it. I said that because my idea of “family” has always been really messed up and I’m learning that it is for most adopted kids. So today I bought premium white pages and found a phone number that wasn’t disconnected for my birth mom. The website i was using before only had disconnected numbers. I found out alot about my birth parents through white pages like their charges. None of which was pretty but i still texted the number. She replied and i asked her a question only my birth parents and adoptive parents know the answer to and she answered right that’s how I know that it’s really her. We talked alot and I found out I have 4 brothers that are older. She was very helpful but the only red flag that kept me up last night was; i asked her why she adopted me out but none of my other siblings. She replied with something along the lines of it wasn’t just one reason but I’d like to talk about that at a later time. My birth father has many charges for assault maybe she thought bringing a young girl into a abusive family wasn’t a good idea? Idk but I really want to meet my brothers, they don’t know about me and I’m trying to put myself in their shoes and I’m worried that they won’t like me because i got lucky and didn’t have to deal with my abusive birth father. I want to keep talking to her and get to know more but after what I said to my adoptive mother I know she feels replaced. I’m going to talk to her today and clear it up but I’m also worried that my birth mother will leave me again and this will all be for nothing. I don’t really know how to feel hopeful anxious scared? Thanks to anyone who read all this and thanks for all the nice things you said on my last past