When I was a freshman, this boy was sitting next to me under a tree at lunch. We were alone, nobody was near us. While I was on my phone, he got my attention. I turned my attention towards him to find that he’d exposed himself. He demanded I started giving him oral sex and finished before somebody saw it. I said no. He kept pressing and even started grabbing my hand. I threatened that if he didn’t stop I’d scream “rape” which got him to stop, thank god. This left me feeling so dirty, ashamed and scared, especially when we’d pass eachother in the halls or have class together. A few days later, my dad and I were driving along in his truck and I finally decided that I couldn’t hold it in anymore. Telling my dad what happened took all the courage I had so I was terrified, but I did it. His response? He just laughs. Nothing else. That really Fucking hurt me, it was the day I realized my dad would never stand up for me against anyone. When I confronted him about it a few years later he yelled, “WELL, DONT YOU THINK THAT MADE ME KIND OF UNCOMFORTABLE!?”.... Yeah, Dad. I would get that if immediately after your uncomfortable little giggle you tried to comfort me and do something about this kid sexually harassing your daughter. But you never fucking did. That wasn’t the last time he failed to protect me or comfort me when somebody sexually assaulted me. I called my dad in tears the morning after my roommate assaulted me, my exact words were, “Dad, (his name) took advantage of me when I was drunk.”. His first response wasn’t to comfort me, ask if I was okay, ask what happened... nothing like that. There was not a hint of concern in his voice. He very simply said, “Well, these things happen, you’re young. Just don’t tell your boyfriend. It’s not a big deal, you don’t have to tell him, it’s not like you’re married.”. That’s right. From my hysterical crying and telling him that I had been taken advantage of while heavily inebriated, his immediate assumption was that I’d drunkenly cheated. It’s like he wasn’t even listening to a word I said!!! Addicts are so self absorbed that not only are they incapable of confronting their own demons, they can’t confront the demons attacking their own children. They can’t be bothered to deal with the burden of being put in a state of discomfort. How dare I waste the precious $40 they spent on vodka to get blackout shitfaced that night by killing the mood with my “stupid fucking kid problems”? And even when he wasn’t drunk? Still couldn’t handle it. The real world is even more impossible to deal with for him when his breath doesn’t smell like a medicine cabinet after an earthquake. It is beyond me how a navy SEAL of 20 years can have what it takes to kill god knows how many children with a split second to think about it but can’t get angry at one punk for flashing me and another guy for outright raping me. Then I realized the answer to why he can do one and can’t do the other are one in the same; he is, and always has been, completely and utterly emotionally broken (NOT TO BE MISCONSTRUED, I DO NOT think that all Navy SEALs are emotionally broken, I just think that the brand of emotionally broken my father is explains his behaviors and made him a perfect candidate for his military career. I respect the SEALs and the US military and ive met and become good friends with many people in the military through my father. I have so many “Uncle (so and so)s” from the base, it’s crazy, I adore them.). Situations that involve emotional intelligence or fatherly love hurt him. It’s like they scald him, while direct orders like, “You are ordered to kill ANYBODY who runs at you with a weapon or explosive.”, while undoubtedly still incredibly painful and traumatic for him, were things that he can do and schools of thought like, “they’ll grow up to be terrorists anyways” or “do you want this kid to survive, or your daughter to have a father?”, were enough to squander any emotional “weakness” he had in the moment. That would probably explain why he took the initiative to go on more than 13 deployments (I don’t remember the maximum amount of deployments the Navy can send you out on, but he definitely surpassed that number by willingly volunteering himself to go out on multiple deployments after that limit.), it’s easier for him to kill a child running at him with a firearm or, in his words, “watch a guy climb over a wall and in a split second his guts were spattered all over my face.”, than it is for him to emotionally fulfill his own daughter. I’m sorry I went on so long in this post, I’m a mess right now. I can’t stop crying. If you’ve gotten this far, thank you so much for reading this. I love you all, and hope things are going well with how you’ve decided to handle your relationship with your parent/s, going NC or otherwise.