(18F) My dad (50M) has had an ongoing substance abuse problem before I was even born. he is a binge drinker; even though he can go a decent period of time without alcohol, he eventually snaps and sneaks to the ABC store and chugs straight up vodka in his car, then enters the house extremely intoxicated. I call his alter-ego “Brock” because he gets very loud, rude, vulgar, and kind of scary when he’s drunk. He has these episodes and ends up passed out on the couch. He also tends to abuse painkillers once in awhile; he’s had various surgeries (shoulder, both hips, neck I think) and would be prescribed pills (muscle relaxants). When he is not drunk, he takes a few of these pills, which results in him being a less douchey version of “Brock.” Whether he is drunk or sober, he is TERRIBLY SEDENTARY. HE DOES NOT MOVE FROM THE COUCH. He will go to the grocery store for a couple hours almost biweekly and cooks a SURPLUS of food that we end up throwing away, making a mess in the kitchen, even though it’s legit three people in the house?? but other than that he does nothing other than sit on the couch and nap. I’m talking that he’ll wake up at 9 am, and then nap at 3 pm, then wake up at 4:45 pm, then go back to sleep at 5:30 pm and wake up at 7 pm. We’ve told him that he needs to start exercising, and go stop sleeping on the couch, but he never gets to it. He does not eat well either! He does not touch vegetables unless they’re covered in ranch or a bunch of butter, never eats fruit, only eats a SHIT TON of meat, cheese, and processed carbs (candy, chips, white bread, cake, white flour tortillas). My mom and I do ALL the chores, and my mom even resorted to mowing the lawn recently, even though that was always Dad’s thing... usually he would have a conniption if she touched the lawn mower, but that time when she did it he said nothing. Last night my mom and I were talking, and we noticed that he has not taken hardly ANY of his blood pressure medicine or testosterone. May I add that this man has HEMORRHOIDS?!?! His pee is really foamy and smells 3/4 of the time, which is likely from the three bottles of beer he has on a semi nightly basis, and now it’s BLOODY?!?! (Luckily I haven’t seen it but sadly my mom has). He is reluctant to better himself at all, and I am kind of convinced that he wants to kill himself. He’s a nice man when he’s sober, but he is still so far up his own ass that he doesn’t see ANYTHING wrong with his lifestyle. What do I do?!?!