I am currently a 17 year old female. I used to visit my grandmother every summer and during breaks from school. At the time, the only cousins who were close to my age were my abuser and another cousin (2 years older, F) I was much closer to my abuser due to how close we were in age. He was only 3 months younger than me, and we spent a lot of time together. From a young age we would kiss. I don't know why, but we did. As we got older, he would reach up my shirt to touch my breasts (we were still pre-pubescent). This made me extremely uncomfortable and I would push him away. This was about the time when i began to feel that there was something wrong with what we were doing. I began to stop letting him kiss me. I didn't like how it felt. It felt wrong. He would start trying to trick me into kissing him. One time, when we were playing a game, we were in a sleeping bag together (standing up with the sleeping bag over our heads) and he started to kiss me. I remember being so scared. I pushed and struggled to break out. When we'd play hide and seek with the other cousins he would hide with me and then try to kiss me. I can only clearly remember one time he did that. We hid in a closet and he started to try and get close to me and kiss me and I flew out of the closet. To give context to this next incident, when all of the cousins were younger, we would go into the bathroom when someone was showering and draw with the steam on the glass of the shower. As everyone got older, we stopped doing it. My abuser and I did it until I was probably 12. When I was 13 or 14, one day when I was showering he came into the bathroom. I told him to get out, while covering myself with my arms. He told me he just wanted to draw on the glass like when we were younger. I kept telling him to get out until he left. When he left I got out of the shower and relocked the door. Some of the doors are hard to lock at my grandmother's and I think I may not have fully locked the door. Since that incident, I triple check that the doors are locked. He's always been an ass. When I was 6 years old, my baby sister was born. When she was about 3, we maliciously bullied her. I was a horrible sister. As I got older, I matured. I began to argue with him when he bullied her. We were about 14 or 15. He should know better. He would argue back with all these excuses. It pissed me off. I began to become a very defensive sister. He used to bully me too. Always making fun of me and being rude. He made fun of me for the way I ate (I am an extremely picky eater, and last year I was Diagnosed with ARFID). He's just a horrible person in general. As I was typing this, I remembered another incident. I don't remember when this was but when we would go swimming we would play marco polo, and when he was "it" he would tag me by putting both his hands on my chest. I remember that making me uncomfortable. It's a very vague memory. Skipping forward to November of 2017. We were both 15. We were about to go to bed (I slept on the bed and he was on the floor) when he asked me if I had ever thought about having sex with him. I told him no. He asked if I wanted to have sex with him. and I told him "no, thats incest" he then said "not if I pull out" I don't remember how the rest of the conversation went, but the phrase "pulling out" has always triggered me since. This last incident is the worst and most traumatizing for me. In Early January (like the 1st or 2nd) of 2018, I spent the night at my Grandmother's again. When it was time to go to bed, one of my cousin's boyfriend was sleeping in the room I usually slept in. My abuser hadn't stayed the night the whole week. This night was the last night of the week that I was staying, and he decided to spend the night. I refused to sleep in the same room as him, so he stayed in the room we call the "kids room" and I slept on the couch. My sister slept with my grandmother in her room. As I was just about to fall asleep, he came out into the living room (he was playing video games in the kids room) I asked him what he wanted and he said he was just checking to see if I was asleep and then left. Oddly, I didn't think anything of it. I fell asleep and then woke up some time later to his face in my face. He dove down to the ground as if I wouldn't notice. I'm pretty sure I asked him what he was doing but I don't remember what he said, and then he left to go play video games again. this happened at least 2 more times, but on the third time, he didn't leave. He just sat there on his phone. I finally asked him what he wanted and all I remember is him saying "sometimes when I see you i just want to-" He then grabs my breast, squeezes it, and lets go. I freak out telling him to leave and to get away from me. he told me to promise not to tell anyone and then left. His light went off not long after that. I stayed up for at least 2 hours after this. I was mortified. I kept crying and burying myself under my blanket. The next day I wore 3 bras (I had thin training bras but it still packed my chest in). I didn't tell anyone for 4 months. I only said something because I had told my (then) Boyfriend about what happened and he told me I really need to tell someone and that he was worried. I told my mom, who told my dad, who told his brother (my abuser's dad) My dad told me that his brother was so angry that he worried that his brother would beat the shit out of my abuser. To this day my dad's brother and my cousin (the female who is 2 years older than me) have been the only one's on my dad's side of the family who have been truly supportive. I don't want to get into the awful things my grandmother has said to me about the situation. The last time I saw him was his sister's wedding, and I was miserable. Another one of my cousins is getting married this summer, and I think I'm finally strong enough to face him and not have a panic attack. Thank you for reading this. It helps so much to get it off my chest.