I don’t really know what I’m doing (first time posting on reddit). A few months ago I began to have some symptoms related to my heart. I went  to my pediatrician and they referred me to a cardiologist. The doctor didn’t really think I had anything and was not going to do any tests until my dad pushed for a heart monitor to be requested for me. One day while I was wearing the heart monitor(1 month) the company called my mom and asked if I was alright. Apparently I had four beats of ventricular tachycardia. The hospital called and made an appointment for some tests and a visit with another doctor. I had an echo done (even though they can’t say anything I could tell by the way she pressed really hard over a area that she couldn’t see something). We went into a room and waited for the doctor and he came and explained why they called for another appointment and that the technician had difficulty seeing my right coronary artery and that he suspected I had an aberrant one. After that he prescribed beta blockers and told me not to exercise. A few weeks later they scheduled a ct scan and a stress test, I ended getting a clear diagnosis and I didn’t have a episode regarding the stress test. I finally got an appointment with a coronary artery specialist who explained my condition, and that in most cases surgery is not needed to correct the defect but that they would wait for the mri to decide. I continued taking the beta blockers until they called a few weeks later for a mri. I was held after the test for more than hour to make sure my heart rate went down after all the medicine they pumped in me. A few weeks passed after the test and they still hadn’t called with the results so naturally my mom began to get impatient and ending up calling them to see what the doctors had discussed in their group. The nurse said that everything looked ok but that they hadn’t gone over my file because there had been too many patients. We waited for one more week and called my doctor and we never seemed to call at the right time so more weeks passed. Three weeks passed and we finally got a call and it was my doctor, she explained to my dad that she was concerned that my artery looked narrow which could lessen blood flow. She said she had ordered another 1 month heart monitor for me(currently wearing it).Then we were (again) scheduled to see another doctor, this time a surgeon to discuss the option of open heart surgery. It was two days ago, and basically it was him saying that it could work and it could not. Due to the fact that they have no idea if my defect is causing my arrhythmia or if it’s something else entirely. He told us that you could basically drop dead at any time due to it (this is a condition that kills a lot of young athletes sadly)but he also told us that they have no way on knowing. My parents are extremely fearful of going through an invasive surgery just to have it be something else. I am going to refuse it and since I’m almost 18 I think I’m gonna stop going to the hospital altogether. I just feel alone and kinda confused, even though I know my decision. I wondered if I should post it and I guess I finally did. Also sorry for the long post lol.