This might be a little long and possibly complex story and I'd like to begin with warning you of any potential triggers. Bear with me. Okay, I was born in Cuba, in a small, poor village. My dad was sexually abusive, I'm not even sure when it started, maybe when I was born. He did that to me and to my twin brother. I have five other siblings but I can't remember any of those things happening to them. It was always only me and my brother. My dad used to abuse us as a form of punishment. He would also excuse his behavior as teaching us "how not to be faggots". I guess he had a complex about that. He would scream and yell at me for helping my mom in the kitchen, as apparently I was acting like a sissy. Same goes with playing with my sister or having longer hair. He tried really hard to make his 5? year old kids to be as masculine as possible. And according to him, regular sexual abuse was a great way to achieve that. One of the things he did was forcing me and my brother to do that stuff to each other. I think it was more traumatizing than all the rest. Especially that there were moments where it was actually causing our bodies to react accordingly to those actions. After we moved to America it all stopped. As if my dad was afraid of the authorities, we were living in a bigger city, we had neighbors and people talked. You know, the circumstances were generally less tempting. I guess the change of, basically everything cause my brain to repress all of my previous memories. They resurfaced later in my life, in my early 20s, after I was medically discharged from military and I started seeing a therapist. It's been six years since then. Six years of alcohol abuse, heroin addiction, constant self harm and multiple suicide attempts. Now there comes a situation with my brother. When I was 18 my dad kicked me out. For being gay, very logical. My brother didn't do anything, he basically shrugged it off and let me live in the streets with no money, no future and no one to turn to. All the next years I was so angry at him. But we weren't in touch. I heard from him two years ago. Apparently his life treated him better than mine did. He's now married, he has a baby girl and he works as a history teacher. We've been hanging out from time to time and pretending like he didn't abandon me 12 years earlier. Now let's finally get to the point. One day I tried bringing up our childhood, and what our dad did to us. My brother didn't believe me. He called me a liar and he told me to get out. I feel like his reaction was strange and it could be interpreted in many ways. I'm just wondering if there's anything I can do to make him remember. Or maybe it's better for him that he doesn't. Maybe I should just leave it this way and let him consider me a liar for the rest of our lives.