I don't know what to do. Im 20 and in university so i'm sorry if I shouldn't be posting here but I was reading some posts and felt like it might be worthwhile to say something. I have never mentioned my csa (that was hard to type) to anyone ever, mostly because I didn't remember that it had happened until I was 16 and my mom said something that brought the reality of it to the surface which resulted in me having my first panic attack. I purposefully try not to think about it and i push down any thoughts of it as soon as they cross my mind because i'm really scared that i'm going to remember more and it will be worse. But anyway, the guy that did it was a close family friend about 8 years older than me that we continued to spend a lot of time with even after our parents found out what he was doing and made me tell them about it. I don't remember what I said to them but I know I lied about the extent of it so I think they were under the impression he was inappropriate once and that was it. but that wasn't the case, it had been going on for years i'm pretty sure but I honestly only have flashes of different times when he would lock me in rooms with him. But it's been over 10 years now and our dads got into a fight over money when i was around 13 and we stopped seeing them. Then around 2 years ago the guy's sister, who was my first and best friend for a very long time, posted on facebook that she was pregnant and I reached out to congratulate her and we've talked on and off since then. But now that her baby is almost 2 and so cute I am starting to worry that the guy will do to his niece what he did to me. I don't know if that is a stretch or if i'm being dramatic but it has been causing me a lot of anxiety because i would never forgive myself if I found out I could have done something if i spoke up and got him away from my friend's daughter. I have no idea what the statute of limitations is with csa and especially since I have repressed most of what happened so i probably wouldn't be much help to the police. I'm also reluctant because i still really care about the rest of his family and I am worried about the effect this will have on them, especially if i'm wrong and he never would have hurt anyone else again. I apologize if this is really vague and confusing but it was really difficult to write. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.