I f(22) went to the doctors today to get a well women’s exam. I couldn’t get through it without crying. She referred me to a family crisis center to start therapy. I couldn’t stop crying,. I didn’t want to cry but I was scared and anxious and I couldn’t handle being touched  or naked infront of a my doctor(f). I don’t know or understand how to say what I feel or what happened because I only remembered little things.  I’m afraid to say anything I feel like no one will believe me when I go down the list and talk about every occurrence one after the other. I feel like it’s my fault or like what happened doesn’t count and that I need to get over it. I want to like myself but I feel stupid for posting this ... I don’t really have anyone to talk to. I’m not sure if I even belong in this sub reddit. My uncle by marriage liked me a lot as a child. He would have me sit next to him, on top of him, lay on him, sit in his lap, sit on his knee etc it always happened when I was visiting family for the summer. When I was in 5th grade my cousin (uncles daughter) passed away, the night before her funeral when we were all together at my grandmothers house he had my aunt (by blood) call me into a room to meet him, it was during the rosary, everyone was gathered in the living room praying for my cousin and no one was paying attention or even thought it could happen... what I’m trying to say is, it was family so everyone was comfortable. He had my aunt call me Into a room for him, he had me join him in bed, he started talking to me about things that I didn’t understand the one question I won’t forget is this “ what do you think of your cousins girlfriend” why would a 9 year old have an opinion on that? I didn’t, he pulled me on to him and had his hands on my hips, he had me straddle him while he touched and pressed into me asking me stupid questions about shit I didn’t know about...the summer after that when I was visiting for the summer and he attempted multiple times to take me for rides alone with just him in his semi. The only reason it didn’t happen is because he made the mistake of trying to get me in the truck with my older brother standing next to me, my parents came to get us that day and I’ve hardly been home to visit since ... I never told them.  I have had some really bad luck in relationships and sex and just loving myself in general and I as much as I want to be okay and I want all of things that have happened to not trouble me they do and it’s gotten really hard the last two weeks.