I'm 37M and have been separated for six months. I met my 43F AP on Tinder about six weeks ago right before quarantine.  After my 10 years of marriage I am not and have not been looking for a serious relationship/ LTR. I've hooked up with six different women since I separated from my STBXW.  My AP has been married 23 years and her husband knows about us. He has even text me to say he is glad his wife has found someone she really likes and he does not want to interfere. It's kind of weird, but I've been rolling with it.  I moved out of my marital home and into my big sister's house with her two teenage children, so I refuse to host. Now during quarantine my AP's SO and their kids are home all day everyday. As a result my AP and I have had to be creative in meeting up and hooking up, mainly having sex in her car or under cover of darkness outdoors in private areas. It has been exciting and adventurous, but with the social limitations it's getting a bit stale - no real dates like dinner and a movie, etc. This is where we have begun heading in opposite directions. She has clearly stated she wants a steady boyfriend and a LTR and emotional connection. I've told her we can be really good friends and still continue to see each other, but I am not able to mentally or emotionally commit on a deep level right now. I have a lot on my mind, I'm very stressed going through my divorce and custody battle, and a few other personal issues I'm dealing with. I have been enjoying my AP as an escape, perhaps that makes me shallow, but the social and sexual aspect of our relationship works for me. Supposedly (not saying it's untrue) my AP had a seven year LTR that ended last November (same time I separated), and I know she misses him. I am believe that my AP is not as ready as she says she is for that kind of relationship again, but she is being very persistent in showing her desire for a committed LTR. I've already told her I am not able to offer that right now, but I will take it as it comes.  I've tried to reassure her that I am not seeing anyone else and I'm not even chatting with girls on the dating apps right now, (because I know we aren't meeting anytime soon.)  Another gap in our relationship is that she seems to think that when quarantine is over, we will be spending even more time together - while contrarily I have clearly told her when I'm able to go out and hang out with my friends again, I plan to do that. Plus I'll be working more. What I haven't said is that chances are high that I will meet and interact with other women, some women I was actually already talking to, and have been on dates with before I met my AP and before quarantine.  I feel okay with this because there IS a clearly defined ceiling on our relationship. She does not have inclinations of divorcing her husband. She wants a boyfriend but I feel all she can be for me is a side piece until I'm ready to get into a serious relationship with someone else.  I have been honest with her about my emotional availability and how I am prioritizing my life, but she's being super clingy and has set expectations that are unrealistic. I have my life to live and I'm not going to blow emotional energy into building a relationship doomed to end pretty much from the start. I don't know what I'm looking for here on reddit, just your opinions and thoughts I suppose. Thanks for reading.