Context: Im currently 16 years old and I’m going into my junior year of high school. I live with my Mom Dad and sister who are all religious and believe in God. Me however doesn’t believe in God and am an atheist. I haven’t confronted my parents about my atheism because I’m afraid of how they’ll react. On top of that, I like listening to a lot of music that have explicit lyrics and once again I haven’t told them about that because from experience they get genuinely disgusted from hearing those type of lyrics and bad words in general. I also tend to use profanity when I’m not around them as that’s how I choose to express myself and communicate but I got in trouble one time where they told me this was a profanity free household and that no one in the family should use vulgar language. I constantly feel a sense of fear that one day they will find out about this other side of me that’s very different from how I act in front of my parents. I’m naturally very humorous and always love to crack jokes but my family aren’t always accepting of my humorous personality and whenever they’re in a bad mood they’ll shoot my jokes down and it’ll always put me in a bad mood. I always here that in order to achieve happiness, you should cut out all the negative people in your life but I dunno how I could do that with my own family. Now don’t get the wrong idea, they don’t abuse me, they still feed me and put a roof over my head and I can tell they still love me which makes me even more confused as idk if I’m just being selfish or what. I absolutely have no idea what to do because I’m one hand I don’t wanna keep living in a house where I have to constantly be secretive of what I listen to and control what I say before a curse word rolls off my tongue (they once got mad at me when I said the word dang as a 15 year old.) But on the other hand I don’t wanna be seen as being a dickhead who ups and leaves his family and on top of that I’m still 16 so I can’t get out and live in my own yet. Sorry this was long but I had to get my feelings out there as I’m genuinely lost and have no idea what to do. Can anyone please help and give me advice on what I can do?