I kinda uncomfortable around men and my mom got a boyfriend. They have been talking for only 2 months but they seem to be really in love and meet up all the time on her days off. He is also divorced and has 3 girls all younger than me. I was excited and happy for my mom since she seemed really happy and she said absolutely great things about him. He is apparently some famous architect that worked together with many famous people such as Will Smith and one of Trump's friends (idk my mom just told me randomly) and other celebrities idk. Me and my mom are I would say lower middle class so I thought it was so cool that he's rich, has a Tesla, big vacation houses, and travels around the world for his job. Most importantly though I was relieved that with his job (working with big people and stuff) it seems that he should be outgoing or at least pretty easy to talk to/get along with. This important again because I'm pretty uncomfortable around grown men and now especially with what happened my mom's last boyfriend. He is building a huge house right now since his last house burnt down some time ago. It's in a rich location with a lot of space (like its where there is a lot of forest and you have to drive from a small road into the house sry idk how to explain) and in a rich neighborhood which should finish in 2 months or so. This would be coolio and all if only he didn't ask my mom to move in with him after the house finished construction.... yeah and need I remind you that they know each other for 2 MONTHS!! He hasn't even met me yet and my mom hasn't met his kids either. The kids are eager to talk to her and everything, like texting and I think they talked to each other by phone. Anyway I was, like well alright I guess it's fine I mean they are excited about my mom and my mom seems to really like the dude so it should be okay. I'm already used to moving since we haven't stayed anywhere longer than 4 years and move all the time and besides this seems like a good thing y'know, who wouldn't want to live in a big mansion and have people at home. However today me and my mom were talking how we should all introduce ourselves and get to know each other and stuff and she told me that her bf wanted to do something like my mom meets his kids alone and he meets with me alone as well. Of course I don't want to do that though! I am already shy enough and meeting with him one on one makes me pretty uncomfortable. I mean if his kids meet with my mom alone I guess it's fine since they are all girls and there will be 3 of them together with my mom while I would be all alone with him! I feel like I can't tell my mom that since telling her I'm uncomfortable with grown men makes me embarrassed somehow and who knows if she tells her bf what I said! It wouldn't be the first time she told a boyfriend something I said about him which I thought was confidential :/ So I just told her my idea of just all of us meeting up somewhere and just all of us just play some Monopoly or something since that is the best way I feel like to open up and have fun together. I told her this other times whenever she brings up the topic of how all of us could get to know each other and she just brushes me off every time. Anyway today when we were talking about this again she told me he wants to do the one on one thing so we could get to know each other better blablabla and he could relate to me since his mom was a single mother yadayadayada and them bam my mom tells me out of nowhere that he said to her something like, yeah I might not/what if I don't like her who knows. For some reason this just hit me really hard idky. I feel like a rock is in my chest and feel like crying. Maybe it's the way she said it or maybe that I just never expected it which makes me really sad and even more anxious to even talk to him let alone meet him. It's like a heavy burden coming out of nowhere of making him like me somehow. Now I don't even want to hear about him and avoid the whole situation forever. Now I know this is bad since I really do want my mom to be happy but I kinda want her to break up with him and this might seem too much or that I'm blowing it off of proportion but if they are still dating doesn't it mean I have to meet him eventually?! And if he knows I'm avoiding him it would be so embarrassing and so much worse! I don't know what to do at all. I feel so anxious and feel like crying and stay in my room all day. If only she never told me this I would have been still so excited for meeting potential future little sisters and finally having a normal family but now I just want to completely avoid it. What should I do???