I’m a 21 year old female and I’ve been with the same guy since I was 16. We just recently got married in 2019. However, the honey moon stage is over.. non existent. We argue everyday.  Everything he does makes me angry.  We’ve been through a lot and we were raised completely different. I have a hard time forgiving him for the things he has done, things he has said to me, and things he’s pressured me to do. He dropped out of college twice and works full time at a chicken plant. He’s been handed everything his entire life because his family has money. Mine doesn’t so I’ve had to work for everything I have. I’m a junior in college majoring in business management. I’ve always wanted to be in the military and he knows that; however, now that he knows I’m serious about commissioning as an officer after college, he is completely against it. He says he doesn’t want to wait to have kids. He doesn’t want to move them around their whole lives. He doesn’t want to move out of the state and definitely not across seas. He wants his family to be around to see our kids grow up. Which I get, but it’s not their life. We can visit or so could they. He doesn’t want me to make a career out of the military and I do. Honestly I don’t know what to do. My family is completely supportive of my desire to serve. His family is not. I know he is my family, since we’re married, but he is not supportive. I got cussed out for getting a tattoo. And I got told my face was embarrassing and ruined when I got my nose pierced. “I thought you’d have more respect for yourself!” Wtf Why would I expect him to support me moving him away from his family? Am I the selfish one here because I don’t see what is holding him here when he works at a chicken plant? I feel like we’re on two different paths. And we’ve only been married for 6 months. Don’t get me wrong, this is not to make him sound awful because I know it goes two ways. I’ve never claimed to be a good person,  but I am supportive and I do not judge him.  What am I doing with my life? Any advice on this? We’ve already discussed the fact that I don’t know if could be with him without resentment if  I did not commission in. And he would definitely resent me if I did. I don’t want him to feel like I’ve waisted his life because he is 23 and wants a family. He says he loves me, but honestly I don’t think he knows how to. But I don’t think I know how to either. This is toxic. I need advice desperately.