So to start it off heavy, ive had abandonment issues since 2017, from a traumatic experience where all my social circle got fucked up, and i met my current best friend in my first year in college. We became heavy best friends but by the end of the first year i told him i liked him and he thought i took advantage of him and stopped talking to me.  The trauma was even worse the second time. The second year we reconnected but things were way, and i mean way different, and that caused a hit of problems between us because i missed the way he was, and because i knew it was only with me because i saw how he acted with everyone else. So as you would imagine, we fought a lot that first semester of the second year, because he was treating me way differently and worse than other people, which be admitted to in december, but then this year i decided to start bettering myself, trying to work out my issues and stuff, and things were improving... well i should say i started to get used to the new version of him, but then i noticed that he slowly started to put work in communicating with me. So things were improving, but then this quarsntine thing happened and ive felt more alone than always, because he basically ignores me all day long and then texts me in the evening or in the night to play online with me, but he just sometimes seems uninterested even when we play (which is the only time i speak to him). And everyday more and more ive felt worse and worse about the situation, and i know i cant tsll him anything because thats just not right, i cant force him to be my friend or talk to me, but it just feels horrible knowing hes not like this to anyone else but me (which might be my mental illness acting up and making it bigger than it is in my head, but the evidence is there) and im scared that if i tell him we should take a break that hes finally gonna be fed up and never want to talk to me again... what should i do? Should i keep hanging on and waiting for things to get better? Should i cut things off between him and i? Should i do something im not considering in this post? Please help, i feel horrible and its not letting me concentrate on my studies... i feel like hes tired of me, but i cant ask him about it because it is what the old me would do constantly and hes fed up with that..