So, I moved in with some family members, we’ll call them Amy and Tracy. I had anxiety problems so I never got a job before I turned 18 and still don’t have one. We haven’t had a car since December and there’s nowhere close to where I can get a job. The closest would be about a 45-50 minute walk. I’d be walking twice a day, during the day and at night by myself. I have no friends where I live or family members that I can ask. I’m a 5-foot-female with no muscle and there are creepy people everywhere in my town. I have no money at all and I don’t want anymore money from them. They’ve done too much for me. I’m finding it difficult to continue to live with them because I’ve realized that Tracy has narcissistic traits and an abusive problem. I lived with both of them when I was a child and was happiest with them when I was a child despite the physical abuse that was happening. Nothing has gone terribly wrong but there have been times where I literally will have to stand in between them as one screams directly into my ear and the other is putting all of her weight on me. When she yells in my face, I get scared that she might physically hurt me too. She never has though. I just thought that maybe there was like one problem that needed to be solved that was causing all of these hostile actions and that I could help fix. When I was younger, I witnessed my biological mother (who has passed away from a drug overdose) get in physical fights with Tracy. One night, both of them ganged up on Amy who is disabled. That’s a traumatic thing that I’ll never get over and have never talked about. Amy always reminds me about how I never called the police when I was younger and how I never will because “I don’t care about her”. I guess I have sympathy because they went through way worst when they were growing up. & I always felt bad about never standing up and saying something. I was scared and a deer caught in headlights on nights like that, because I guess I knew everything would go back to normal the next day, then it would happen again. Amy would always call me at school while I was living with a different relative (after she’s provoked Tracy or lost Tracy’s things) and tell me that I let Tracy hurt her by not calling the cops, but I lived in a different county, a different city. Anyway, one has feelings they’ve repressed for so long, along with diabetes and PTSD and never got professional help. The other needs constant reassurance even after everything between us is fine and will remind me that Tracy is doing this to tear mine and Amy’s relationship apart. She always does this to Tracy when Tracy is out with friends. Always accusing and assuming. Btw, I am fine. There is no physical abuse going on anymore. But there is a lot of screaming, hitting doors, crying and manipulating. What should I do?