So i just started talking to this girl on new years eve and we have Been talking daily ever since and have even went and met her 3-4 times. She talked me about how a guy she was friends with had started to blackmail her by telling her that if she didn't want to be in a relationship with him he wouldn't want to be friends with her at all and this seriously fucked this girl up as according to her she's "addicted" to him but thinks of him as just a good friend but didn't want to lose him either even as he insulted and basically was manipulating her. I put the whole situation in front of her without taking sides and asked her to get closure ond way or another about being friends and Making it work or not. She responded positively and told me that she had stopped talking to him. I tried to tell her that things will be fine but she stopped responding to my messages. A couple of days later i checked up on her and we met up. I asked her about why he wasn't responding and she said that it was because she was in a bad mood and was glad that i didn't take offense and not contact her again as that's what most people usually do and she doesn't have a lot of friends because of this behavior. I just played it off and said that although it's absolutely not acceptable behavior in my books it's cool because i knew that it was just the way she is. When I asked if she would have reached out had i not texted her first again she said, no but told me that it was only because of the type of person she is. Fast forward to a couple of days ago and she decided to end things with this guy permanently and asked for my opinion on it i told her to do whatever she felt was the right thing to do after thinking over it she said yes and then again stopped responding to messages on me checking up on her. Yesterday i finally asked if she was OK. And she told me not to text her as she's not in the mood and added that it's not to be taken personally. I told her that it's ok and that she should text me whenever she feels like it and she didn't respond. Knowing her i don't think she's going to be texting me unless i text her first. But the word i gave and my self respect are against this whereas i still want to be friends. So basically i don't know what to do now. Am i doing something wrong here ? Please help.