I’m 20 and have been in and out of school for about two years now. Honestly I didn’t want to even start university at the time I did because I didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life and didn’t want to go into debt over something I wasn’t sure about but my parents said no and I was promptly sent to a 4 year university. Worse things to happen in this world, I know. I was undecided my first year and a half when I had a mental breakdown in the middle of my second year and decided to dropout and move back to my hometown in Canada without telling anyone. My parents (who lived in the state I was studying in in America) found out and had me come home. I was miserable. Like completely and utterly miserable at the school I was at. I wouldn’t get out of bed for days, my big in my sorority had to drag me out of my room to eat, I wasn’t going to class. I was a mess. And when I was brought home (back to my parents house) I was even more miserable. I didn’t have a job and I just sat around for a year. My parents make fairly good money so they supported me. Which I’m not proud of but I was a severely depressed 19 year old so...I mean it happened. While they did support me they were constantly on me about going back to school and getting a job. They wanted me to do both when i couldn’t even do one. I was going to therapy and trying to figure everything out and they were rushing me to get through it. At one point my mom was drunk and berating me in front of one of my very close friends who has known my family for years and she literally described it as “bullying” when we finally left. I ended up leaving therapy early and enrolling in school to make my parents happy. I didn’t want to be there and I didn’t know what I wanted to do still. My mom ended up getting a job in Chicago so I had to leave mid semester to go with her. When we got to Chicago i enrolled in school and I hated it there too. Again, had no idea what I wanted to do. I was working too and i has never done it both at the same time. It was a lot and my parents just kept encouraging me to put more on my plate. I cracked and quit going to class, hiding it from my parents. I failed both semesters this year. The problem I had all of those years was not knowing what I wanted to do. Recently a friend told me I should look into accounting because I’m really good with money and investing. I help my friends out with their budgets and whatnot and I really enjoy it so it makes sense. I get really excited about it and figure out a way to tell my parents I think I know what I wanna do and my dad literally went “I’m tired of playing your games, you need to own up to your actions”.  It didn’t make sense. Like none of it made sense at all. I told them my plan of going back to community college for a year, taking a few classes part time to get my GPA up and then applying to the online uni that my employer pays tuition for to finish my degree so i dont have to go into anymore debt. It’s probably the most sensible plan I’ve ever had. It hurt my feelings when my dad basically brushed me off his shoulder. I think a lot of my indecisiveness and lack of confidence comes from my parents not believing in me and disregarding my feelings when it comes to my life decisions (ie. sending me to college with no real plan on what I was doing there). I don’t know very many 20 year olds who have life figured out. Neither of them have degrees but are pretty successful so they want me to get a degree so I don’t have to struggle in my early years like they did which I get but they don’t want to work with me at all when it’s me doing the work. They push all their expectations onto me with no warning and then get mad at me when I fail. I’m just so tired of not being treated like an adult. I’m not stupid, I’ll get my degree. I’m just trying to do it in the smartest way possible. They don’t seem to understand that. I don’t know how to talk to them and at this point I don’t even know if I want to. I turn 21 in 3 months and while I do still live with them I don’t think I really am obligated to tell them intimate details of my life. I have so many goals that they just laugh at or brush off as me dreaming even though I am actively and aggressively saving and working towards those goals. It hurts my feelings, them not believing in me. How do I talk to them about this? Do I even bother? What do I do? I need help. This is my life I’m talking about and I feel like they’ve already just given up on me.