Hello, I am a 16 year old teen who’s going through a really rough patch, ik people go through way worse and I feel selfish for posting this but here it goes. I’ve been having very extreme suicidal thoughts recently. I think it mostly stems from the loneliness I’m having due to corona, let me explain better. So before quarantine I was homeschooled for around 6 months, I began getting very mentally unstable during this period of time, I broke my hand during a breakdown in this time. But then I got into a school. Everything was great I was mentally good and mentally healthy, I even got a girlfriend, and then we got the stay at home order a few weeks after I got into the school. me and my girlfriend broke up just recently due to that. I can’t leave the house, I’m an only child with my parents. And the mental instability is resuming from my homeschooled era and I’m not sure if I can handle it. It’s mostly at night that I feel like this. I ponder on the idea of suicide and every night I feel like I get closer to doing it and I’m not sure how I am gonna do this. I truly feel that the only thing stopping me is my parents finding their lifeless son in his bedroom, but by the way they downplay my pleas for help im not sure if that’s gonna stop me soon. My parents have a older style of thinking with the common phrase of “everybody’s in quarantine if they can handle it so can you” and so on. They won’t even bother listening to my cries for help. I’ve sat down and talked to them about trying to get me a psychological evaluation and they tell me I’m fine and I don’t need it. I know people are going through way worse in the world so I hate to post something like this but it’s really my cry for help. I don’t know if I can take this much longer. It’s like I’ve been dropped back off into my homeschooled era but this time I can’t see a single soul other then my mother and father. I do have a sister (when I said the only child I meant only in the home) and they won’t even let me see her. even with both my parents here I still feel alone. I’ve been losing appetite and weight over the last weeks. I can’t focus on the school assignments. I just space off at walls. Please somebody give me some form of advice to if not stop my destructive mindset, to at least slow it down from taking over cause I truly don’t know how long I can handle this.