I throughly enjoy my current job.. it works out with my insurance, gets the bills paid and I make my own hours. And I enjoy what I do and I do a damn good job bc I’m slightly ocd/ perfectionist about it. And I’m usually a pretty upbeat kinda person.   I am an early 30s female working around all men which I’ve been doing for 7+ years so I’m not bothered by much and have no problem getting my hands dirty which happens everyday. My boss’ step son works there as well and has a drug problem, as well as another employee, which he’s already been fired for once in the 5-6 months I’ve been there. And hired back. Right before he got fired, I started picking up on the vibe from my boss’ 2nd in command that I wasn’t trust worthy I guess you could say. I’ve never taken anything from anyone at any time the entire time I’ve worked there or anywhere I’ve ever worked for that matter. I’m honestly just not that type of person. I don’t have that kinda mindset. I was raised to treat others how you want to be treated. When the step son got fired everything went back to normal. For a week. Until my boss let him come back. And it’s only escalated since. To the point of My bosses, coworkers, vendors, and even family members that work next door (yes they gotten everyone involved) constantly popping in unexpectedly trying to catch me doing what Idk (like prolly 15-30 times a day when before it wasn’t unexpected and maybe 5 times a day to just check in), waiting til I leave and tearing everything I’ve done apart and putting it back together before I come back the next day, Getting me to run an errand suddenly so they can review my work while I’m gone, putting cameras in the bathroom (very illegal I know but have no intentions on getting them in trouble), going thru my truck and belongings when I’m not around and now they’ve got a spy camera set up but only watching me mind you. YOU CANT CATCH SOMEBODY DOING SOMETHING THEYRE NOT DOING!  The first time I spoke to my boss about the situation, it helped mine and his friendship but only made 2nd in command worse. That was 2-3 weeks ago. It had gotten so bad that I said something again couple days ago bc it was affecting my home life. THE STRESS OF BEING FALSLY ACCUSED IS THE ONLY FUCKING THING IM TAKING HOME WITH ME. And at this point even if I was that kind of person, over my dead body would a take a fuckin thing bc I’ll be damned if I give them the satisfaction of being right. So now no ones allowed to speak to me, my boss and mines friendship is severely strained, every move I make is being watched, videoed, and talked about. For one I don’t like my name being slandered. And I really don’t like the fact it’s hurt my relationship with my boss. I think a lot of him and have a lot of respect for him.  I was going to quit but I have since changed my mind. Why should I be punished for a crime I ain’t committed? I don’t have another job lined up and even if I did, i like where I’m at. Well I did. Now it extremely awkward and tense. They refuse to believe anyone else might be doing it but couple days before the step son got fired, my boss went home and opened his safe which had been cleaned out and guess who had been there twice in one day? You guessed it. The step son. My boss has court for the next couple days so I don’t have to go to work Thank you Jesus! I need advice on how to tread when I do go back. I’m so stressed out. If it gets much worse I’m gonna snap and punch the step son in the face. In my opinion, he’s not a good person.