I have a friend (let’s call him M) who I have fallen out with. This is due to us slowly falling out over time and beefing a bit. I will share our views. My view is that I have a friend (called K) who has done pretty horrible things to me but for some reason I still hang out with him. I also have a friend called AJ who I talked to earlier about the fighting with M. I asked AJ if we can do part of our work (since we have schools shut and we have been sent work) but AJ declined because he is in a group with M and someone called S who do parts of work and share it to each other. I then told AJ this is because M is ratty (which I really think S is because it’s obvious he doesn’t like me). AJ then told M this and M got mad and thought I crossed the line. Because I was in a bit of a mood I said that M’s remix on something was gay (but not really meant seriously). M then said things about me sarcastically. We then took the beef to the dm’s. I told M I trust him and good friendships are built on trust and true liking. M doesn’t like the fact I still hang out with K due to the events that happened in the past with me and K. M then said that I destroyed his build in Minecraft which M thought was annoying (only because we were building a Walmart and he didn’t cooperate). From looking at our earlier conversations with M I see that M hates K and apparently M thinks I’m untrustworthy at this time which is false. His personality has slowly changed from being a funny guy who likes memes and joking to a serious guy. Looking into the start of today (start of beef) I see that M told me something that happened in school. In our DT class I noticed M had changed personality wise as M was telling me to shut up. Due to this I took his DT work and hid it from him for a few minutes before giving it back. M then says that I avoid him (I don’t imo) and on Xbox if we are in the same party K would always be there and call M salty. I join in for banter until he leaves. I did this because I remember playing gta with him and he killed me several times for no reason at all. I then left but they then joined my server and kept killing me. M then says that K talks about me behind my back saying ‘I want things done my way’ which is true but untrue. M writes a few paragraphs, the main point being in school I treat him negatively compared to K. M then gives me 3 options: 1, pretend to be friends like we have been for some time. 2, ignore each other and don’t be friends anymore. 3, actually be friends. Of course I choose 3 but M begins to say 2 is the most realistic. I then ask if he wants to end our friendship there, which he then says yes to due to the fact I suck up to K. We argue a bit more before M says when we play soccer he plays with his close friends (not including me). After a while I finally ask what option he wants to do. He hasn’t wrote back. What do I do?