This is a throwaway account and email, it would be mortifying if anyone I knew read this. So basically to start from the beginning I go to a really small school that is basically catholic school. I can't really explain why the school is so small no one really knows. There are very few students and a lot of the students that are there are international students. That really isn't the issue but there is a significant language barrier that keeps us from interacting and in the end, both parties give up and since there is already a group of international students they feel at home. I am gonna try to limit the description of myself but just for some background, I am much younger than all the students I am in class with and it's pretty isolating. I don't have any close friends as all the ones I've had in the past left due to the situation in the school and we end up naturally drifting apart. When I entered 9th-grade last year every single classmate from the previous year transferred and I was alone, despite that fact I became close with two girls in my class that I had a large age gap with. It was pretty stressful being friends with people much older than me because I was always thinking "do they think I'm annoying", "am I too immature", "I am scared to come to them with my insecurities or concerns because won't they think they are silly and would think poorly of me". Despite that, the year went mostly smoothly and although I was aware of the situation in school I was pretty happy. Then come this year the situation changed dramatically. The previous 5 teachers we had for the entire school, including a member of the administration who taught classes, turned to 3 and the school shrank farther, and the most hurtful part to me for some reason I wish I knew and I spent so much time trying to figure out why I was iced out from my 3 person friend group. It still affects me today and although I understand I could die right now and those girls wouldn't care I still cry thinking of the days when they would say good morning, shared funny posts on Instagram, or sat and ate lunch with me and wonder what did I do and what is wrong with me.  My education isn't very good as my math and science teacher is an administrator who teaches alg 1,2 pre-calc, calc 1,2, bio, and physics. You probably don't believe me but if you saw how it's taught it makes more sense. I don't have a history course or what some people call social studies and my English or writing course is taught by a teacher who 1. doesn't have credentials that relate to the class, 2. can't teach, and 3.  admitted themselves that the only reason they teacher here is because their spouse's job was outsourced and she needs to pay the bills. Them my civics teacher, ugh where do I start; he doesn't teach the class instead he takes some passages from the internet and asks some questions for hw. We have a book but have used it about 3 times the whole year. Also, I've never tried and ended the 3rd quarter with a 98. And the part that makes him the worst is how uncomfortable students, and I feel around him. He is very touchy, makes comments, and has wandering eyes. I really care and want a good education but all I get out of this place is a nice grade on my transcript. Also, the environment is so toxic and it's very tense. No one is happy to be there and it's very isolating. To get a feeling of how a day in my life goes, I get up in the morning knowing my day will be just as shit as the last,  I get on the bus which is a broken van which  I'm 40% sure failed inspection but it's cool, arrive at school and try to speed walk past THE teacher before I bang my  head so hard against a wall i won't  wake up, get completly ignored