So I live with this man. I have for 3 years and we have been dating for 4. He’s amazing when sober. He has always struggled with alcohol unfortunately because of this our relationship has been very bumpy. A lot of terrible things have happened and hes told me many times he will stop drinking for good. He tends to drive and think he’s sober as hell when he’s blacked out. He’s had a dui and I had to drive him around for two years. I would wake up at 4:50am to take him to his job. Now he’s got an amazing job but works with all alcoholics. They literally drink at the store. He asked me to get all the alcohol out of the house which I did. But he came home drunk and drove himself every other day basically super drunk. My brothers are cops so I called them and they put out a BOLO for his car today because he decided he needed to drive to get air in his completely flat tire. A cop also pulled him over and just let him go with a ticket tonight. I could smell him from ten feet away and he was basically crossed eyed these cops are terrible. This is a weekly fight and he’s always so apologetic and “will make it up to me” we got a dog together which makes breaking things off so much harder because that puppy is my baby he’s never home for him it’s me I am I never leave him ever unfortunately he did pay for him and I would have to say goodbye to my baby I think about this dog all day while I’m at work I go home on my lunch to feed him and hold him. I know it sounds dramatic but I’ve bonded with this puppy we are connected and he loves me just as much as I love him. Currently he pays the rent and I buy all the house hold stuff as he makes 5 times as much as me. So I buy furniture/toiletries/laundry stuff/all the food and drinks/all the dogs treats /anything extra our dog needs/I do all the cleaning he’s a total slob (something I’ve had to just accept he won’t stop no matter how many times I ask him) I also cook dinner every single night and dessert. I’m 22 and honestly very physically fit and attractive I have always just wanted to have a relationship with someone I can have a family with I feel like I’m wasting my time right now with him when he comes home drunk every night. We barely have sex it makes me feel terrible I just want a loving relationship. I do all the shopping alone. I also work 40 hours a week. I have my phone bill my insurance for healthcare and car a car bill ontop of all this. I do not have the funds for the apartment ontop of all this. I don’t want to leave him either because I have invested in him and I love him so much. I wish he would get help but it doesn’t seem like he’s going to. I can’t afford to live here without him/ he will take my dog away and I don’t want to be without him I just don’t know how to get through to him and make him stop drinking it’s ruining everything . Please help