Hi. So my older sister (veronica) and I don’t talk anymore. My mother and my therapist like to insist that we make up, but honestly I don’t want to. Sometimes I wonder If I’m wrong for that and perhaps I’m the toxic one, but I'll let you decide. In high school my sister and I were very close, like we did everything together. My parents gave my sister a car and i couldn't even drive (i wouldn't have my own car anyways) so we went everywhere together, we even had 3 classes together in high school. During her senior year of high school we started arguing a lot, all the arguments were different and some were really small, I can’t remember them all, some we got over ,but I remember one that we never really got over. At the time I was a junior and I had a boyfriend, one night with my boyfriend the condom broke and I asked my sister to buy me plan B (since she was the one with the car). She got really mad at me and called me irresponsible and told me that I couldn’t survive without her driving me around and doing things for me all the time. I got upset and after that argument, among other arguments, I stopped talking to her. Then my mother made us sit down and “work things out”, throughout that conversation my sister again called me irresponsible and said that i was mean to everyone and other just plain hurtful things along those lines. the rest of her senior year was an even bumpier road. At many points she made my mom cry, she told my dad not to talk to her, and she was continuously mean to my younger sister (I used to be mean to her sometimes too, seeing veronica do it made me think it was okay, but now that I don’t talk to my older sister anymore my younger sister and I are super close!). During that year my mother would tell me to keep my mouth shut so as to not ruin Veronica's senior year, I was mad but I obliged and kept my mouth shut. Now, nearly 2 years later, my mother always tells me that Veronica was just going through a hard time her senior year (she had depression, no meds tho, and would see a therapist) and she thought I should forgive her. I think It's also worth mentioning that Veronica had a lot of enemies in high school, and after high school she burnt bridges with everyone. Her sophomore year her friends stopped talking to her for reasons I don't know, so she would hang out with me and my freshman friends and even come to the freshman building to sit with us at lunch. Even after she graduated people would come up to me and tell me ”you know everyone hated her right?”. I refused to and still refused to make things right with her. Now my mother and sister deny the entire conversation we had when my mom tried to make us “work things out” and my mom says the stuff that was said wasn’t even that bad. To be honest I've been mean to her sometimes, I’ve called her names and made petty remarks but I still feel like she doesn’t deserve my forgiveness, also she never even apologized or admitted she hurt me at all. I just want some cruel honestly so I can know if I’m crazy or toxic or just wrong for how I’ve acted and reacted.