So, I recently lost interest in one of my girl friends. (I'm a guy) We've known each other for a full year through our friend group, and through our Church Youth Group, and the past 4 months we've gotten closer. Our first 3 months of talking and hanging out have felt genuine and true, both when we hangout and when we text each other. We'd talk for hours on end nonstop. This last month we've been talking it seems that she's lost interest since I've been the one initiating the texts whenever I want to talk to her. Most of my peers said it's not worth it to put effort when she's no longer putting in the effort she once gave, but most of my Filipino friends (The girl I was talking to is Filipino too) told me to keep trying because most Filipino girls go through the process of courtship etc. etc. Whenever I would text her it would be around lunchtime, and she would reply to me at 11 at night right before she goes to sleep and will have texts along the lines of "So srry for the late reply hella tired rn gn". But I later realized that it wasn't worth it. Three weeks ago when I went over to her house for a get together, I got jealous when she introduced me to one of her guy friends. I ended up comparing my style and myself to her guy friend throughout the night. A week after that ocurred I realized that it wasn't worth it anymore. I then recently met this girl in my class. I've been talking to her, but not as much as I want to, and then I end up comparing myself again to the other guys in class she talks to. I end up comparing myself to those guys too. I think that we can all agree here that to an extent we feel that insecurity along with the sense of conceitedness when you're looking in the mirror. (Which is also me) I also have found myself more active on TikTok on my For You Page, and TikTok has been hitting me in the feelings, along with all the pretty Filipino Girls on there, especially after everything going on. I've just been confused of why I've been feeling like this. I have been feeling sad and different, but I don't think it's a source of depression, I just haven't been feeling the same.