So I confessed my feelings to this guy about this time last year and it was just bliss, we were like the same person, texting for hours each day, etc. Over the summer he became really depressed and would lash out at me, I always wanted to be there for him and I really still think he is worth it, but he said a lot of hurtful things to me. I think I blame myself too because it's really hard for me to just not react to things like that in a way that's not just making it worse, so we would get in a lot of fights. Anyways, once school started again and his support system expanded things got a lot better and he apologized a lot and tried to right all the things he had said, but I can't help still feeling insecure about a lot of the things he said. Recently he's started becoming more distant again and I'm really scared that because of school being out again and some other things going on that he's going to begin lashing out at me again and I don't really know what to do. I've tried talking to him about how a lot of the things he said still hurts me, especially nowadays that he's not showing as much enthusiasm towards me. I feel really selfish because I know that he's having a tough time right now, but I feel like this time he knows what he's doing, he says nice things and reassures me whenever I bring up my concerns,  but is generally cold to me, doesn't try to reach out much, and has admitted to ignoring me. He apologizes a lot, but I don't understand why he can't just fix it. I'm in this cycle of him apologizing and me feeling a bit better, then me realizing I'm in a cycle, me not being mad at him because at least he's acknowledging it and I'm more disappointed in myself for getting my hopes up, me feeling worse because I remember all the good times that I wish we were still having, me thinking that this is going to be the last time I say it's fine, and then him apologizing again. Writing that out this sounds so horrible but I really don't know what to do anymore and I don't have a very shiny spine and I really just want to help him through the hard times. Last week for example I went way overprotective angry gf when one of his "close friends" did something mean to him. Ahhh this sounds so terrible, why am I even asking for advice when it's clearly not a healthy relationship, it's just me being a wuss not cutting him out. He's still such a big part of my life. If you've gone through something like this, please help.