My girlfriend and I have been together for nearly 2 years, She is 21, I am 22. I'll try to keep this as short as possible so here we go. We have been together for almost 2 years now and everything has been perfect, we rarely fight and she is absolutely amazing I mean she is the nicest sweetest person I know. Me on the other hand am quite the opposite, I'm ex-military curse like a sailor and I have a pretty dark personality. We get along quite well and I do love her. We both work at the same place although it is a large workplace with multiple departments which we are in different departments so we only really see eachother on breaks. There is another girl at my work who is a bit younger then me but we get along great. We have become pretty good friends since I started there 9 months ago and we always talk. I would say we do flirt with eachother but it is completely harmless. I broke up with my girlfriend about 4 months ago because I was just going through some personal stuff and I was not really in the right mind set, also I had feelings for this girl and I think that also had a reason behind me breaking up with her. I didnt try pursuing this girl when we broke up but we did text a bit. After we broke up we stayed friends and talked every day, we ended up going to the fair with a group of our friends and we had a great time. about 2 weeks after being broken up I felt I had made a mistake and we got back together. It has been great but the feelings for this other girl seem to be getting stronger and I just dont want to continue dating and end up regretting it months/years later. But I dont want to break her heart and end up regretting that for the second time. Right now she has some family health issues going on and she bought us tickets to go to a zoo acouple states over because they have my favorite animal. and this would just make me the biggest jerk ever. Im not saying I want to break up but Im not saying I want to stay together. I know this is probably something only I can answer but maybe if someone has had a similar experience or just any advice to ease the mind.