So about 4 years ago my parents divorced, I was only 11 so i’d say it hit me pretty hard but I guess I got over it. Almost immediately after the announcement of their divorce I would overhear my mom on FaceTime with some mystery man. Later on my mom tells me and my brother (1 year older than me), that her job is going south and she’s going to try looking for a new one. I later learn that she found one she’s going to interview in person for, but it’s in a different state; 8 hours away. So all the sad feelings associated with moving came and went, but the thing that really irked me was the fact that we moved into some mans house (Let’s call him D), so D I assume was the mystery man from earlier although i’m still not 100% sure. So we get into arguments because he’s this foreign character in my life, and then he and my mom officially state that they’re dating. So fast forward and my family moves into this house in a good neighborhood, mom still dating D. fast forward like 5 months and D moves in with us and sells his old house. I did not like this at all, we started to butt heads and we still do to this day. We get in arguments that are pointless and my opinions or whatever I say are always undermined by him, I feel like I never get listened to. He always calls me disrespectful, ungrateful, and even things like antisocial (Which i don’t believe i am, it’s just that D doesn’t know how i act at school). So anyways, I have some chores I need to do, which i’m alright with doing, but D always finds something I did wrong; like this morning I wake up to find out that while I was asleep, he went into my bathroom (only accessible by me and my brothers rooms) to check on how well I did yesterday. He points out that I didn’t clean the mirror which I guess I had forgotten. He then goes on about how I never do my jobs well enough and that my mom works too hard for me to be messing up our home, etc etc. I just want to know two things, is this even normal? As in, is this what regular parents act like? Or am I truly ungrateful for what my mom does and I don’t try hard enough? Then the second thing is, does anyone have any general advice for my situation? D always demand respect but disrespects me 24/7, he even asked my mom to marry him WITHOUT ME KNOWING which I felt completely disrespected by, but I can’t state my negative opinion on anything without getting my phone, computer, or switch taken for times ranging from a day to a week (typically, they can be longer times). Any help/advice is very much appreciated, thank you.