okay so i am shook right now. okay so i just turned 18 and i work at mcdonald’s. my boyfriend of 3 years is the manager. so about 2 months ago we get this new guy at work. he’s quiet and gets his work done. cool. so my boyfriend and i start talking to him more on smoke breaks, and this new guy (we’ll call him J) starts asking for rides from me. just to and from work, he offered gas money and i declined because it’s not too far out of my way and my boyfriend doesn’t have a problem with it, he’s actually starting to be friends with J. i assumed J was about 25 years old, considering he has a 3 year old and a 2 year old. he tells us stories about how he used to live in Chicago, and got shot and did crazy stuff. i don’t really judge things like that unless it’s too serious, cause the past is the past, yanno ?? so, cool. then one day J mentions that he’s 28 years old. idk why i vividly remember this but i do. eventually J finds my facebook and starts messaging me asking for rides to work. we have simple convos strictly about work and it’s all fine. well, things took a turn .... J starts messaging me alot more often and i try to ignore it but it becomes excessive. and it isn’t just about rides. he’s saying “you better come get me tonight before work” or he’s asking what i’m doing. then he asks for a ride to the store to get easter baskets for his kids. so, i felt bad and gave him a ride. in the car he tells me he’s 19. but i remember him saying he’s 28... he calls me beautiful and says my bf is lucky, etc. i dont really reply back, i just thank him and try to only text him if it’s about work. well today he took it too far, told me he likes me and doesn’t know how he will live without me being with him, tells me he imagines the “things he would do to my body” and tells me not to feel insecure if i catch him staring at me at work because “my body is heavenly”. i decided to do an online search due to the weird lying about his age and the weird messages. and there pops up a scary looking mugshot from 2018 and him with a felon ID number. charges just rattling off such as rape, home invasion 2nd degree, receiving and concealing motor vehicle stolen possession. also says he has a cut from a chandelier on his right shoulder, where he showed me he “got shot” in Chicago. and from a people search, he never lived there. only michigan and indiana. and he is actually 30 years old. now he is blowing up my phone. and expects rides. and now i’m trying to figure out what to say or do. i dont wanna block him cause he could get angry and i still see him at work. what do i do ? what do i do when he asks for a ride at work ? i’m scared and i don’t wanna sound judgmental but i’m worried he may try something, idk