Yeah I know, pretty insane. Basically, I (16F) was at my boyfriends (17M) house and we were babysitting his younger siblings. I happened to be wearing some jean shorts and a big sweatshirt because it was pretty hot outside. Then his youngest sister, 7, asks me to play with her. I say yes obviously, but I said that I didnt really want to play outside at the moment because it was really hot and I didnt want to take off my sweatshirt because i was wearing a sports bra underneath it. She gets a little whiny about it and throws a fit like little kids do, and his 8 year old brother chimes in and says that I'm gross for wearing a sports bra, and that I guess I dont wear underwear?? Which is silly and not true, but hey kids are goofballs. So they run out and tell their mom that I was only wearing a sports bra and that I didnt wear underwear and all this stuff, and she comes in raging and starts screaming at me that her children come first and I'm awful for not really wanting to go outside at the moment, and asking me what I had on underneath my sweatshirt. She then proceeds to call me a little slut and not a woman, says that everything I wear is trashy, calls me a bitch, gets very close to my face to the point where spit is flying. Once she was finished I got my things together and walked home bawling my eyes out. Mind you, her usually blue eyes were almost totally black from her pupils being so large. She has had trouble with addiction in the past and my boyfriends father has a history of being domestically violent as well, and while this was happening he was twirling his thumbs with his head down. The environment is this house is not very good at all. They are unemployed but somehow constantly gone, my boyfriend practically raises those children and is always watching them and whenever I go over there we are usually playing with them outside, going on walks, getting icecream and pizza, all the good stuff. I am definitely never going over there again that's for sure. To be honest the fact she called me names I've never been called by a grown woman before isnt what bothers me, what bothers me is that those children are around that every single day. It was shocking to see my boyfriend brush it off an act like it's not a big deal, but I realized that this is all hes ever been around. Is there any way I can do anything about this to help him and his siblings?