Firstly I must say this story isn’t recent. This happened several years ago but still has always been in the back of my mind. I received a diagnosis of bipolar disorder when I was 20. I would go through these periods where I’d do really well and excel at things and have a sudden boost in confidence. I just thought I had great energy that day and I was gonna get stuff done. And then once energy started wearing off I would sink into a deep depression. I wouldn’t shower, wouldn’t change my clothing etc. I would take my medication and then both of those episodes stopped but I felt like a zombie and I gained a lot of weight. So after a while I would forget to take my medication once and then twice...till I started feeling my “energy” coming back. During this time I would go out with girlfriends every night. We’d go to the bar, get shit faced and then go to work the next morning hung over AF. I did this for about a year. I was also very promiscuous and would date a lot of guys. Met a lot of guys at the bar. Also met a lot of guys online. But during this time *queue sad story* I also met a guy....for the sake of the story we’ll call him Brad. Brad was different. And good looking. I kept waiting for the red flags to show up but he was really cool. When we met it was instant attraction on both our parts. We hung out all the time. He’d drive 2 hours to see me after work and we’d just walk around. Star gaze. I know it sounds super cliche but we laid in the middle of a football field at a local high school and just looked at the stars. He stayed so late with me that his mom called him to see where the hell he was. Anyways during this time I did have a lot of feelings for this guy and I was severely manic at the same time. I felt great, I was on top of the world. I said “ I love you” once and he said “Baby I think I love you too but I’m scared of getting hurt” I wanted to have sex ALL THE TIME. and talk about it all the time. He enjoyed it for a little while as any guy probably would but then he started to be like “Well don’t you want a relationship with me? All we do is f$&k all the time” which looking back now we did do that a lot. We’d spend ridiculous amounts of money both of us till it got to the point where the whole relationship was toxic. He was also two hours away and we would text and call each other mostly when we didn’t see each other. He’d text me “don’t you care about me” and started asking me if I’m seeing other men. Sick thing is is that I really think at the time that I was doing anything wrong. I thought he was being a dick. So he became distant. Looking back also being medicated probably now is that I really hurt him and I feel terrible about it. More so because not only did I have feelings for the guy too but that I was sick at the time. Timing was wrong. After we broke that off I sank into the deepest depression I’ve ever had. After about two years and a few suicide attempts I got help. Got the meds I needed to become a functional person again. A year after that I met my boyfriend that I have now. We’ve been together 5 wonderful years now and I’m really happy. Over the years this “Brad” has randomly reached out to me by random Facebook message to liking random photos on Instagram. Nothing more than that though. My question for advice would be should i reach out to brad to apologize for breaking his heart and that I was ill and I’ve since gotten help? Or should I leave this tragic love story in the past?