When I first started middle school, I switched friend groups to the “cooler kids”. At first, I was happy with them, and they enjoyed my company a lot. But by the second year, I could tell they really started to dislike me. They even said it to my face. At this time I was also extremely depressed, and had been going to a therapist. When I look back now, they were one of the main factors for my mental problems. They were never friendly to me. They always made jokes about my culture, my appearance, anything about me. They also continuously insulted me. But if I said something back and made a home about their culture, they would say I “took it too far”. I decided to switch lunch tables, and sit with other kids, that were friendly with them. I never said anything to their face, and I still maintained a friendly relationship with that table.  Our table was 4 boys and 4 girls. The girls fought and they slip up and all of them left the table. Two of the boys at my table went to my other “friends” table. Their table was full, and it was just me and one other kid. We soon became close, and it was great. I still kept in touch with the kids at the other table, and would invite them over to my house because I had no other friends. They would always annoy me, but I had no one else. Since quarantine, I have Ben playing lots of Xbox. In the beginning, I played with them. This was fun for about 2 days. Then they started to harass me. Any chance they got, they would annoy me. They would tk me, make fun of me, and any time I said something they would say I “took it too far”. I tried to stop playing with them, but there was no one else I could play with. I decided I needed to be “cool” and impress them, so I downloaded a software were I could boot players from the game. They liked it, but I didn’t. I got a message from someone who I booted, and I felt bad so I deleted the software. One of them wanted to play with me, so I played with them. I had a bad game, and he started yelling at me, and insulting me. I 1v1 him, but in the first game he cheated (I was afk) and so we restarted. I beat him in the second game, and said GG, he went off on me, and told all of the other kids who were harassing me. They added me to groups and added my camp friends (who were girls) and started embarrassing me. I left, but they wouldn’t quit. One of their moms is in the school district, and he reported me for booting kids offline (even though they wanted me too). Overall, they keep harassing me and I don’t know what to do. I only have 1 friend, and they are trying to turn him against me. I am now depressed again, after I just beat depression, and don’t know what to do. I should have left the friend group sooner. Someone help me please.