I haven’t truly been happy since like 8th grade or freshman year of high school. I turn 21 in a few days. I was too young to realize what was going on around me and then life started falling apart in 2015: family got evicted and we were homeless, I was dealing with bulimia and anorexia and never got help or attention from family/friends, entered my first relationship with a narcissist and/or sociopath that did a lot of damage, several family members died within that time and I lost my first childhood friend to a car crash, also I got in two serious car wrecks my first two years of driving which put a lot of stress on my family and me. For background I’ve always had a rocky relationship with my family, even now I’ve always felt alienated and lonely in my own house. I had a lot of friends growing up but once all that happened I pushed everyone away. So I graduated hs and went onto college with depression and anxiety for the first time, and I’m about to be a senior in college and I can’t say I’ve made any real friendships that lasted longer than a semester except one and college itself has been full of depression anxiety and loneliness. I’m grateful for my one friend but she’s got her own life. So I compensate by dating guys who I center my life and actions around. As mentioned before my first relationship gave me a very poor outlook on how healthy relationships should work and my parents are beyond unhealthy (dad is autistic and a damaged person overall my mom is pretty judgmental, neither feel any happiness and pretty much just live beside each other). I think I’m a fantastic girlfriend and I get soooo hurt when they break up with me and don’t want to work things out. A week ago I was broken up with after my longest relationship to date with my absolute best friend (2yrs) and I’m so heartbroken and broken in general. We tried to be friends during this quarantine thing but he’s already moving on and I told him I can’t be there to watch so I can’t speak to him or see him anymore. Anyways it’s shown me that I haven’t been happy for however long and always depend on others to be happy. Maybe it’s not healthy to be alone as much as I am without a boyfriend or any friends or family to count on but this quarantine thing is hell for me and is throwing me back into suicidal thoughts. I don’t want to do that at all I just want to feel okay and hopefully happy one day. I know it won’t come easily or quickly but I’m willing to put in the work I just need direction. Much thanks to anyone who can read this and help me out.