I've never really gotten out much and I'm a very big introvert when it comes to interaction with people. I have a gf and she's a big extrovert and has a lot of friends that she hangs out with from time to time, and I've never really had any. I was bullied a lot in the past in school ever since I started, and I had a very messed up view of friendship, I considered the people who bullied me by friends because they were the only ones who would acknowledge me even if it was just to pick on me or hit me. But that's all I knew when it came to friends and that's what I thought it was it followed me all the way to college where I was exposed to new people and that's where I met my GF she is the best person ever, I was also exposed to new friends or what I considered friends they Actually used me for money and since I had a car on campus, they even snuck into my dorm to drink so they could blame it on me if they got caught, I didn't do anything about it cause I thought they were my friends. Fast forward to my sophomore year they are all gone, except for my GF I'm glad I met her, and I spend most of my days alone since I now live at home and go to online classes which is all fine. Me and my GF play games and Call on Skype everyday and night and we always find anyday we she turned hang out and I love the time I spend with her. I just have a hard time making friends and knowing who the right people are to be friends, I started a new job about 2 months ago and have been working there since and nobody knows I work there, except for the manager and the other person in the same position, I have been stopped on the way out of the store after closing because they thought I was a customer and no one knows me name. My GF thinks it's sad since she's friends with her co-workers and knows everyone there and I say it's fine, even though I do wish someone knew but I'm scared to try and talk to someone. I have even gone as far as too Download apps that help you meet other people looking for friends or people to join a video game with since I'd like to play a match with another person. I'm even to nervous to talk to another person I've never met on the intake voice chat we are playing because I'm scared of them hating or saying something to me and I lie saying my mic is broken even though I'd like to have that human Interaction. My older brother has friends he hangs out with all weekend and my younger brother has friends he games with every weekend, and I'm just in a room by myself playing a game meant for multiplayer by myself, but it's not all bad my GF plays games with me most times and I love that she does we have a lot I fun. the thing is I wish to make friends but I've only been exposed to bad ones and I know what to do.