Hey reddit, I kinda need some advice. So my best friend who I'll call Ashley and me have been friends for about 3 years. we got really close after around year one because I was there for her through a really hard time in her life and this carried on for 2 more years. she was like a sister to me who I could turn to with all my problems and same to her with me. we never had any fights and we were ( in my mind ) great friends who would be there for each other no matter what. come freshman year where she moves schools around half way through the semester. I was bummed sure, but I knew that it would be better for her. so one night, about 2 weeks after she moved schools we were texting and she didn't seem very energetic and I asked her whats up, she said "nothing I'm just tired"  which I said was ok and she could go to bed. she says ok thanks and I text her saying " I love you goodnight sleep well" ( we've said we have loved each other before so it was not out of the blue) and she doesn't respond which is unusual but I chalk it up to her falling asleep. so I wake up and find out she's blocked my number, blocked all my social medias and her friends have blocked me too. I was so confused because I thought we were best friends and she was like a sister to me. she's the person I've known the longest so far and I thought we would be friends for a long time. its been about 2 weeks and still nothing. I'm not mad I'm just really sad that I lost one of my closest friends and I don't even have a reason, and not only that, I never got to say goodbye which hurts me even more. I just miss her ya know.anyway I digress. I don't want any advice on how to get revenge or how to get her back because to be honest, if her doing this makes her either happier or better mentally, than ill accept it and go on with my life because all I want is for her to be happy. I just want advice on either why she did this or how to move on because right now, I'm feeling just lost. she was my best friend and I lost her without even a reason and I'm just heartbroken, anything helps reddit, thanks