So I will start with details. I live in BC canada and I have had my N for two and a half years (was planning on getting my full license soon). I work as a pizza driver as one of my jobs so I need my license to pay for rent. My home town is a 3 hour drive away. The other day I was driving home because of a family emergency thing with my grandpa who isn't doing too well, and I was a little stressed out because I was on a bit of a time crunch. I was at about the half way point outside of a city and was just matching the speed of traffic, and really not looking at my speedometer or anything. I got pulled over by a cop, not even realizing how fast I was going. He not only gives me a speeding ticket (even though there were at least two others that were going the same/similar speeds but I was in the inside lane and he was on the outer side), but he also gave me a fine for not displaying my N. The thing is, I worked that morning and my N was on before I started but I didnt check to see if it was when I got off so I had no idea. My driving record is clean by the way, I have never been pulled over or gotten any tickets ever. This was just an unfortunate situation that happened when I was just not paying attention as much as I should have been. Right after I got my ticket, I went to get a replacement N in town. I didn't realize that I can get my license taken away because of just one of the two violations. I will have to restart the whole N process and I really don't want to, but I also need the money for my rent or else I will become homeless because my one job doesn't pay enough. What can I do? I know I will dispute it but will my case hold up in court? How likely is it that the cop shows? I was really respectful and apologetic towards him, as well as honest. Anyone that has had experience, or knowledge about this, can you give me some advice or am I screwed? Am I able to get my full license before the dispute hearing? Is that an option or would I not be able to? Please help me out. Thank you.