  So I'm in high school and in a program that is more academically challenging, and it all started off  well in my freshman year, but then my math grades started going a bit down hill and I didn't do as well as I wanted to do and that was partly because I couldn't see well. Anyways, because of my grades I felt like my confidence had dropped a little, then I did quadratics and algebra and I did worse at first but then started to improve a bit. I think it was because of finding ways to manage my time better, anyways come sophomore year I had missed a lot of school due to health issues but at this time I was struggling in my math class, and was finding it hard as I was emotional, and and did a lot of overthinking, and had physical pain. Any who I did bad in math. I had got advice from my teacher, and she just recommended getting a tutor or taking summer school to help improve and catch up. Then, next semester started but I was pretty burned out mentally and emotionally and was disappointed about my performance and just my overall health. I started caring less, but my anxiety was soaring however I had got some help and support and started doing better. I just feel like I developed bad test taking habits. Now come to the summer, I was feeling better, I also started to relearn and review math from freshman year up to where I learned. Come junior year I still wanted to challenge myself, I was doing tutoring, but I found myself in a similar situation, doing poorly on tests. It was kind of intimidating to ask others for help because all the people I knew were doing really well or were complaining about high grades. I also had my other classes to stay on top of including sciences. So, I ended up doing poorly again, but this time I kind of just felt numb about it. I didn’t know who to share this with as some of my family members get mad easily and I feel like they would just get really upset with me. I don’t want to leave my program as I don’t want to transfer to another school which will most likely be the other option, and I’m already so far into it that I do want to complete it, and I have some friends as well. I’m trying to do improve my work habits but I still end up doing poorly. I want to be able to get into a good school, even though right now I’m not sure about what I would like to do in the future, I’m mainly concerned about my grades, and meeting requirements for various programs, but more importantly I want/need to learn how to work better, smarter, more efficiently and build a better routine. Thank you to those who read this, but any advice on doing better in school and what to focus on?