 Hello I'm a 18 year old male just about to be out of high school. So some background on me i come from a Ukrainian house hold me being an immigrant from Ukraine now living in Canada. So my household has always been strict on working hard to get what you want. But recently i've just lost all motivation to do almost anything, and when I say anything I mean anything. like in all my grades up to grade 10 i used to be a 90% + student and like i didn't really have to work that hard for that grade. Now don't get me wrong i was by no means a fucking genius but i would say i was somewhat smarter mostly due to the fact that i used to do extra homework at home that my parents would give me so i was usual a bit a head of the class in things like math and science. But recently i just lost all motivation to try at all. Like i would not be able to focus on doing homework outside of school and when shit was assigned i would almost never do it but i just would not know why. It was like a twitch has been flipped in my head kinda saying "ahhh you don't need to do this, fuck it" so i would end up just never doing it. Even though i knew i needed to do it and like it's not that is was hard most of the shit was very easy and i knew it would take me 30 min max to do it and i would get a good grade on it but i just would never do it. But the stuff I did hand in I would always get around 85-95% on it with minimal effort on my part. and that's where it kinda started, once i stopped doing good in school my mental health just declined and no matter how hard i would try and fix my mark i just couldn't find the motivation to do it. Basically after that I would start to fall into deep sets of depression. Where for 3 weeks i would be fairly fine and then something would just flip and i would go for 3 weeks just not caring about my life at all to the point of just shutting myself out from all my friends and family and just kinda idling through those 3 weeks not caring about my life and just thinking these thoughts of how good life would be without all this stress in my life. And i had a lot of stress in my life i almost never argued with my parents but once this shit started happening i argued with my parents almost weekly and like my parent were not even that bad i would say they were fairly normal parents but this arguing with them would just pill on a lot of stress, school would make me stress even when i barely did anything in it, my friends were the people that wouldn't stress me out but after a while being with friends just stopped helping when i realized that most of the people i hung out with weren't my real friends they were just people that i talked to and that's it. Now during this whole quarantine I did find the real people that i can call friends and they are loving people that i care about and they care about me. But i just was never a person that could talk about my feeling to other people face to face so i would keep everything in and just never let it out. which that could be a big reason for the bid spikes of depression i am having. So because of these spikes of depression I would just stop taking care of myself. Like i would still shower and do all the normal shit but the state of my room would get worse and worse with each passing day and at the end of these spikes of depression i would clean my room top to bottom as to like show that im back into a normal state of mind i guess. But I'm here to ask if all this that's happening to me is just like a phase of still being a teenager and that it's normal or is there something that I need to change and if there's a way of getting my motivation back to do stuff again? If you need clarifications on stuff just ask I'm a fairly open book. I'll be really happy to hear what advice people have for me and thanks for reading this even if you don't end up writing a comment. Sorry if this just sounds like a big rant that makes no sense. I just needed to get all of this off my chest and I just didn't know where I would post this.