you’re from Nj/ny you know what I’m talking about. Lots of slang. watch the sopranos or  Daniel franzese on Instagram and his Italian mom series. They grew up in the city and say things like “that don’t make sense” or “I don’t want nothing from you” instead of using proper English grammar. They greet people super loudly and Scream out in public, make scenes, & have thick nj/ny accents. I love my family and I don’t care how they speak. However, I’m not like my family. I’m articulate and have studied Italian in uni and am fairly well educated. Im not boasting about myself, however I want to make the contrast between my family and I apparent. We live in an area where a lot of the working class people moved out and now “yuppies” are moving in. I feel embarassed by family to where I don’t want to in public with them. Ive thought about moving  away to a new town/state bc my family really gets around and knows a lot of people in this town and the surrounding areas and I’m terrified they’ll approach me in public if they see me with friends and ask embarrassing questions or make a scene. My bf of 1.5 years is from japan & the culture difference between Japanese and Italian American is HUGE. he’s super quiet and his family is all well to do, he loves me and accepts me but I do not want him anywhere near my family. Also, a lot of my family members are very overweight which is frowned upon in japan highly. I know I REALLY do sound like an asshole, but I can’t help but feel ashamed of that. I think I would be ok with them being  loud bc I could tell them to tone down their speech and try to act “normal” but the weight problem can’t just go away. Some uncles in my family also have mafia connections, that also petrifies me. I don’t know what to do but I know if my boyfriend met my family he would never look at me in the same way again and I don’t want him thinking  “what kind of people are they”. people can say I’m overreacting or I’m wrong but if you know Japanese people, you KNOW they’re all mostly well educated, super thin, polite, and quiet. The opposite of my family. Sometimes I really feel like downright white trash. I’m sorry for the offensive language but it’s how I feel. I want to just run away from my family and recreate myself. Only problem is all the Job opportunities are on the east coast. I’m so sorry for this post being long and if I sound dramatic but i can't talk about this topic with anyone as they have no idea I feel this way and would judge me. I hope I did not offend anyone by this post and I want to make it CLEAR I love my family if it were not for them I wouldn’t be in this world Please try to understand where Im coming from before any judgement.