I’m 19 the eldest sister of two brothers, 14 and 13, now before I elaborate anything else I confess when I was younger I could be extremely overbearing and sometimes verbally abusive to them, I grew up in a sexist household where nothing was a secret and anything I had could easily be wrenched from me to be distributed among them and my 2 male cousins who also lived with us and their parents. Anything I was saving for myself like food or toys or even money would always go missing and there was never any sort of rule or privacy, I was always expected to give way but at 13-16 was a difficult age for me as I developed extreme social anxiety and was being teased and made fun of at school and developed insecurities. I was never good at studying either so my home was no safe haven, once I was done with the teasing and grueling work at school I came home to physical discipline or yelling about my lack academic brightness and low grades. I was submissive in front of my parents but this exacerbated my internal anger and grief and in turn I would lash out at them and often made them cry, I felt bad for feeling satisfied when I saw them cry because I believed that through this I could share my pain. I was a monster, I would often tell them they were useless, stupid and among other things in order to vent out my grievances, in a way I was projecting how I felt about myself into them. But even so I rarely did scream at the middle brother since he did what he was told and did so well, my youngest was another issue, he was a slight slower in following instructions and carrying out tasks so I may have caused him more trauma. But after we moved and I had my own room a space where I had both privacy and comfort without the threat of being enclosed in a small closet like space with my brother or the threat of being unable to lock door and unable to prevent thefts, I’ve felt terrible over what I had done to them, I recognized it was unacceptable for me to have ever treated them in the way I had. My relationship with the youngest has since improved I believe since we do occasionally hold a conversation but he finds me annoying, the middle is different issue. He is the main subject, since he has moved he has drifted away from us considerably, he has started treating this place like a hotel and our parents like walking talking credit cards, he will stay out late with his friends with no contact and treats us like air save for my father who is scary and hold some authority over him. He only wants to wear name brands and has on several occasions call my parents and I narrow minded, racists, and because we gossiped, he said we were loud annoying and shit talking people and ultimately called me a bitch. He holes up In his room and often tried to avoid eating with us, my mother who loves him dearly barely sees him and can never get him to come out of his room unless she has bought something he asked for or has something to ask him. He is especially disdainful of me even if he doesn’t say anything, my youngest has started making fun of my community college education and lack of employment at the moment, it’s hurtful because they are evidently smarter and will get into good colleges but the youngest is now acting like I’m some street bum for not getting into a four year.  I have continually tried to repair our relationship subtly without forcing it, but he has denied me again and again saying I talk too much or is annoying and often outright tells me to shut the fuck up because I’m a annoying bitch and not to talk to him in public like I’m some sort of bug. It may just be puberty or the results of my own terrible actions but I’m hurt and the youngest has begun rejecting me too, I don’t want to have a bad relationship with my brothers o love them dearly even with how I treated them, do o just endure it? Take it like karma for how I treated them? Because confronting will not work I have tried and they have only denied and denied and instead called me stupid and insane. I don’t know what to do, I just want to be able to communicate normally with them but the middle acts like a stranger who constantly wants to get out of the house and the youngest is viewing me in contempt for my lack of job and good academics.