hello. i feel like i don’t have anyone who would understand me when i say this so that’s why i’m asking here and i hope someone will please read what i have to say :0 so i basically feel like i’m really annoying one of my friends and i don’t know if they feel the same way. let’s call my friend “J”. so J and i have been friends for about a year and our second year anniversary is coming up soon in july :) things were all fine before i made a groupchat with J and a few of my other friends,, of course it was fun at first but as most chats do it started to lose its interest and died a little (we still talk on it to this day but it’s a little less fun) this groupchat started around june or july last year. i believe that my friend J is a bit self conscious about their voice and since J had recently gone to a concert of their favourite band they shared videos on the groupchat of them dancing and screaming. My other friend and i found the screaming funny which my friend J feel a bit bad. i wasn’t aware of this issue for a while but i always wondered why things were awkward between us after that incident,, so of course i confronted J about it and explained that i meant no harm and was just joking (basically my whole life is a joke so all i do is joke,, also i know it’s not right to defend myself by saying it’s a joke so i do feel terrible because of that..) even though we resolved things it’s always been awkward between J and i.. we can barely keep conversations going but the thing that is bugging me is that J never likes any of my posts on spam account.. i do post a lot but i always see J commenting and liking on my other friend’s spam account posts and never on mine. J will comment “beautiful” “cute” etc on our friend’s posts but never on mine and J is almost always inactive on my account. i’m wondering if you think J hates me.. did i do something wrong again?? am i being selfish for wanting J to give me attention as well:(( also i’m sorry this is a long post but i wanted to give a decent amount of background info to help with the situation..