I met a girl this semester, through an art class totally by chance. We had a mutual friend, and had a group chat to help us with the materials. Eventually the texts between me and her started transitioning away from just school and towards tv and music. Pretty quickly we were texting all the time about all kinds of stuff. I knew the whole time that she had a boyfriend who went to a different college in Canada but I never thought of her in a romantic way and I was always super open and was really able to be myself with her. At some point we starting hanging out more in person and she gave some vibes that she was interested in me as more than a friend (wanting to hang one on one, head on my shoulder while we watched tv, general flirty vibes, etc). She is very attractive and at that point I caught feelings for her, but I never made a move out of respect for her boyf. We hung out a few weeks ago and I told her that I had some feelings beyond friendship cause I was confused and I felt like I needed to know where she was at. She told me she had some feelings for me too, and that she found me attractive, and that when we started texting it was really new and fresh, but that now she was pushing her feelings away because she had a boyfriend and was committed to him. She went back to the east coast this week cause of corona so I probably wont see her until fall. We had a facetime to try to get total clarity, which helped although Ill never fully understand, but she said she really didn't want to have this conversation again. I started pushing my feelings away too and moving on, but I really do want to maintain our friendship, cause that was what it all started with and we were super close friends and the conversation was always great. However, I get that it will always be different than it was and totally understand that she wants to be respectful of her boyfriend and so she said we shouldn't talk for a bit, which I totally agreed with. We're in the same program at school and we have mutual friends so I know ill see her again, but I really want to bring the friendship back. When we talked she implied we could get there, but didnt give a time line, and just said that "itll be totally normal fall at the latest". I definitely wont have any communication for a few weeks, but am I crazy for thinking that we can go back to having a friendship? How should I play this? Its hard to know exactly where she is at mentally with me, so any advice or educated guesses would be helpful.