My gf (21F) and I (22M) have been having relationship issues for the past year or so. We got together in February 2018, and I have been in love with her ever since. However, I have been stupid in some cases. I get heated while playing games and I would say things I would regret. I have been working on that, I haven’t been doing that as of the past month, but I know it’s a contributing factor to what’s going on. Likewise, I am a nervous and quiet guy when around a lot of people. When I got with her, it was about 5 months after my father passed away. When her and her family would try to help, to me it felt pushy and claustrophobic. I felt like I was being forced to replace my family with hers. Now I see that it’s not the case, they wanted me to join their family and grow mine. Those are the two main contributors that I know of that’s my fault. Now, I love this girl so much, and I am trying hard to make it work and to change for her. But we have had about 4 or 5 “breaks” in the past year. After everyone of these “breaks” ended, life would be good. I would try very hard to make her happy and keep her happy. I even took the both of us to Disney to show my love and appreciation towards her. I say they’re breaks, cause that’s what we call them, but they usually only last a week. She had a troubled and abusive past and can’t take distance, which is a problem because right now I am in lockdown 2 hours away. However, I still find the time to drive out to here once every other week (two times a month). My best friend and I are also planning on moving to the same city she lives in since we go to college there as well. Anyways, my gf and I are currently in another break rn right now, and I was dumb and looked on Snapchat and saw she slept over another guys house. It hurts a lot, she would occasionally talk to other guys online very romantically and she knows it hurts me. I have been feeling pretty crappy cause of it. I feel so lost on what to do. One part of me says that I just can’t keep taking this pain and to let her go. Another part of me says that I should stay, I finally feel like I know what issues there are and now we can truly begin to work on our relationship. I’m going to message her at the end of the week so that we can talk things through and see what happens. I’m both scared and excited to see how things go. I guess I’m just looking for advice from anyone on what they would do or have done in a situation like this. If anyone can help me, please do. Otherwise, I hope you have an amazing day!