Hi reddit. I’m an 18F who’s been living in a small town in Missouri my whole life so far. I don’t like to complain, but by objective terms my life has not really been easy to cope with lately I was born to two unemployed parents with drug problems growing up in poverty, and ever since their divorce things went downhill. My father became mentally and verbally abusive towards me and my sister, so the two of us spent our teen years living from place to place trying to grasp on to some stability. Sometimes I lived with family, sometimes couch hopping with friends, and even with a boyfriend for a summer until the relationship turned sour. I’ve never lived in the same place for more than a year,let alone months. Despite that I’ve kept my pizza waitress job and work hard to support myself despite mental illness and making almost nothing. I had reluctantly moved in with my father and little brother again for about 3 months and it ended with my father stealing a majority of the money I had saved to finally get myself a car, and when I confronted him I was kicked out with no warning. My moms too far gone right now and I won’t talk to her. Since then I’ve been staying at a shelter in town with some clothes and books I kept, but I don’t really have anything else. I don’t know what’s next and the fact that the country is headed for medical and economic turmoil as well I have so much anxiety and doom looming inside. I’m asking for advice because my aunt from my mothers side, who is successful and stable has offered to come and take me to live with her in Texas. I feel like it’s right but I’m nervous. This town is all I’ve ever known. It’s cold, people can be mean to me here, I’m misunderstood for my style and past drama, and the boy I was infatuated with has a girlfriend... but I have a few friends that really love me and my little brother who I’m afraid to leave behind with my father..I’ve applied for gov assistance like NECAC and temp housing but the waiting lists are so long, Im afraid my life here will just be more couch-hopping and shelters. Still, I don’t know anyone in Texas, not even really this Aunt but she wants to help me to get a license and a better job, furthermore I have aspirations of being a musician and I feel Texas would have more opportunity than I’d ever find here. She wants to come and get me as soon as it’s safer to travel when the Corona virus slows down. Does anyone have some words of affirmation to make the change go a little smoother?