Recently, I’ve been contemplating whether not I should move jobs closer to home so I can have the opportunity to own a puppy. I already have two other dogs but they aren’t really my own dogs. More like my mothers. I don’t have really that big of a bond with them but I still love them. But recently I’ve been wanting my own dog especially because I got dumped girlfriend almost 2 months ago and wanted to change my life.I’ve been doing a lot of research and looking into dogs in training so I can do this right the first time. That’s how interested I have been in it. But I have to sacrifice a Job that I like going to because of the people mostly. They are also great and I really enjoy being there. I don’t feel like it’s work but I feel like I’m hanging out most of the time. Before I know it, the day is over. Now, I could move to a location that is much closer, under 2 miles closer from my home. This will give me the chance to be able to own a dog and be able to check on it and go home during lunch to train and play with it. That and be able to eat at home and not spend money. Since I’ve recently been dumped, I wanted a dog so I can have a best friend around. Someone I can take everywhere with me no matter where I’m going. A best friend. Something I can love and on and look down there and know that I am the reason it’s happy and alive and it loves me unconditionally. The location I will be moving to is a very unstable location. I work in a bank so we have different branches. It’s a very unstable because people keep quitting because of the poor management they have. But I’m one of the few that would probably be able to stick around since I know what I’m doing coming from a very good branch. But the thing is, I’d be leaving my coworkers and my boss is in there also great with me and help me out a lot. I’ve already tried out the new location I’d be moving to and thought it was OK but not like my current location. Since I work so far, I can’t own a dog because I wouldn’t be able to do the necessary things to take care of it. Since I’ll be so far away. If I lived closer to work, I’ll be able to come home and check on it and make sure it’s OK and play with it a little bit. Since I know that dogs are social animals. Getting a dog would mean sacrificing my very very great coworkers in going to an unstable branch who which may not be so satisfying to work at for the moment until it gets more stable. I’m not sure what I should do and I’m not sure if a dog would be worth it. I understand it’s a lot of responsibility but I’m even starting to second-guess getting a dog now because I feel that I might make a choice I may regret later. I didn’t start to say can get it until the transfer started to become more official and they asked me if I wanted to transfer. At first, even if I hurt so much about the location closer to my house and how bad it is because they just don’t know what they’re doing really, the thought of a dog would make me continue to say I don’t care as long as I have a dog. But now I’m really rethinking it because I don’t know what I should do and I don’t know if I’ll regret it later. I’m so committed to getting a dog that I’ve even started to talk to shelters and breeders to see what I can find and what would be the perfect puppy for me. I’ve even fallen in love with a Australian Shepherd and will be ready to come home in two months. I’m not sure what I should do.