I’m 17m and I work at a dominos location that is conveniently close to my house and wasn’t bad for the first year, I actually loved working there. That was until a week ago when I asked my manager for a raise (keep in mind I only got a dollar for my first raise so it put me at $8.25) of $10 because I’m one of the pizza makers and one of the more depended on employees so I believe that at least after a year I should at least be getting paid 10 since my other co workers are getting paid $11. she told me that she’d only be able to do $9.25 but that was better than nothing so I said that was great and so she told me she’d apply it to the next paycheck cycle. So a couple days go by and I get sent home early because I cussed and was a little late even tho I’m always 5 to 10 min late and they never said anything about it before so I was very confused. She calls me Into the office and tells me that she giving me a written warning and deducing my pay down to $8.75 instead of $9.25 so evidently I was upset. Then 2 days after that I get sent home early even tho I was the late shift that day because I didn’t help my co worker with something she asked help for. I ask my manager why she’s writing me up and sending me home and she tells me because I ‘disobeyed an order because she told my co worker to ask me to show her how to restock the makeline’. My coworker never asked to be shown or told me that she didn’t know, if my manager would’ve come up to me and asked me to do it i would’ve done it in a heartbeat. And just today she sends the new schedule out and I’m only scheduled for one day out of the whole week. I don’t know what to do, I’m thinking about speaking with corporate or a general manager about this because I don’t feel like I deserve this treatment when I didn’t do anything to the manager, I even tried staying quiet and not talking to anyone at work all day and just doing my job and still I get in trouble for something. I don’t know what to do if anyone can help it’d be greatly appreciated thanks y’all. (P.s. my friend that is my coworker thinks it’s a race thing because I’m Mexican. I’m personally trying my hardest not to look at it that way but from the fact that me and my white co worker were both cursing, I was the only one who got called in, got a written warning, and a pay deduction.)