I am open to a variety of plans of action, I'm already aware of the adult conversation (scares me to death because every time I try to be adult with them they just get madder and put me down even more) tactic, and one fried has offered the idea of sneak out my window at night and leave a note (very low on my list of tactics haha). Im finishing up my first year of college and I was a happier person on my own in school. I've been stuck home for almost 2 months now and my life is miserable. no exaggeration my grandmother terrifies me. My grandmother has controlling issues and doesn't respect peoples privacy and delights in picking arguments with me. She loves to make me feel like im dumb, worthless, a disgrace, and more. I've been tempted to up and walk out one day more specifically when she starts one of her huge blowout arguments with me. I almost did once but that plan ended up being messed up. I have a carry-on suitcase prepacked with most everything already if I am faced with a good opportunity to walk out. This way I do not have to sit around and listen to my grandparents yell at me while I pack. Having to put off moving out waiting for a situation like this is hard because even though she wants to argue with me every other day, they're not huge blowouts like the one I'm waiting for. Some people are telling me just tell them im moving out and do it, but it is hard for me because my grandparents have pushed me around my entire life. The second they can fine a way to call me a disappointment or an awful person they take advantage of it and telling them im moving out is the perfect opportunity to call me a disgrace and I don't want to have to deal with a big situation like that. I think they can tell I want to because lately they've been holding things such as my phone and car above my head how it is in their name. My grandmother even said once, even if I go to live with someone else I will have to be considerate of them because they would put minimum miles on my car, even though I would be paying the insurance which makes no sense to me, but the car is in their name. Same with my phone if I told them I would pay the bill myself they my phone itself is in their name. What really put me over the line was the same day my walking out of the house plan fell through, she gave me this long lecture and in it said she was "done taking my abuse." I'm practically her daughter and what she considers abuse is that once or twice a month she receives some attitude from me. Abuse is a big word for this woman seeing as she has mentally abused both me and my brother out entire lives. She has successfully manipulated us to hate our birth mother and our great grandmother, but luckily as we grew up we realized this and turned away from the manipulation. I need to get away from all of this as soon as possible it does me no good and lowers my self esteem and confidence.