I've harboured these horrid fears for who I once considered my closest friend. This has been on going for a year and I am at wits end to save him. So years ago I was very close with someone I had him he had me. He had met a girlfriend after a pretty awful breakup and all seemed well. However, she claimed sexual harrassment from some guy. she kept him with the narrative that this bloke tried something on her when later on she confirmed she never experienced it and just wanted my friend to hurt the guy because (and I only have the guys word to go off) she was leading him on and intentionally making him feel bad whilst doing some light flirting when he felt down. This was one of her disgusting acts that she would pull off.  But just last year this girl resorted to some disgusting tactics for no reason with him and I will now go in order of events. A week before my friends birthday she starts airing him. Its a little weird but it was just what happened. She didn't see him on his birthday. She comes back the day after but something wasn't right. His aunt passes away. Then valentines day comes and all hell breaks loose. She calls him selfish for trying to consul in her for his lost family so close to valentines. She calls off their date and airs him. I tried to comfort him but he was a mess. We discussed routes he should take but he wouldn't take any of them he needed her back. He would try to contact her only for her to block him and start making some downright despicable stories behind his back which led to an influx of bullying messages. None of these were true or made any sense. The one I remember is that he beat her. This man is in no way physically strong and the girl is a kickboxer who goes to lessons actively. Then she pulled the same sexual assault story again at his newest low point to harm him further. He was breaking and felt he had no where. I tried to convince him not to try to go back to her. He didn't agree. A month after I see him again. He is back with her. I ask what he is doing. She told him she never said the SA story and that it was a friend and he was desperate to get back with her so he did. His family aren't OK but he just brushed them off as being too harsh and critical of her. This is my last attempt to make a wrong right. I failed him by not saving him from his own desire earlier, but I am goddamned determined to save him no matter what. What methods could I use to put logic back into him? Her stunt led to him becoming more dependent on her to an unhealthy point as he doesn't want to lose her ever since he cares for her but doesn't recognise she uses him. All I need to know is do you think he's too far gone or do I have a chance/method to bring him back to a more healthy life without this girl who has scared him into dependence. I still wont let him down and will continue forthn until he is safe. Thank you to anyone who replies.