Before we started dating, my bf and I had a lot of very close mutual friends. I asked if he would be my roommate. After a while I developed feelings and we started dating. He was extremely respectful and didn't make any moves on me. I was the first to initiate anything romantic and he endured everything we did was 100% consensual. We really got to know eachother. He became my best friend. Then one day someone yelled at us from across the street calling him a rapist before disappearing into a house. We were both horrified. He seemed genuinely confused about it and spiraled into a deep depression that night. He said he had no idea what was going on. I started to ask around and someone finally told me the name of the girl he supposedly raped. I told him her name and he said he remembered matching with her on tinder 2.5 years ago, drunkenly meeting with her after a night of them both drinking heavily, and vaguely remembers going to his place, them having consensual sex, and waking up with her gone. (I knew that he had been an alcoholic back then and he says that it probably contributed to how little he could remember as he was blackout drunk the night of the incident). I decided to message her to ask if the rumours were true. She didn't reply for weeks, I decided not to bug her any more about it. After a while I couldn't handle the possibility of him being a rapist and broke up with him one night. That same night, he attempted suicide and I stopped him. I took him to the ER and they put him in the psych unit. I texted his family and our friends explaining the whole situation (I am close with his family). While he was in the hospital, I visited him regularly. No matter how much I pried, he couldn't remember anything else about that night. (At this point in my life I became extremely anorexic and suicidal, and a lot of my mental health issues still stem from the accusations and his suicide attempt) Then the girl finally responded to my message and gave me a detailed account of her night with him. Their stories match up exactly except instead of consensual sex she says she was raped. She says he forcefully took her phone out of her hands, pulled her hair down, and forced himself onto her. This thought absolutely disgusts me. She also says she never reached out to police about it and has kept it a secret for most of her life. I told my boyfriend what she said and he was shattered by it, frustrated at himself for not being able to remember more. My bf has since vowed to quit drinking forever. He still seems to not believe that it could have happened but we both agree that some sort of misconduct must have occurred that night as it is hard to believe that she would make these accusations for nothing. But I also still can't imagine him being capable of rape and am still completely in love with him. He was and is still one of the most gentle and respectful men in my life, and I can't understand how, even under the influence, he could go against his shy, reserved nature and violate someone like this. It has now been many months since this incident. He has since been released from the hospital and we've started dating again. He constantly strives to prove himself to me and the people around him but it is now months later and I still always have it in the back of my mind. I often worry that I have made the wrong choice by supporting his healing process instead of distancing myself from him. I have always been inclined to believe women who say they are rape victims but I have never heard any other stories of him doing anything like this. My bf was raised well with 3 sisters, loving parents, and great friends who I know well. None of us can understand how he could have it in himself to rape someone but I am still trying to live with that possibility. He has also written the girl a detailed apology to which she has still never replied. I am neither accusing her of lying nor him being a rapist, we simply will never know for sure. I am still in love with him. Am I doing the right thing by attempting to move past this and date him? Is there anything else we can do to help the girl? Please help