My twin sister who is 16 was diagnosed with anxiety and depression, as well as anorexia about 8 months ago. It’s a long story that i won’t be able to fit into this post but basically she has this boyfriend who she has been on and off with every other day for the past year. He’s very toxic for her and is emotional and verbally abusive. He threatens to post personal text messages and pictures from her online and he has before. She is constantly crying and getting upset over him, and every time she vows she will stop talking to him and not go back to him. But she eventually does every time. She sneaks him into our house at night when my dad is sleeping and they drink and smoke weed in her room. At first I wasn’t too worried about the weed because even i have smoked occasionally however she has gotten to the point where she smokes several times a day every day, even before she goes to school. She is on anti depressants and an anxiety medication but she often skips her doses because she “forgets.” She sees a psychiatrist about every 3 months but she refuses to go to a therapist even though i’ve recommended her to my old therapist who was actually very nice and helpful with my anxiety when i was going to her. She constantly has outbursts, presumably from fighting with her boyfriend, and the police has even come to the house to talk to her. The visit from the police was actually very unprofessional and i think it was handled horribly, especially when they were dealing with a mentally unstable teenage girl. They threatened to throw her in jail and “baker act” her. She used to talk to me about what she was going through and when she was fighting with her boyfriend, but now she has completely shut me out and is not talking to anyone about her problems. She has said a few times before that she has thought about harming herself and i have gotten a few worrying text from her boyfriend to check on her because she is telling him she wants to commit suicide and such. When i ask her about it she says she’s not serious and would never do that, but i’m not sure. It’s come to a point where she is crying non stop everyday even in school and she will barely get out of her bed. Sorry for the huge essay but i just need some advice on what to do. My parents think maybe we should check her into a hospital but i’m not sure.