So, idk what to call him, my ex/boyfriend/guy im talking to/have been talking to on and off again for 5 years has been reaching out to me. Throughout our whole relationship its been really bad. We were physical with eachother the first year, to the point i just dont want to get into all the fights but yea, he changed and stopped being physically abusive after a year or so. We've been broken up for about 2 months now. I told him while we were together that i felt distant. He kept pushing me away and made me feel less than. So i decided to end things. I decided i was ready to let go. He's been constantly call on fake numbers/ restricted number and all social media platforms just to contact me. Ive been really trying to move on. It really annoys me when my phone keeps on ringing and it wastes my battery so i answered his call. He says he wants to try and go to couples counseling. Ive told him before that i wanted to go but hes never given it a second thought while we were together, saying things like"y waste money on a therapist when i can just tell you whats wrong" "ofc someone we pay is gonna care but they wont actually change anything". Ive always thought that couples counseling will help us in the end, because we always fought almost everyday we were together. Theres so many issues between us im not sure if they can be fixed at this point. I wanted to let it all go and start out fresh when im ready to move. Theres been so much physical and verbal abuse in our history that i really think that its too late to try at this point in our lives. He keeps telling me he wants to get married and that he loves me. I kept telling him marriage doesnt equal happiness, being with the right person who doesnt try to hurt you is what happiness. Someone who doesnt make you feel less than or disrespected is someone that can make me happy. I see that he's really trying to change but i truly dont know whether or not being with eachother is the right way to move forward in my life. Now that he knows that im not interested in being with him, because of all our history, he wants to try the therapy. Should i give him another chance?