So, I started talking to a girl that I went to middle school with again recently after about 10+ years. She lives in Texas, I live in Upstate New York. We got to talking and things sped up kinda quick and she was feeding into it so it seemed okay. Mind you she was previously married and has a kid with her now ex husband (they have been apart for about 3 years) but the way he left her: after 5 years of being together/married she says that he said he woke up one day and hated her... he then ended up leaving for some girl in Ohio. So there is damage there that I am aware of, nobody would take that lightly.. anyway i book a flight to go see her and hang out with her but during that waiting period for my flight, things started to feel more serious between us. it felt as though we were technically dating. Pet names, good morning, goodnight, heart/kissing emojis, there was even talk of me potentially moving to Texas and she even brought up the fact that her grandparents may end up staying with her full time and asked if I would be okay with that... it felt like the real deal. So the day comes a couple months later (a week ago today) I made it to the airport but things had felt distant from her side, I let it slide for as long as I can but I have flight delays and cant sleep because I dont want to miss my flight and end up only having 30 minutes of "rest" in a 34 hour period. I ask her if everything is okay because shes been a bit distant and she says that she has been freaking out because we are about to be face to face, so nerves.. that's fine, I expected it because I was nervous as hell also. I get there finally and we hug for like a literal minute when she picked me up from the airport. The next day it feels not right like there is definitely distance, so after a while we talk about it because I couldnt take it any longer and she breaks down crying saying that she knew that was gonna happen because it always does and says it's because of her ex husband and the damage he has done. We talk a bit longer and she says she doesn't know what to do because she doesn't want to lose me but also isnt ready for a relationship, but doesn't want to drag me out.. so we finally agree on a total reset, take things day by day and we pinky promised on it (as cheesy as that sounds they are important to the both of us when locked with a thumb touch) The rest of the trip seemed good after that elephant was removed from the room. But now that I'm home it feels like the only way that we communicate is if I start the conversation and she is shorter than what it used to be.. and she used to react to almost all of my social media posts and it's been 2 days and not a single reaction.. I havent talked to her for a full 24 hours I sent the last message and it was about her work and I havent heard anything since... What should I do??