Background: So I'm 18 just graduated from high school. I've always been told I act, maturely, older than my age.  I don't plan on going to college right now. I don't think I'm that attractive (hence to why I'm on a diet right now) but other people say I am. But no girl has ever said "you're so hot" or anything like that. I'm going to go to tech school for heating and air conditioning. I work at a local grocery store as an office clerk full time. Everybody at work loves working with me because I understand people. My manager loves it when I work, the store manager has said I'm one of the most valuable people in the store and if I wanted to, I could move up in the retail business. What most people don't see is my struggle with depression, cutting and suicide.  I try to not let that affect my work. I try to hide it. We wear long sleeve shirts at work and now I can't roll my sleeves up because of the judgment that will come.  When people say "how are you doing?" It's always the same response "good" or "fine." I don't tell people about how I'm feeling. I only let a few of my close friends know about how I'm actually feeling. Because what would be someone's response to "I feel suicidal today" "I feel like it would be better if I wasn't here?" I do my best to cover it up. But some days I just can't handle it and it does affect my work. I've never fucked up really bad or anything I just don't perform how I usually do. I've had 1 girlfriend in my life and it only lasted for 3 months. I just feel like no girl wants me. No girls I've met want a serious relationship and just end up being friends. But I just want someone to love me as much as I love them. I mean am I asking too much for someone to cuddle with me for hours on end? Am I asking too much if I want to feel wanted by my SO? I just want to find the love of my life and be happy and feel wanted and them love me as much as I love them and put as much effort into the relationship as I do. I want someone to care about the things I do. It really hits you hard when you're drunk and realize nobody but your family really cares about you. I want someone to care about me and want me and need me. Yes I'm very insecure about myself and everything about myself. Tonight is one of those nights where I feel like it'd be better if I wasn't here. I want to go talk to my parents because they're very understanding but I dont want to worry them anymore than I already am.