I know this isn't really serious or important and Im sorry. But it is to me. Very..So my problem began like 4 days ago. My friends were planning to meet up (despite the virus) in a park. I wasnt sure about this but I really missed them so I agreed. For some weird, unexplained reason I thought it was suppost to be in the next week, but they mey up 2 data ago. So a day before the meeting I was watching a movie and I werent online (I didnt think I would need to be 24/7 online but OH WELL). Suddenly I got a text message from one of my friends. She seemed panicked and serious in it so I checked Messenger and there was a whole ass drama there. People canceling because of certain reasons (serious ones). But my friend just couldnt understand. She was furious and she said that "she feels like everyone abandoned her". So I texted her to see wth is happening. She started to blame me for misundertaning the date of the meeting and for not being able to drop everything and travel 50 km by bus during the pandemic. In the middle of texting she just stopped displaying my messages. I tried contacting her multiple times but she just wont dispay them. If that wasnt enough, she invited our ex friend, who did some bad stuff and hurt me a lot. And IF THAT WASNT ENOUGH, the rest of my friends started completly ignoring me, for example , they were having a nice conversation on our group chat, typical stuff, and I decided to take a part in that too. That obviously killed the mood as they didnt respond to me and didnt write anything in like a day. I know it may look so overdramatic and childish, but what can I do if they act like this? They mean a lot to me because they helped me during the hard part of my life (narcisistic parents and stuff) and I just dont understand why are they acting like that out of the blue. I even thought about texting them that if they dont respond untill the end of the day, its over. I wont wait like a dog for its owner until they miracously decide Im worth their attention. If they at least explained WHY they are mad at me, it wouldnt be as bad and confusing. Can someone help me? Should I end this friendship or wait? I truły dont know.