I’ll try to spare all the details or else this will be extremely long, but when I was around 12/13 my dad had an affair with my moms only friend, also her best friend. This DESTROYED my mom in every way imaginable. It also destroyed our family. But my mom stayed. She became a depressed, drug addict, alcoholic mess for the rest of her time until she passed in May 2019. This woman lived 5 houses down from us and my mom had to see her every single day of her life. We eventually moved, but things didn’t change. She overdosed multiple times, even to the point of not breathing several of those times, but was always found in enough time to save her. But this time it was too late. It was a week day and every one was at work but me, my dad woke me up to a phone call saying he’d been calling my mom for hours but she hadn’t been answering and asked me to go check on her. I went downstairs and found her face down on the floor with a flashlight in her hand looking as if she dropped something under the couch. I kept shaking her and yelling her name but she wouldn’t answer, and I couldn’t flip her over and I tried with all my might. She was extremely cold to the touch but I couldn’t tell if she was breathing or not passed away of an overdose. I called 911 and rushed them to get there while in a panic. The cop walked in and flipped her over and I IMMEDIATELY knew it was too late and BURST into tears and ran out my house, because her entire face was an extremely deep purple so she had to of been there for hours. It was the absolute worst day of my life. Anyway, on Valentine’s Day I was looking at my dads Facebook and he put up a sweet picture of my mom and him, with a really cute caption about how much he misses her and loves her and would do anything to see her again, and wishing the two of them a happy anniversary. (Valentines day is their anniversary date, this year would make 24 years.) I was scrolling through the comments and I swear it took everything inside of me not to lose my shit when I seen the woman he cheated with had the AUDACITY to comment on this post. She said “Awwww!! She’s with you everyday *heart emoji.* big hugs to you!!” I swear I was about to flip out. Because it was Valentine’s Day I didn’t say anything to my dad, but I still don’t know what to say. Like why is he even friends with her on facebook?!?! I’m am so mad it’s not even funny.