I met my ex two years ago, we were in a long distance relationship and she never came to visit me but I visited her about 4 times through out our 1 year and half relationship and I stayed in average about 2 month. I visited about 90% of her family and friends, which to this day, makes me sad because she didn’t even meet my mom. She lied to me about a communication she was having with her ex for 6 month and every time I see someone texting her at odd hours, she was keep telling me “he is just a friend, stop being jealous” I had my suspicions and I looked at her phone and I found out she was lying, one line still sticks to my head “let’s go to a hotel and fuck, no one has to know” her response was a laugh, I was just furious, I left the phone and went to bed and when she woke up, she found out, her first word out of her mouth was “are you going to leave me?” I didn’t think about that at all, I just wanted to know why she did it, I took one day off, I am in a foreign land, mind you, I am in love with this girl. I did everything a man should do for a girl, I paid pretty much for most of the meal, I traveled for her, she lived with her mom so I didn’t want to invade her moms privacy so I rented an apartment through Airbnb, I made her special day special, literally bought her whatever she asked. I went above and beyond to be the best I can be but she still lied to me and when I found out why, it was her abusive ex, she was afraid I was gonna leave and she was afraid of him that he will do something but I always made Sure she knew, nothing she should be afraid To tell me, that includes anyone and I tell you, I really wanted to kill that man, she told me everything and instead of feeling mad, I just wanted to comfort her. It took me only 5 days to say, you don’t have to do anything, I forgive you. 5 days. I knew I had so many questions and I know abusive situations don’t just leave you, just like that. I know some people develop attachment but like this guy was just a piece of shit. She told me he raped her in a park. When she told me some of these things I was crying in front of her but inside I was just furious. She blocked him that day. A week later, he messaged her again with a different number and she blocked him again. I was just controlling my feelings and being there for her but that second message wasn’t just disrespectful but invasion of her privacy. Mind you, I am the first bf her family met, her mom doesn’t know anything about this guy she dated and she is really close with her mom and dad. I really don’t know why she didn’t tell her mom and I didn’t ask and I Should have. so been 9 month since that day I saw the text message. Me and her decided to rent apartment because I was in the process of moving my life for her. I was basically paying 80% of the rent for apartment I won’t even live in for 6 month. Why? She is a hair dresser and only make about $2k a month, only been at the job for 2 years and it wasn’t enough for the apartment I wanted which was $2000 a month. I just did It to Make her happy and it was a cheaper option than Airbnb. So I gave her first month and deposit. For four month, I was taking care of my mom, I was spending the money I have available to pay for her surgeries and hospital bills. When I say money available I mean, money available in my checking, I have money in compound saving and investments. This emergency literally was just dropped on my hand. My mistake was lying to her and telling, I was sending her money when I didn’t but i already knew, when I go see her, I was going to take care of it and tell her everything so after 4 month I bought a ticket to spend Christmas and New Years with her, I needed this time with her and away from everything more than anything in the world but three days before I was going to see her, she broke up with me over a text. It’s like a sinking feeling, like the whole world was collapsing on you. I didn’t really knew what to do. So for a month, rather than backing away, I just did stupid things but they are like things that don’t matter at all and when she talked to me, she said “if I am being selfish, wait for me” I mean my head is saying, send her the money and go see her, go chase her and the other part of my head is pissed, like this girl lied to me for 6 month and it didn’t even took me a week to forgive her but she broke up with me over a text message, I just felt like she expected me to pay her and be quite and that made me feel like I am being used. I don’t want to put her in any financial trouble but I don’t really know what to do and then here comes the insults from her, like you did This to me, like I forced her to rent the apartment, instead of two adults talking, she turned into a victim, I mean this a girl I would take a bullet for but some of the things she was saying, weren’t just hurtful, they fucked me in my head. In this past two month, while this is happening, my mom recovered, my uncle died, my best college friend killed himself and I just went to a dark place I never thought I would. I just needed her even more, I just wanted to talk to her even more but instead I got stop harassing me, i will call the cops etc. all I wanted was someone to listen and care, just to show some love. Two weeks ago, I found a text from her friend, that guy is back. I just couldn’t believe it. It literally flipped everything inside of me and when I confronted her. She said “he isn’t the only guy I slept with” this is a girl who plastered, I am a feminist all over her instagram. I mean, did she lied to me, when she said she blocked him? I mean after everything, how could you break up with me for something I did to save my mom but she has audacity to sleep with someone who raped and abuse her? Like I know I should just move on and leave it alone but I don’t know why, my head can’t stop thinking. It’s not just a need of a closure but back when I found that text message, if she actually lied to me about the whole abuse and rape and she actually cheated on me   And I skimp through the whole betrayal because I was trying to take care of her? Like I don’t know what to do and I wish some Of you can tell me. My uncle and my friend situation is putting me in a terrible position and I am not just sad, I just feel shattered in pieces.