*Not sure if simple is the right word. I know that when we were younger we dream of great things like becoming the president, inventing something revolutionary, etc. and a lot of dreams deemed as “successful.” As much as I hate to admit it, I put a lot of pressure measuring my success and often compare myself with the people around me. I know that comparison is unhealthy but sometimes I feel like I could be mediocre as compared to others. I’m 21, I got into one of the best universities in my country but I feel like this was also the start of getting in touch with reality. I was content with the blessing of just being there, receiving great education and such but it’s also where I saw how much farther others could go in life as compared to me. I know it’s an unhealthy way of thinking but it often makes me feel like I’m wasting an opportunity given to me. I do want to work hard and do my best in a lot of things but In a world where the things we place on our resume plays a big part in getting a good job, i felt a lot of pressure to become a model student or take as much experience I can at university. Was i successful? Nope. I’m a very reserved person and am also trying to recover from anxiety. Taking on leadership positions has never been a fit for me. I enjoy following others. However with that, when I was typing out stuff to add to my resume, I could barely fill up the page. It stressed me out a lot because I felt like I was lagging behind by so much compared to others. The people around me didn’t help out much. I hung around with people who were much more... relaxed (sorry lack of a better term). It was great but now that we’re in our senior year, most of them are going to inherit their parents businesses anyway. I’m not rich and my parents have been working so hard to keep me in university which is also why this pressures me a lot.  I tried so hard to take every opportunity that a lot of the people I work with think I’m such a messy person. I’ve also disappointed a lot of people along the way because I couldn’t lead. If I could I’d love to just take on classes that I would actually enjoy but everyone around me are taking double degrees, specializations and all that! I’m sorry I feel like I’m just rambling. I guess I just feel like if I could, I’d love to enjoy my time here and not have to worry about keeping up with everyone. I’d love to trust that things will take its course in the right time but I feel like I might be too late on a lot of things because everyone around me have accomplished a lot of stuff already. I don’t know if I should continue overachieving or be content with what I can work with? Like... let go of the dream of becoming the CEO of some company for example because that has never been a great fit for me and just be content now, getting into a job that’s enough to keep me alive and never have to face the pressure of trying to keep up with everyone. I honestly don’t know how I sound right now. I don’t mean to sound negative or privileged as this is all off the top of my head. I’d really love any criticism and advice from you guys or if anyone’s facing a similar thing. Thank you!!