Im 22 (M) and i have been seeing this amazingly sweet girl (20) for now 4 months. We hang out all the time and we talk about each other and our relationship and everything in between. She is really caring for me and helps me in so many ways she cant even imagine. And she says the same stuff about me. She has been going through some rough times lately so she doesn't wanna be in like a boyfriend/girlfriend kinda relationship, which is fine with me also. We have talked a lot about it, but somehow we have misunderstood each other a little. Basically we had talked about that none of us really wanted to see anyone else or have sex with anyone else, or at least not actively seek it, but if it happens it happens and we are just gonna be honest with each other, and i would be totally fine with it, because its just sex and who cares. Now last night we where talking, and she has gotten invited out by a guy for dinner and she asked me how i feel about it, and i say well yes thats fine whatever if it's just a one time thing have fun, have sex whatever thats fine. But then apperently thats not what she wants. She says she would never be able to just have random one night stands, and if there was any connection with this guy, which she also don't know yet, then she would maybe want to be like seeing him. She says she would always prioritize me and she also would not do it if i dont feel good about it, but the last thing i wanna do is hold her back, i dont want her to feel restrained but i cannot do it if she wants to see someone else besides me.. that doesn't make any sense, when i am seeing someone i literally dont have any interest in SEEING anyone else, yea i MIGHT want to have sex if the opportunity arises but i would not want to be seeing anyone else. And now i feel so bad actually because obviously we want two different things, and i just really like her and i want to be her with her, but now i dont really see any solution on this. Also neither of us wants to not see each other, but what are we gonna do then? Why can't i just find a girl who wanna be in a simple monogamous relationship with me??? its always the same crap :'( i dont know what to dooooo