Me (19f) and my husband (21m) got married a year ago and I am starting to see why everyone thought we were too young. That said, I love him more than anything and want this to work. He is a college dropout, has been fired from multiple jobs because he sleeps through shifts, etc. We are supposed to be moving to Chicago in the fall so I can attend school and he was going to work a pretty well-paying job with his uncle, whom he looks up to a lot. This job is the only thing making me feel secure enough that he will actually be able to contribute and hold down a job because of his uncle. Unfortunately, due to recent circumstances (briefly, due to COVID-19 he has gone full doomsday) my father in law has been threatening my husband’s uncle and other family members. Here’s the part I don’t know what to do with. As can be expected, my husband is very stressed out by his dad’s actions. Every time I try to talk about this (or anything involving his feelings) he freaks out and storms off or says he “just can’t deal with it.” Today, I finally pulled out of him that he won’t ask his uncle for the job because of his dad’s threats. He won’t tell me what the threats were or say anything else about it. After he told me about this, I didn’t say anything because I knew he would just freak out, and sure enough when He asked again what I was thinking and I said “I just don’t think without the job with your Uncle we can move to Chicago.” Sure enough, he spazzed out and left. I have an awesome opportunity to go to a school that has a major I love but I cannot be the only one working and going to school and he simply can’t actually be trusted to hold down a job. His answer to this is that yes, he can. This is why he needed the job with his uncle, someone who can mentor him into a possible career because we want kids someday but he doesn’t seem to realize they cost money. I think he should see a therapist but he has refused in the past. I don’t know what to do besides call off the move and get a degree from a community college or something.