Hey im super new to reddit, i occasionally creep on the MIL and other family dramas to read. But,  getting to it my grandma has dementia. At least we believe so, she refuses to get diagnosed. I recently moved back home with the grandparents and mom and brother due to a personal situation where we lived. It's been good and we have both learned to be financially responsible. Its been decent here aside from my grandmother. She's 69 and takes horrible care of herself. Shes had incontinence multiple times and lied about sitting in something, along with literally spewing shit all over the bathroom and leaving it for us to clean. She also has horrible memory and has to be reminded 3-4 times a day of most things. She's left the stove on numerous times over the years until someone called it out. Tonight after being out, bf and I go into the house and are headed upstairs. Im talking to my grandpa and my boyfriend calls me to the stairs. We go up and see the sink is on, full blast hot water. Now our sink takes a couple minutes to truly heat up so it isn't like anyone could've put it on. When I tell you it was hot to boiling hot water almost I wish I was joking. My brother is a 16 year old nerd who only comes out to eat and shit. We asked him who left it on and it wasn't him. She's also slammed bf hands in a draw for grabbing a wine bottle opener from the kitchen draw for my mom. She constantly starts fights and creates lies. When my grandpa contracted Corona, we knew it was her. She laid on the couch for three weeks with a diagnosis from the doc as "virus". I was pissed and obviously told her she needed to seek help along with him. She spun the story to that I told her to "drop dead in her bed". Now I was angry but despite all she's done shes my grandmother after all, im not heartless.We can speak to her or not and she gets aggressive and aggravated. I tell her yes or no and she will run to my grandpa and spin the story to what she believes as her own truth. Shes completely loosing her mind. What should we do? She refuses treatment at all and won't believe the diagnosis we think of as dementia. Thank you all. Im so sorry you made it this far and I can't write in an organized fashion.