Ok this I have been in this friend group for over a year. It has 3 core people me and 2 others. Over the year and half we have had many waves of people come in and out of the friend group. The out part isn't by choice most of the time. There is someone in the friend group let's call him NK. NK is normal the owner of the discord servers we hang out in. There was a point where I owned the discord server we hung out in and it happened to be our most popular one but NK got upset that the server wasnt 18 plus so we left that server and made a new one he was owner of. While I was owner of the sever I will call IC he would almost refuse to mention I was the owner of IC he would always say all of the admins are equal when it comes to the server but then when he owned the server we call SDT he would always have final say and whenever anyone did something he didnt like he would mention he was the owner and he could ban them if he wanted to. In the times of ALL of our servers I did the advertising I set up the bots for these and everything aswell. SDT fell becuase he had a ex that was stalking him going discord server to discord server. So then i made a server called BK while all of this was going down but NK didnt want to go the new server because he said it will splinter the friend group so basically I set up and entire discord server in a night so we could be left alone by his ex girlfriend and he didnt want to go but then I offered to transfer ownership of BK to him and then he wanted to go BK. Now fast forward to today. BK is basically dead the only people who talk in it are people who are close friends and were around in past servers because if anyone got on NK nerves he would ban them and then complain to me that my advertising wasnt working. So I decided to make another server where I was owner so that way it had room to grow and I could easily mange it without NK telling I couldn't do something to his server that I set up and manage the bots and advertise for. So I made this server called M1 and when I invited and gave him admin right away and told him it was a public server he got really upset asking why I'm not advertising BK I told him that he told me he wanted to fix up BK before we started advertising and it's been a month and no progress was made so I made my own server. He then told me that people have lives outside of discord and just because I have a lot of free time doesnt mean everyone does. But I'm looking at his steam profile right now and he has 30 hours in gta 5 in the past 2 weeks. It doesn't take that long to set up a server. I have lost so many friendships to NK just banning people because he didnt like what they said. There are storys I left out here I just told you all of 2020 I didnt even tell you 2019 or 2018. Or the time he tried to out depression someone who was suicidal in public chat of his server because people werent responding to him.