Ok I know that no one can tell me “what to do with my life” and that “only I know what is best” but i’m so lost. I’m hitting a new low that I haven’t hit before. I don’t care about anything at this point because I feel so deep in this pit. I’m 19(f) I dropped out of college after my first semester due to depression/confusion on what my life even means (i’m basically having a prolonged existential crisis that won’t go away) I moved back in with my family (my family is extremely toxic) my home is so messy, chaotic , loud, and I can’t function here. My parents are like children they did not plan for my siblings or I and our futures so after high school I just have to “figure it out”. I’m not trying to complain and I know my life could be so much worse but I feel like crap. In high school I was really involved in music I started to learn guitar my junior year (i’m still learning) and i’ve been singing for as long as I can remember nothing live just in school extracurricular like choir, theater, or on social media. I was so delusional i’m high school and thought ok i’ll go to community college for basics then transfer to save money but when I started taking these basic classes I lost interest and was like “why am I spending my money on this bs” I don’t mean to bash higher education but Idk if it’s right for me. I did AP and made all A’s in high school but I hated every second of it. Anyways back to the present moment I don’t know what to do. I want to move out so bad but i’m so scared I don’t know how to do much like if I could even afford an apartment (i’ve been a barista for two years in my home town and saving) I don’t have much probably $5,000 to my name and luckily no student debt because I earned a scholarship for last semester of college. But I don’t want to go back to college unless it’s for music which is an associates program for production or music business at the community college. the community college I attended and this program is in the city near me but unfortunately my parents live far from I only went to this school last semester because I stayed at my grandmothers (I can’t do this again because she has mental issues and it’s too much pressure on me it’s very complicated and I made the decision to not go back there because it almost cause me to relive trauma I experienced last semester living there). I just want to be creative I need to express myself I know this post is all over the place and if you have read this far you’re probably so confused on what i’m even trying to get an answer on and I really don’t know I need advice or ideas. I feel so stupid like my brain says “music is a bad idea you started too late and it’s too competitive” and then my brain says “you’ll never be able to have a real career in anything you like your stuck” it goes on and on. I just want to run away and start over. I want to be successful so bad I don’t even care about money I really want to make a difference in some way I know it sounds cliche but I mean it. I feel like what else is the point of my existence I know this isn’t all for nothing but I don’t know what my “why” is yet. I know i s till young and naive but I’m just so directionless. thanks for reading all of this if you have it really means a lot to me.