I'm a freshman in highschool, kinda young, I know. I don't struggle with schoolwork really other than the heavy workload. I've stayed on the right path and I've always been (and still am) an all A student. The thing is, I'm just not satisfied and I've never been. I swear to God no matter what im into, there is someone who is always better. It sucks that I spend lots of time studying and practicing but I can't catch up. I've worked my way into taking precalculus in the 9th grade, I've skipped ahead two years in Chinese, and I'm trying to take physics over the summer to pull even farther ahead. I've put in so much work but it's never enough. There is basically one reason I'm doing all of this and it's just to try and feel like I'm worth something. There is this one guy I've spent my entire middle school life trying to catch up to, but I still cant. This dude is basically a senior in highschool but he's actually a freshman. He's two years ahead in science, two years ahead in highschool english, and three years ahead in math. I can guarantee he's done more, but he transferred schools for highschool so I wouldn't know. No matter how much work I put in, I can't catch up! Im already overwhelmed by the workload I have right now and I can't imagine trying to take even more advanced classes. I just don't understand what I'm missing! Why can he handle all of those classes but I can't? Why is there so much of a difference between me and him? I know I'm going to get the advice of "ohh just don't compare yourself to other people it's not healthy," but how? What makes matters even worse is that there is another kid just like him at my school, but the only difference is that he is in my precalculus class. I can't even take 2nd place. It's getting harder for me to keep working but I know I have to. I need to study so I can get a decent job. My parents also keep putting on pressure and every time I'm feeling overwhelmed they just make things worse. I thought that if I advanced quickly in school my parents wouldn't bother me, but now they are giving me unrealistic standards. They think I'm some super human that can't get tired, so obviously I'm just being lazy when I'm unmotivated. Then I also have thoughts about being in a relationship but I know I wouldn't have time for that. I'm too busy with my sport and studies to give a relationship any effort. I feel so lonely and want someone to hug me and tell me that I've done good.  I want a break but I can't because I have to maintain my image of being one of the smart kids. I have to keep working so I can meet my parents standards. My intelligence is my only redeeming quality, but even then it's trash compared to others. Why do people think I have it easy for being smart? Why can't someone just say take it easy, you've done good. I guess I haven't done enough? How can I get rid of these thoughts? How can I relax? Someone please help. Sorry if I was just rambling. I just needed to vent somehow. Sorry if didn't make much sense because it's currently 11 am while I'm having a slight meltdown.