This is the most lost I’ve ever felt and I’m only 18. I spent the begging of my high school career playing football at a powerhouse high school, I’m talking we’re privileged as hell , alternate jerseys and helmets, big ass weight room, a stadium to play in and unfortunately my mental state was so shit aswell as my grades and I ended up quitting  shortly before my varsity year started. I became severely depressed, cut everyone off, and regretted it for the rest of my high school career. I’ve always had this mentality that everyone hates me so quitting sports made it worse, and of course I took it all out on video games. I spent my junior year in a deep depression. Fast forward senior year, hopped on no fap, I still relapse here and there but I definitely notice benefits, my grades finally got better, but I was stuck in a vicious cycle of school work school work, but eventually added the gym and became more happier. Now fast forward to now, corona has cancelled out my senior year, I’ve always struggled with loneliness, which I can probably blame myself for, but I feel like all my friends are temporary and just want to play Xbox with me, so it’s whatever. This is also bother which I can’t seem to get over a couple of weeks back this girl at work which I never said a word to her but then she started latching on to me, mind you I’d been hitting the gym constantly and started taking care of Myself,Ive always had low self esteem and figured no girl would want me, but I asked her to get ice cream as a joke and she was down, but I got sent home early since the store was slow, then she asked if we’re still going but I said I can’t. I bitched out. Next week the same shit happened but somehow her friend at work confronted me and asked me if I liked her and I kept denying and it got pissed, I felt like she was trying to fuck it up for me. Another example of the everyone hates me mentality, but the girl I liked was smiling and cool with it, yet I was pissed the whole time after that. She even came up to me at the end and asked if I wanted to eat with them after and I said “I don’t know” In a pissed tone, because I thought she felt bad for me or some shit. I can’t believe myself, but later that night she followed me and didn’t see it till 3 days later because I was off social media. We got to snapping and shit but it was so dry. Then next week we kept smiling at each other and messing with each other. So the week after I asked her if her prom didn’t get cancelled, that we would go together, she said that she was trying to get my info that day I was upset but it was too late and she had to find someone quickly because of her group. That was the biggest slap in the face for me, I’ve legit thought of myself of a loser my entire life and here I am brushing off the one girl that actually showed me attention. I don’t want to snap her anymore because it’s just lame face pics. But the deeper problem is me. I have a supportive family, everything I could ask for, yet I am depressed as fuck. I’m just so lost in life, I feel like I’m gonna die a loner or become a bum again.. I’m just at a lost for words typing this. I know all of this reversible what steps can I take to better myself with all this free time and not blow it all on Xbox? I know damn well I’m overthinking everything. I just need the right guidance. I’ve always want to create YouTube videos but I’m always so hesitant.. and anxious.