\[WARNING this'll be very long\] I met this girl online through instagram a little over a year ago, and eventually started talking to her on discord. I met all her friends and they were just, the worst. I really like some of them but most were these toxic nice guys who only talked to her because shes cute and would constantly berate her by treating her like a toddler. I eventually confronted her about the situation with most of her friends and she did *nothing*. Eventually they all found out how I felt about them and convinced her that I was toxic to her and the reason why she was so depressed and anxious at the time. So within a week or two I got banned from her discord server and we took a break from talking for a couple weeks. But we started talking again and became really close because she met a guy off of tinder that she really liked, and all the people who I said were desperate and "nice guys" proved what I said about them by not even giving this guy a shot. I thought he was a fairly decent guy and didn't see much wrong with him. Then I noticed red flags, like how he didn't give a shit about me and her other friends, he never talked about her to his friends, and he didn't share anything about his personal life to her even though she was sharing a lot of her personal life with him. But out of fear that it'd just be a part 2 of what happened with her toxic friends I didn't say anything and just prayed she would see the red flags. But she didn't. (she met him in early July btw shortly after I got unbanned from her server and we started talking again) So in early August he moved to the south, and he only told her a week and a half beforehand even though it was something he planned with his friend before he even met her. By then I told her he was getting really suspicious and I was worried. So in mid August he was already settling in his new state and out of nowhere left every discord server he was in that had her and all her mutual friends and unfriended everyone, I friended him again and asked what he was doing and he just said "not in a good mental state rn, need a break from stuff" and unfriended me right after. Later that day she managed to talk to him and she asked why he did what he did and he said something along the lines of "I miss home and you guys remind me of home", and that would be fine, but he was still talking to his friends and playing games with them. Some of them he's known since he was a kid, call me crazy but wouldn't they remind him of home too? It wasn't adding up in my head. So she spent about a month and a half talking to me and some mutual friends a lot and thats when I fell in love with her. There wasn't any drama cause all her toxic friends became irrelevant and her tinder bf wasn't in the picture it seemed. It was the first time ever I actually got to talk to her with no shitty people around, and I loved it. But then in late September he came back, and I flipped shit. I told her it wasn't a good idea and that she was gonna fall for him again and she just said shit like "don't worry I just want to keep him as a friend" and 'I'm not gonna get attached like last time". Well that didn't age well because she DID fall for him within a week and on the 1st of October she got high while talking to him and he convinced her to block me and ban me. I found out at 5 A.M when I woke up for no reason, checked discord, saw what happened, and had an anxiety attack. I stayed home from school and didn't leave bed at all that day, I just kept talking to a mutual friend that convinced her to unblock me and unban me. I got my apology and everything but things didn't feel the same. so in that time frame of a few months he flew out to meet each her twice, she payed for HIS plane ticket BOTH times even though she was the broke college student and he was the 20 year old man with a job. But relations between me and her seemed to take a turn for the better in January when I finally told her that I loved her and cared about her. And a week or two ago I convinced her to buy GTA V and I began playing it with her a ton while he was at work or sleeping. He didn't like that at all, and he began guilt tripping her saying it made him feel shitty that she was talking to me and that if she didn't pick a side he'd "pick one for her". And for that following week she ignored my messages and only talked to him. Last night he convinced her to block me on discord (I already got banned from her discord server by him in December). We still follow each other on instagram and we're still friends on facebook, so it wasn't a complete cutoff, but I DM'd her on instagram last night after I found out and was having another anxiety attack. I haven't gotten a response, hell she hasn't even read it. I have a couple anxiety disorders (general anxiety and OCD) along with Depression. For the entire time I've known her it wasn't uncommon for me to overthink situations revolving around her and for me to overreact and think she was mad when she really wasn't. But the past few months with him back have been hell for me, I've never had more bouts of depression in my life and even a few times all the stress made me suicidal. I love her more than anyone I've ever met and I don't know what to think anymore. I ask for advice from friends and family but they either tell me that I should never talk to her again or sugar coat things and say it's in the hands of god or fate (I live in a christian household). Although I don't doubt the existence of god, I'm not a chirstian like my parents and a few of my siblings. So here I am on reddit, please tell me what I should consider doing kind strangers