Hi, I’ve been going to counseling off an on for many years, so I’ve met with many people, I’m in college now and it’s been rough so I got a counselor through the school. Honestly we never really clicked so it just felt sort of painfully awkward, which I know happens, so I just figured I’d stick with it. Talking with my friend I realized it’s actually really not a great situation. I’ve been speaking with him about how I’m trying to stay positive and he just keeps bringing up really negative situations in the world right now that are bigger than me, and don’t have anything to do with me. And when I try to change the topic back to me he does it again after a few minutes. He also keeps talking about how down he’s been, which I get a little is okay but I’ve found I’ve been trying to give him advice because he keeps complaining to me, it’s very uncomfortable. On our last appointment (on zoom) he asked how classes were and I mentioned it was hard to understand the expectations of my professors because they all post very differently on the website so it’s hard to know where to find the information. He suggested I reach out to my colleges Academic Support Center to learn the site and I explained that I understand it, it’s just my professors use it differently. I appreciated the attempt at a solution and tried to move on with the conversation and he said that the staff in the academic support center don’t have anyone to help and their job relies on it so I really should go to them. I tried again to explain I don’t need their help with this and he then brought up that I’m one of the only reasons he has his job right now. Then checked that we are meeting next week. It made me feel really pressured and uncomfortable. I think he means well but it’s been making my anxiety and depression worse every week after my appointment, I’m coming to him because I’m already struggling with a lot of pressure and it’s honestly really adding to it. I only have a few weeks left but I guess I want to stop counseling, but I really don’t know how. I also really don’t want to talk to him about why, it’s extremely uncomfortable and I’ve given the situation many changes. I’m feeling pretty lost with what exactly to do and it’s giving me lots of anxiety :/  Has anyone been through something similar? Does anyone know how to stop counseling without having to give an explanation? Any advice?