Hello. Now, let's get things clear, I'm 12 and have this little "friend" of mine that DEMANDS I do the the things he wants to do. I want to hang out with some of my better friends? Nope, I have to go with him. I want to watch some YouTube on my xbox? Nope, I have to go on his games with him, the biggest one is roblox which in my opinion is for 4 year old brats who want to try to get a roblox girlfriend. I want to walk to school on my own? Nope, gotta get him as well. I could go on, but you get the idea. I tried to distance myself from him several times in primary school but one time he told the teachers that I tried to beat him up and steal his phone (why did an 8 year old have a phone? I don't know). The teachers ate this stuff up like how my dad eats sugar with his nose. I got a speaking to by the head teacher and even my mum thought it was true. I'm going to call this kid "billy" from now on because yeah. Billy was a toxic one. Nobody liked him. The other day, we were talking because he made me to and we went onto the topic of crushes. Oh no I thought. Oh no indeed. He went on and on about how his crush (who is in year5, mind you we are in year7. Yeah, noncy I know) and then the dreaded question finally arose. " who is your crush ?" He said in a snobbish tone. I casually said no. He didn't like that one bit. He kept on asking and I kept on saying no. After 3 or 4 times of asking, he hit me in the nuts. I caved in, telling him who it was. Fast forward to Friday where my good friend (let's call him john) made a group chat with me, my crush, Billy and a few others, including john. Billy immediately does the most pathetic attempt at a raid I have ever seen. Billy does this and everyone tells him to stop. He carrys on, spamming the chat with weird pictures and the likes. I tell him to stop when at last, all is at ease when john removes him. But then, billy joins back in again, berating ME for apparently removing him and then it happens, billy sends my crush a PM saying that I like her, but not in a normal way. Billy made it out that I was a complete perv and that apparently I wanted to do unspeakable things to her. That was yesterday and as far as I'm concerned, I'm a registered sex offender. My life is not so good.