This post is really gonna be a crap show, but I've been without help on this for quite some time now. My mom can be very inconsiderate and sometimes just downright unsupportive. I have dual-credit classes (Basically college-level courses but in high school) and I tell her I have trouble sleeping all the time. She keeps waking me up at night to do laundry at 2 am and I keep telling her that I need to sleep to keep up with these classes. I don't know how many times I've had days when I'm just so tired from sleep deprivation, I'd just skip school some days. She still keeps doing that though and slamming my door and turning on my lights at 1-2 in the morning. Every time I confront her about it she keeps misconstruing me trying to get my sleep as "attitude". Then she gets mad for at least 3 days about it. This has been going on all throughout high school.  She also gives me very bad advice and she gets mad if I don't do them. Like for example, she tells me that I don't need deodorant, rubbing alcohol is better. She gives me the same response to everything that I confront her about, saying that I'm ungrateful and that I don't love her. She makes it so hard for me to talk to her. I can't ask for a screwdriver without her losing her temper for 5 minutes. At one time I was sad and I just wanted to talk to her about my feelings. That I was trying to keep up with my grades but it's hard and just so many other things that I don't share with her about because I knew she would just freak out. But I gave it a shot for just this one time and I sat down and talked to her and she just tells me that I'm not doing my best for her because I'm sad and that she can't work if I'm like this so I should deal with it. She keeps impeding on my dual-credit work. This one time I was practicing my oral presentation for my dual credit class and she keeps asking if I wanted to go to the movies with my brother 5 times. And each time I tell her I was at a deadline and that I need time to work on this project but she kept asking me to go to the movies 3 more times and I tell her I can't and she stresses me out so much. And whenever I get stressed about her doing stuff like that she again just says I'm ungrateful and then she goes on to tell my other aunts and uncles about that and that I don't love her because of that. I'm just painted as someone to my family who doesn't love his mom even though I'm just trying to live my own life and doing my best. She even tells my little brother that I love her less. I just feel so alone. How can I keep going on knowing that my own mom doesn't think I love her?