I have been friends with these group of girls since the beginning of middle school and we’re hs seniors now. I’m close to one person especially, but we’ve been a bit distant as of late. I love them and I’m grateful for them but most of the time, I feel extremely lonely. We talk to each other often during school, but rarely outside of school unless something is needed (ex: can you send me what the homework is?). Also, all five girls have a group chat together without me in it. I don’t mind missing out on the gossip or drama, but just the thought that I wasn’t added hurts. They know a lot of things about each other that I don’t, even if it’s minuscule like the color of their prom dress. The love and effort that I put into the friendship is not, I feel, reciprocated. If I was not present, they wouldn’t even notice or care to notice. I’m like that one “left out” friend, but not really. I still get invited to things, but i not feel acknowledged or appreciated. It just feels like the bond that I have with them is not mutual. Every single morning my phone is free from notifications, which is nice because I don’t have to check anything and go straight to IG, but deep down inside I’m questioning it. Like none of them wants to talk to me or even tries to see if I’m alright. Whereas the five other girls’ phones are filled with texts from each other, their boyfriend, their gc, etc. 
I know them long enough to know that they would never try to make me feel this way on purpose. I’ve never told them how I felt because I don’t want to come off as this person who needs attention all the time.  It would just be nice to have one person who actually cares about you and notices when you’re gone/sad. Of course that’s what family is for, but it’s different when it’s a friend. I do feel loved by my friends, but just not enough. It’s probably a “me” problem that I’m feeling this way, because they’re not the  toxic type of friends.
Also, a year ago, I was talking to this person online everyday. We talked for like 3 months and the feeling of happiness/excitement was always there every time I got a notification from them. I went to bed every night anticipating a response the next morning and I always had it. Those three months made me feel so happy and content. I always thought it was because of the person that made me feel like way, but as I reflect, I realize that it wasn’t. It was the fact that there was someone out there who actually wanted to talk to me. We were chatting every day and one day it stopped (for reasons I will not disclose) and I was saddened by it. At the time, I thought I was upset because the person is now gone but it was actually (or probably) because I had no one to talk to every day anymore. I lost this sense of affection/attention that I never got from my friends at school.
To end things now, I have friends, we do talk to each other and hang outside of school, but I never feel content and this results in me feeling lonely most of the time.