The truth is you aren’t. I’m 16 F and I thought I was. I know stupid right. But I thought I looked these 2 people equally and eventually I realized that if I had loved the first one I never would’ve loved the 2nd. It turned out that I only saw the guy I thought I had liked for 3 years as just a friend. I thought it was a crush because he was a really good person and all that. Nothing ever happened between me and him. But I realized that I wasn’t actually attracted to him. He was just a good guy. And the 2nd guy... yeah I still haven’t been able to get over him. Because I actually like him. I get so shaky when I stand next to him and when he talks to me I can’t focus and I get all the feelings... and knowing what that real crush felt like that you can’t let go of even though maybe you should, I realized that I never loved the 1st guy. He’s never known that I liked him for a time. And we are still friends. The 2nd guy I think may like me back but I’m not sure. But that’s besides the point. Just truly be honest with yourself. If you don’t get the feelings or feel like you aren’t yourself when you aren’t with them, you don’t love them. You love the idea of them. I actually posted here about a year ago about this problem I had that I liked 2 people and didn’t know what to do. Somebody commented on it that the simple answer was I didn’t. And at first I was annoyed with this comment like pssh yea you don’t know what goes on in my head. But they were right. So please please take this advice. I literally thought I liked the 1st guy for 3 years. I definitely like the 2nd guy though... as I get all the feelings and it kills me a little each day I can’t see him and that sounds so dumb because I’m just in highschool and I’ve only liked him for 1 year and I’ve known him for 10 years. Since I moved here when I was 6 yrs old. And I didn’t try to, I thought he hated me in 7th grade.. but it turns out maybe he liked me and that’s why he teased me. It wasn’t mean teasing. I just thought he didn’t like me. And it turns out I never disliked him. I was just annoyed because he was too cute.