Hi. So I have a really good friend, actually we consider each other our best friends. Well I’m gay and I really like him, like a lot. I would literally do anything for him and that’s an understatement in itself. I’d love to go into our history but I don’t even know where to begin. We’ve know each other for about 17 years now and we have such a great bond and yes he does know I like guys. He makes comments when it’s just him and I whether it’s over text or in person which makes me think he isn’t straight or at least I’m that one person that he could do things with. I’ve always heard that even if a person is straight they could find a person that makes them happy and could just love them no matter the gender but anyways off topic. A long time ago ( this was literally years ago ) we was texting and somehow we ended up on the topic off how cold I was and he told me to come over his house and get in bed with him but he also said,” by the way I sleep naked.” He’s also made comments when he was dating a girl ( his now ex) saying, “ she’s just my beard. I don’t actually like her.” but at the that time I wasn’t doing so good mentally and one of my friends actually told him off and to stop messing with my head. He’s always telling me about when he’s masterbating which I obviously don’t mind because I like him, very much. When he was dating his now ex, she would always get so jealous and she ended up hating me because he gave me more attention than her. She made comments like “why don’t you just go date him since you like to talk to him more.” Then there’s times when girls are around in real life and he kinda flirts with them and tells me how hot some girls are which obviously makes me sad but I just deal with it because I love him so much. I’ve tried to get in other relationships and at first everything goes well but then I end up thinking of him and lose interest completely. He’s exactly my type. We’re always laughing together and just doing dumb things together and when we was at school he was always touching me when it’s not necessary at all but I just blew that off as he’s just a “touchy feely” kind of person, idk if that’s just me cutting myself short or what. People have told me that if him and I ever got alone together then something would definitely happen because A LOT of people see us being together and or doing things together sexually. I don’t think I’ve ever loved someone so much as him. I would go as far as saying I’m in love with him. I would give my life for him without even thinking about it. Giving up our friendship isn’t an option, that would hurt me more than anything. I’ll just never tell him how I feel if it’s even a possibility of us losing each other. I would just rather him mess with my head because i would at least have him as my best friend. What’s your thoughts on this? He knows I like guys and there’s no way he doesn’t know I like him. It’s so obvious and he’s not dumb. I actually introduced him to the Kinsey Scale and he said he’s probably either a 1 or 2. I asked him if he ever thought he could fall in love someone no matter the gender and he said yes but he’s definitely likes girls. Do you think that someone who is “straight” would do this to his gay best friend, make me these comments and be kinda flirty? Do you think he’s curious but doesn’t want to admit it? Do you think he’ll message me in the future asking for a hookup? Do you think we’ll ever have anything romantically? Please just let me know your thoughts and what I should do. Sorry for the lengthy post. There’s a lot more he’s said to me, this is just a pick through of comments he’s made but I would be writing for hours