I would literally never ever want to accuse someone about lying about an assault, especially since I know people who have actually been assaulted but i really need advice on how to approach this. so, a couple of days ago I went to a party with my friend and sister and we left having a great time. we never left each other or let one another outside of our sight. we went to the bathroom together even if only one of us had to go. needless to say, we were extremely safe and vigilant especially since tons of sexual assaults happen at parties. when we were getting ready to leave, our friend insists on ordering the uber even though i have my phone and the app out. so i let her and before we leave she sends a text to a group chat with some friends we met at the party. my sister and i both get home safe and we tell her about 5 times to text us when she gets home. about 15 minutes later still no text. even though it was like 2 am, I stayed awake for as long as i could, waiting for a text that never came. the next morning, her boyfriend texts me and my sister saying she's been assaulted at the party and her phone is shattered. we were so confused because she was the one who called the uber, who texted the group chat, was taking photos, and even tipped the uber in the car after we left. her phone was totally fine. also, we were never so far away from each other that we wouldn't hear someone smash her phone on the floor. that day, she calls us hours later saying that a guy she was talking to was feeling her up, she told him she to stop, then he took her phone and smashed it on the ground. of course we asked tons of questions. she told me that i was talking to some guy at the front door just as we were leaving. i told her that the guys i was talking to had already left and even if i was talking to someone my sister was also there. there's no way some guy would've smashed her phone and we wouldn't have noticed. she starts saying things like she had alcohol poisoning, and she was blacked out drunk. we noticed she was drunk and sure she needed some bread and water (which we gave her) but not anywhere close to blackout drunk. i've seen alcohol poisoning and it's absolutely devastating. she wasn't throwing up, passing out or anything. she even said she was roofied but went to the hospital and they just said her blood alcohol was a bit high.  i'm sorry this is so long but i genuinely don't know what to do. i have literally the whole night accounted for, i even made a timeline that checks out with the uber, the group chat, and others at the party. please help!