I just went on the craziest manipulation trip and I'm always left wondering and thinking, creeping at stalking, I was an escort and seeing someone who was a client. We hit it off (so I thought) he made it seem like he was really into me as a person. I was honest and told him about everything, he could track my data and I figured this out. He must have known that in the escorting industry, pimps and etc. follow you (and I had pimps doing the same). I was accepting that he had a busy job, we had a trip to California and he would always perfectly set it up so it was left in the open on if we would talk again. I waited, and somehow he made it so I knew that he was tracking my data and that my ex pimps were as well. My ex pimps eventually harassed the hell out of me, but because I knew his real name I would always check his facebook. I don't know, he also had this anonymous Twitter account which is how I followed him. And now I'm suddenly pushed to the point that I'm no longer escorting, and I'm going to move home, but he's engaged and who knows how long he has been with this girl who is also in the same career field as he is. I feel actually messed up, I followed an anonymous Twitter, Instagram, reacted based on whatever he retweeted/if he got a new following count, but he made it so he couldn't be traced back to his real name yet he trusted me enough with his name that I found him on Facebook, and now I'll be watching like a little cry baby as he gets married, but he did all of that (behind his girlfriends back?), led an escort on with the end result to get her out. I have so many unanswered questions, I'm probably going to painfully watch, if I don't I'll be wondering. It was a messed up experience. This almost sounds like some sort of conspiracy. But he thinks I'm worth it, but I like him.......All I did was I don't know.... Feed his ego? I don't know why I always do this (well I do, because I had some things happen in my childhood).... Tricked, liked for the wrong reasons? All I know is that I'm the loser. Lol. Advice?