I recently moved to a city to complete some modules for university. It was only meant to be 3 months and then COVID 19 and lockdown began. One of my best friends from childhood provided me with a room for the duration at minimum rent. We have not really seen each other for 6 years since I left to work in other countries. At first it was good, we had chats and laughs like the good old times but then it got worse. Everything becomes a little arguement, even when she is blatantly wrong. This is the case before C19 but she became worse lately. She will never say she doesn't know (we fell out for a year when we were 16 because of this). It was far worse then. I think it's a combination of an inferiority complex and too much pride but I'm not a psychologist. She always seems to know everything and it becomes really hard to just have a normal conversation. Its really hard to share information without her saying "yeah, I know". Her boyfriend gets the brunt of this. He has the patient of a saint. She doesn't really do much with her life, sits on the couch, does the minimum to get by and then complains how crap the world is. Starts drinking as soon the bf returns from work (doesn't get fully drunk,  perhaps tipsy) Shes cycnical of quite a lot of things but I used to be like that so I let it go. Last the night the 3 of us played poker and she was arguing about every fucking rule to her bf. I think she has some symptoms of depression  but I've not really encountered a depressed person before. I'm trying my best to be with her but it gets me in a really foul mood. I go for a run, do something productive to feel good and then go down to the living room to a depressing  and toxic atmosphere. I want to go home and live with my mum but I dont want to transfer anything. Her bf is a truck driver working on the frontline so I can never be sure that I'm not infected. I'm really resenting her. Her lack of drive and then being cycnical of the world is really getting to me. What should I do?