Heres the real story not some made up bull shit my ex has been trying to spread. I met her in 10th grade. I was into a mutual friend of ours but she wasn't onto me. So she in her infinite wisdom decided to place my hand on top of my ex and said quote unquote "You need a girlfriend" to me and "You need a boyfriend." To her and I decided to say what the neck might as well I got nothing to lose. So I dated her and mind you this was high school. I was being bullied for dating her. I being the shallow asshole that I was cuz I wanted to fit in I dumped her. Flash forward two weeks. It was a Friday night football game. I was the Manager/Water boy and she shows up and starts chatting my dad up. So my dad at half time starts berating me until I agreed to date her again. This didn't last long either due to her moving. I found this out later but she may have had a hand in all of the rise and falls of all my relationships since then. I dated her a grand total of five times the last 3 times she dumped me. At that point I just accepted that we were better off as friends. She moved back to our town a little while later and I was dating a chick I met in a mental wellness place for people who need to achieve our goals. My ex started acting jealous at my gf. I dumped my gf due to her cheating on me with a bunch of guys. I dated her again ( this was the fifth time I told you about.) We broke up and I thought I was a good and dear friend to her. I moved to New York to get a fresh start and now all of a sudden she is quite literally dragging my good name through the mud. She is accusing me of rape and pedophilia and being a huge asshole. My roommates and friends told me to cut her out so I deleted her number and that of her lover so she wouldn't bother me with lies she was trying to convince me of. So next she goes after my guy friend/roommate who is dating and has a child with my female friend/roommate who I see as a sister. She has been stalking him doing outrageous shit to ruin his relationship and friendship with my female friend and me on that order. Now she is following me on REDDIT! I'm asking for some help. We tried the police but since she is on PA and I'm in NY they can't do nothing except recommend I get a restraining order. What should I do?