I’ve been friends with this girl online on and off for 6 years. By on and off I mean I go off social media for periods of time sporadically for no other reason than I’m flighty. We’ve recently reconnected after another one of my notorious disappearances and boy did I forget how needy she is. I used to talk to her mostly on twitter (which I didn’t check daily) and now we chat mostly on fb (which I habitually check multiple times a day). I’m constantly getting messages. Upwards of 20 a day sometimes. They come in near constantly throughout the day. 3 in a row. One an hour later. 1 every 10 minutes for an hour and a half. So, so many. Once she sent me 14 1 minute voice messages in a row ranting about how McDonald’s wouldn’t give her ranch for her nuggets. I’ve turned off my notifications and muted her convo but I still get notifications daily because she calls and says it’s the only way her messages go thru. I cannot handle it. I’m autistic and introverted on top of that and the constant barrage of messages can send me into sensory overload. It’s too much stimulation. I can’t respond to the messages as soon as they come in. Sometimes I have to go days or a week without replying but usually I try to respond every other day. It can be a day ruiner. I wasn’t built for constant communication. The thought of it tires me, even with a partner. The thing is though in all of her messages it’s all about her. What’s she’s eating, what show she’s watching, what her mom’s doing, screenshots of posts her teacher makes who I don’t even know. All of this wouldn’t be a problem if we were having a conversation. But we aren’t. She’s talking at me, not to me. I can barely get a word in edgewise. All I say is “wow! That’s crazy!” “Oh no! I’m so sorry!” and other small comments agreeing with whatever she says. If I try to talk about something I like or tell her about my experience related to what she’s saying she brushes it off quickly and gets back to her story. For the time we’ve known each other this is how it’s always been. She hardly knows anything about me other than my name and what I look like. I know she’s lonely and needs someone to talk to but I can’t be what she needs. Do I tell her I need space? If so, how could I say it without hurting her feelings and making her feel like a burden? Do I break off our friendship? I don’t know how she sees me but I don’t feel as if she’s a close friend more like just someone online who messages me. Do I keep my mouth shut and put up with it? Also, AITA for feeling this way about her?