My brother, and I bought a mobile home over a years ago. There has been a slow leak in one of the bathrooms for over a year now. We would need to go to a town several hours away to get the supplies to fix it. Metal roofing. I dont know how to install metal roof, but my brother does. We would also need to borrow my dads trailer. My truck could probably tow what we need, but I'm afraid to be towing a heavy trailer around for 100s of miles. We would probably end up borrowing my dads truck, and my dad would probably be going with us to get the material, as we've never done it, and won't know what we are doing. I've told my brother several times since the leak started that we need to go and get the material. He usually just says "I know, well do it soon", and essentially just brushed my suggestion off. Sometimes he even gets mad, and tells me I worry too much. I eventually just stopped bringing it up, since its bothered him. I realized we weren't on the same page, so I moved out about a year ago. Since them my brothers friend moved in, and was paying us for a room. Heres the think the leak has caused mold. When I lived there, I would keep the mold away, but my brother hasnt since I've moved out. A couple months ago, another leak appeared in the other bathroom. I once again bugged my brother about it with the same results, so I got him to agree to buy my half, as I dont want to be responsible anymore, but we cant do that until things are back to normal. It's not exactly essential, so I dont want to go, out in public to have it done in paper. We agreed on a price, and a payment plan. We just need to put it on paper. Heres were I feel guilty. My brothers friend it renting a room, and the house has a substantial amount of mold in. He doesn't seem to care, but since I felt bad, i stopped accepting rent form him. My brother tried giving some to me, and I said no. I'm afraid to bring the leaks up again to my brother out of fear of him getting mad. Hes also taking ove rmy fathers business, and hes under a lot if stress as it is. Am I a bad peson for just standing by and doing nothing while I'm waiting for us to finally go and sign the papers so I can sell my half? Also, we'd be using my dads trailer and truck. My dad told me not to worry about convincing my brother to do the repairs, and just seek my half to him. Everytime I bring up ther repairs my dad gets mad now, and tells me to forget about, even though I know I still own my half, and should be legally, and morally worried about it. Should I though if I'm no longer accepting rent from my brothers friend? Sorry if this doesnt make sense. I forget what I'm typing, and then type something else.