So from the start this post is going to sound selfish just giving a little disclaimer. My friend (16f) impulsively left to another state in the beginning of the school year to begin a new life because she hated our old town. We come from a pretty shit town, everyone is hispanic and poor and the public school system is garbage. I also moved to another district but that’s besides the point. My friend came back on March 7 and I had seen from her location that she was in town and I unknowingly asked her to hang out. She said “Sure. I’ll be there in 10 mins.” The thing is I didn’t wanna hang out and I already was with another friend (16m) and we were going to our other friend’s house. We were like oh my god what are we gonna do she’s just gonna ruin the mood, etc. She comes in and the first thing she says is, “Hey I just came back from a mental institution and I tried to kill myself.” Now we make jokes all the time and I couldn’t tell if she was serious, I didn’t know how to react, it was mostly me asking myself what the fuck?? Also more backstory my other friends don’t really like her either and I don’t wanna say we ignored her but my friends were chilling and her and I went to another room and the said friend starts yelling at me. She said we were all making her feel like she wasn’t there, especially me, and that she told her friend at the mental institution so much about me, and that we basically changed so much, I don’t remember what else honestly. So we hung out by ourselves a bit and it was awkward, almost unbearable, and I felt like there was no connection anymore. She left and I went with my other friends again, we all talked about it again and we all agreed that it was weird and nobody knew what to do. A few days later she invited me to go to target with her, so i went and still it was awkward but i didn’t wanna say no because i don’t know what she’s capable of. I didn’t enjoy our time together at all and then she hits me with, “I’m going to your school.” This is where it gets really selfish. My school life is so sad already, I haven’t made friends, I have social anxiety, I eat lunch in school based, I’m quiet most of the time, and I have an overwhelming amount of anxiety as it is going to school already and I can’t imagine how much worse it’s gonna be when we have to go back after the coronavirus quarantine break. It’s all I think about, and I think she’s gonna become such a burden to me and I can’t handle it, I’ve cried about this so much and I don’t want to see her in school, I kind of don’t wanna see her ever again. When we had school together last year obviously we were friends but we can’t recreate the past, now it’s just awkward and sad, and I can’t stand being around her as awful and selfish as this sounds. Another thing she does is she always makes herself sound like the only person with problems, like I could mention something and automatically she makes it about herself and how her life is worse. I’m not saying she attempted suicide for attention because that’s not the case probably, but that’s what it feels like. She craves attention from others and she’s a bit narcissistic. I just don’t know what to do, I don’t like her anymore and the thought of her coming and interfering with my school life seriously makes me want to die. I just can’t believe she’d do that, I wish she’d leave me alone and I dont wanna talk to her or see her in school when it comes around. I’ve thought about writing a letter to her explaining why I can’t deal with her anymore and cut her off but just knowing that i’d see her in school irks my soul. I can’t do it. I can’t go to school with her or talk to her. I’m scared she chose the same classes as me and I kinda feel like she’s suffocating me, like I won’t be able to do anything because she’s always gonna be there to remind me of the past and I can’t move on. A big reason of why i left our old school is because I hated everyone there and I had to leave, I feel as if my old town is never gonna escape me and her being there is seriously going to make life a living hell. I want to cut her off and tell her how much anxiety she is giving me but I also don’t want her to try anything again and have me to blame. Please I need advice this is becoming so stressful and the thought of her is anxiety upon anxiety and I can’t handle it anymore. I haven’t talked to her recently because I’m ignoring her texts but please I just can’t handle her anymore.