I've been friends with him for years and he's one of my best friends. Unfortunately, the last few years he's become really really bad. He's become intensely racist towards almost everyone that isn't white. Oddly enough he's half white half Arab so it makes little sense. Honestly, it started as jokes and I think you can joke about pretty much anything so it was fine with me. I don't actually hate people of other races but jokes are just jokes but what he was saying wasn't jokes anymore. Just for a few examples he didn't like 'Black Panther' because it was all black, he hates talking to Indians at his job, and women that aren't white aren't attractive. He's gotten so much worse over the years but tonight he said something that broke my heart. A little background, I travel a lot and my favorite country is the Philippines because of the food, the people, and sights. We were talking about it and he says that he hates Filipinos, they're ugly, stupid, and deserve to die. He also said that he wants to choke a Filipino. I don't know if he was saying these things as a joke but it cut me deep. When I asked why he just kept saying he hates them and the fact is that they are the worst people on the planet. He does all this and all sorts of other crap that makes it difficult to be his friend. I love him like a brother but I don't think I can be his friend anymore. Along with that, I watch him constantly use and toss away women, cheat on his girlfriends, never clean the apartment, and constantly put me down for having mental health issues. I'm not sure how to end this friendship and move out of the apartment. It would be awkward to just not talk to him again because I'm fairly dependent on him for a lot of things because I don't have a car. I certainly don't have enough money to just move out and get a new apartment. I was thinking about living with a friend in Taipei (I do speak Mandarin) but it would mean uprooting my life. I'm just unsure of what to do and hope I can get some advice.