Very long post about the contradictory 1st world psychological and familial problems of a lazy irresponsible fatty coming up so anyone who might be unwilling to read such things please move on. So, heres the deal. I’m a single male child and ever since I was young, i’ve always felt like the people around me, my mom and dad, and my mom’s parents (i don’t remember my dad’s parents I was a kid when they passed away) have loved me a lot. Like in a way I haven’t seen in other kids, be it relatives or friends. And I was spoiled, a lot, as in my parents were a middle class to lower middle class family but they still did all they could to provide me with anything I needed and i’ve never had to do any chores in my life to this day. This is what i believe lead to me having no sense of responsibility or work ethic whatsoever (I had fair grades but that was all cuz of the countless tutors my parents would pay to make me pass not really hard work). I did think about it when I was a kid but not too much. As my parents were loving, they were also very protective of me. I remember my father frequently telling me how much i meant to him and my mom. It wasn’t a problem when i was a kid but as I grew older and wanted to have more independence it started becoming a nuisance as my mother was too overprotective. I started to smoke cuz my friends did and i thought it was cool, first cigarettes and then marijuana. My mom slowly started to figure it out (my dad was usually out of the country for work) and started to be even more strict, smelling my breath when I came home and the likes. Since I have no work ethic whatsoever instilled into me I’m lazy and fat, so I couldn’t really get a girl which usually teaches men to learn responsibility and make better decisions. So I spent most of my days smoking marijuana and hanging out with the guys. Didn’t do any other drugs or drink much because i wasn’t allowed to stay out at night, which i thought was terribly unfair cuz kids younger than me were drinking and partying (won't do other drugs, prolly never will). I didn’t smoke cigarettes much but I did do a lotta weed, cuz it was how i spent my days, high and laughing. My parents started to pester me to get a job (i didn’t) so i could learn responsibility and be a better person, cuz i’m an asshole, and i always used to have massive fights with my mother cuz i felt i lacked freedom. I love her a lot and i truly regret us having a bad relationship over this issue but i still feel strongly about my freedom till today. I was living a normal life (by my standards anyway) and I was happy but I felt like you  reading this are probably feeling right now, that my mom was a bit too overprotective. Then in the 10th grade i got so drunk in my school farewell that I passed out at my grandparents home and they had to call my parents. When i awoke the next morning, my parents were, and let me emphasize this, SHOOK. Even then they grilled me for like a month, then everything was normal. Now recently, another drinking incident occurred, which really pissed my dad off. He then dropped a bomb on me which i was NOT expecting. I was actually not a single child and my parents had had twins about 2 years before I was born, and they had died in about a month of being born as they were underdeveloped. This broke my parents heart, especially my moms, though not to take away from my dads pain. This revelation haunts me to this day, and they say they didn’t tell me cuz they didn’t want me to feel bad. A lot of things in my life suddenly made sense to me, including the overprotective nature of my parents and why they decided to treat me like some royal thing, when they should have made me work for what i got and showed me what life is really like. This news was too late however and my relationship with my mother was in ruins, we would talk normally one minute and have a massive tears and rage filled argument the next. No longer did I trust my family as the evidence they found of my marijuana use made them more suspicious, and i could see in their actions that they didn’t trust me to make decisions which pushed me farther away from them. I started permanently living at my grandmas place and didn’t talk to my mom for like a couple years. I don’t know what to feel, am i wrong for being lazy and unable to get in shape as i spent my life having to do absolutely 0 hard work? Am I wrong for smoking marijuana? Is it in some weird way my fault that my elder siblings had passed away, only for my grief stricken parents to be left with a useless hunk of lard like me? i’m confused and i don’t know whom i want this to be read by, or if i just want to express my grievances in writing for my sake. i just don’t know, if any of you can relate or give me some advice please do as i’m so alone, my parents don’t trust me, i don’t trust my friends enough to tell them this and i don’t know if i’m to blame or not for this, i know these sound like basic 1st world problems but, in my little world which has just me and my little family in it, it’s tearing everyone apart for the contradictions, duality and overall fucked upness of my situation. any help is appreciated. and if you just think its some fatty sharing his problems no one cares about, then don’t leave disparaging comments please. i’m in a very bad place mentally i just want some help and advice. thank you so much to anyone who chose to read through that.