I'm just gonna get right into it. When I was a kid, my sister made me grope her breasts when we were taking a nap. I think I was about 7 or 9 and she was 5 years older then me. She told me not to tell anyone about it and asked me about it the next day. I pretended I forgot and didn't tell anyone until I was much older, but it was my therapist and ex-boyfriend. Neither of them knew what to tell me really and I've never been able to deal with it. She has a boyfriend who she's been with for years that belittles her and has made inappropriate comments about my body which my sister has laughed about or dismissed in the past. I've tried talking to my sister about his and her behavior before, and it goes in one ear and out the other. She doesn't see anything wrong with him making comments about my ass or talking down to her or me. She doesn't stand up for herself or me. She sees nothing wrong with his behavior. I tried talking to her for one last time about the issue yesterday, face to face and again over text. She ignored the text and ignored me when I saw her today. Me and my sister have a fucked up relationship. Me and my other family members do too, but none of them other then this sister took advantage of me like that when I was a kid. I'm 28 now, I have hinted during arguments about how I still remember what she did to me as a kid, but she acts or is oblivious. I've never said it out loud to her since it happened, but I don't think it would resolve anything. Also, I think she would pretend that she has no idea what I'm talking about like my other sister did when I reminded her that she told me she hoped I killed myself when we got in an argument when I was a teen. She was applying for a position at the police department and forgot what our argument was about, still doesn't remember saying that to this day. So, as painful as it is, I don't think I'll accomplish anything by reminding my sister what she did to me, I don't want to ruin her life or make my family see her any different. She's the rock of the family and takes care of everything. I'm seen as the fucked up crazy one of the family and will always be seen that way. Our mother was physically and verbally abusive, my dad was spineless. We all dealt with that trauma differently. I'm not trying to run away from my problems, but I also don't think I can resolve them, at least not the one with my family. I've done taken meds in the past and have done years of therapy. I don't think there's anything out there that can make me feel like less of black sheep or scapegoat. I've always felt this huge disconnect with my family and feel like I'm this triangle trying to fit myself into this small circle, it just doesn't match. I want to travel for awhile and put some space in between us when this pandemic is over. I just needed to vent because I don't feel like I can talk to anyone about this. I've been an emotional wreck because of this and other things bothering me. Been eating my emotions away because I'm trying to stay sober and off of cigarettes, but I just want to stop feeling this way instead of destroying myself. I would appreciate any advice if you guys have any.