Me (19F) and my boyfriend (20M) recently had a major fight. We go through periods of fighting a lot and then it being really good. Our last fight was almost completely my fault which I have acknowledged and apologised for. In the past I have struggled with depression and anxiety and also the mood swings that come with them and after thinking I had been good for a while, it looks like its starting to go downhill again. I don’t really talk to any of my friends anymore and my relationship with my family is pretty rocky. He has always been extremely supportive, patient and kind with me and I really do love him and don’t want to lose him. However, after this big fight, I think he may have been pushed over an edge, which I don’t blame him for because I acted like a psycho. After having a few days away from each other we sat down and talked about what we wanted to happen next. We both said that we wanted to stay together but he said that he wanted to start staying with his parents again and only stay at my place once or twice a week. I agreed as I think its fair for him to want some space and I was hoping that some space may make us cherish the moments we are together. Besides, we both have every intention of him eventually moving back in within the next few months and trying again. However, I’m starting to feel as though the space isn’t working for me. Instead of missing him, I’m adjusting to life without him. Instead of cherishing the time we are together for, I’m just sad because I know he will just be leaving soon. We’ve been together for almost 3 years and I really don’t want to lose him. I know we are both young but we both really do love each other. I also know it would be unfair for me to just tell him he needs to move back when he has said he needs space. I just don’t know if I should keep trying at this, even though to me it just seems like we are drifting apart. I briefly raised my concerns about this to him and he said that he didn’t feel the same at all and that whenever he is with me all he feels is love, but a lot of the time I am just sad that he will be leaving soon. Am I just being insensitive and clingy?