We are really good friends. At first, we were "just" friends, but then we became really good friends. I was always there for her whenever she needed help with her love life or basic advice, and she was there for me with advice also. Months later, Quarantine hits, and she's telling me about how much she doesn't like quarantine, (which I don't like either), and we have a long conversation about it. After that conversation, we talked a lot more often for the next few days and shared our struggles with quarantine, especially boredom. Then one day, she says she has a headache, so I help her deal with the headache. We have a 30-minute conversation and her headache is gone. We continue texting and I notice she has begun acting differently. We talk way more than usual, she reads and responds to my texts quicker than before, she asks me to talk to her when she's bored (which I do of course), she's complimenting me more than usual, she's asking me a lot of basic questions such as, "What's your favorite ice cream flavor?", and she has used the word "love" more often. This had led me to believe she was developing feelings for me, and I believed it. I tell one of my other friends about it after 4 days of this happening and they said to ask her if she has any feelings for anyone. So I wait for the next day and ask her if she had any feelings for anyone. She said not at the moment and was waiting for quarantine to be over. I was extremely confused, not because she had said no, but because she acted like her normal self that day even before I asked her that. I thought about it for a while and came to the conclusion that she was acting that way maybe because it was a natural response to me helping her out with being bored. The day progressed and I start thinking about things, about how I felt when she wasn't acting like herself for those past 4 days. And then I started questioning myself, reflecting on myself. I had discovered that I had feelings for her. I do not know why I have feelings for her, but I do know one thing. I deeply care about her. She is the most innocent person I know, kind, funny, and really deserves more than what she gets. Maybe the reason why I developed feelings for her was a natural response to her actions. Maybe I'm just being paranoid, or am really socially illiterate. Either way, I do not know what to do. I really believe that I do not deserve someone as great as her and that she deserves someone better than me. But while writing this, I'm thinking about how we've always been there for each other. \*sigh\* My brain tells me to just give up, but my heart says to keep going.