i'm new to this whole website. as you can tell i'm already desperate for advice by being on here.  i've hit a new low, and am very disappointed because of how closed i've become. so closed that i want no one else but strangers to help. Maybe it's because i feel a touch of comfort knowing that you are all strangers who i don't know seeing me at my weakest. eH, that struggle just grows by the second.  that's just one corrupt thing about me that I've developed in the past months. eek, anyway,, i have these internet friends and well they weirdly became such a large portion of my life. jesus i sound like a little bitch ehaheh. they mean so much to me and it's like bothering me now because i dont even know them?? but they've become so important to me. and it just hurts every fucking day cause they don't care about me like i do for them, actually they don't care at all yknow. like i try telling them but it's weird for them and they hate when i express that, like SiR-  YOU MADE ME FALL IN THIS WEIRD HOLE OF SEVERE EMOTIONS, OWN THEM AND STOP IGNORING THEM. aaa, it hurts so much to the point where i spend my nights crying. like wtF. i cry, shed tears for these people who don't even know me that well. i said i was gonna go on a break for "a while" and it's been a week, i haven't had this much time away which worries me like, "oh god what if we're departing" "do they think i'm gone for good?!" but then i sit and think "well then again they couldn't bother to give a fuck about me" .. i was just about to give up on this entire essay because i feel like an attention seeker ;\_; can someone please aid me the way i've went out of my way to help others like? it's hell having all these dreams and hopes for meeting them and doing all this and getting closer while you're still stuck in this hole where sharing your name is the cringiest thing.. kinda fucking toxic. but they make me happiest, but also the saddest. so strangers of reddit, i am desperate and it's shit but i need someone to hear out problems that isn't someone irl, cause portraying this weak side of me hurts me to a heavy extent.