I’m 14 years old I made a big mistake way in the past and I feel like crap right now. When It was the beginning of 7th grade a guys best friend asked me out for his friend. I said yes and met the guy the next day. I’ve known the guy since we always rode the bus together. In the beginning of our relationship he got a random 8th grade to try and flirt with me to see if I was “loyal”. The 8th grader kept asking me for a pencil and kept trying to talk to me. I kinda was trying to learn and so I kinda ignored him. My boyfriend was taking to a guy and that guy pointed it out and that’s how I found out my boyfriend was trying to test me.ilI’ve known the guy since elementary and he was my first boyfriend(we’ve also been best friends).So I was kinda mad but I didn’t say anything because I didn’t know what to say. Always on the bus Me and him we’re always teased for dating and he always walked me home. It felt kinda weird cause ever since then we were VERY shy towards each other. And all of a sudden all of his friends were trying to be my friends(they never talked to me once or even noticed me). I kinda missed when everything was normal and no one was teasing us and we would laugh and talk again like normal. I wanted to break up with him but I didn’t want to hurt him. So I came up with the idea that my dad found out and that we couldn’t date anymore because my dad wouldn’t let me date until 10th grade. I told him and we immediately never spoke to each other again. I felt so bad and I want to tell the truth because I was bad for lying and I hate lying. I lost my friend and all of his friends were being rude to me. Eventually his friends stopped but I still feel bad I want to be his friend because he was such a great friend. I’m scared if I tell him the truth he’ll hate me even more. I just want things to go back to how they were when we were just best friends. But I think I am too late and I’m scared of everybody else too! I wanna make thing right but idk. So please can you guys help me! Thank you so much if you do!