I have been in a relationship with my boyfriend for 4 years now. I live in Oklahoma, and he now is stationed in Hawaii (he is in the navy). We have been dreaming about being with each other since the beginning. I’ve only seen him 8 times within our relationship. Finally, we made a huge life changing plan to finally live with each other. As of right now, he lives in a house with two other roommates, and they all split the rent. We came to an agreement for me to move in with them, I’d get a job there, we’d get married, and hopefully start our lives in our own home once we save up the money. I bought a plane ticket from Oklahoma to Arizona to visit my dad before I move to Hawaii (I am currently in Arizona) and I also bought a one way plane ticket to Hawaii and it takes off in 10 days from now. Our problem that we run into... my boyfriend found out yesterday that him and his two roommates will be going on deployment for 7 months next month, and his other roommate who’s initially rented the house no longer wants to make payments towards it since they’ll be gone for so long. So that leaves me with no place to stay, and no reason to be there since he will be gone for so long.. My advice that I need, is should we find a really cheap apartment and both make payments on it while he is gone and I’ll stay in Hawaii and save up money since their job pay is higher? I have no problem living alone without my family. I have no problem being somewhere foreign without my significant other because I know I’ll feel like I’m doing something for myself, and taking on responsibility that I need to learn. I want to be independent. OR should I go ahead and fly down there to Hawaii since I already bought my plane ticket, visit him until he has to be deployed, and go back home to my family? I already quit my job back in Oklahoma, and dropped literally EVERYTHING within a week to be with the one I truly love. I am so desperate to start a life, even if he won’t be around. I just don’t know what to do and I kindly ask for your advice, and if you have any more questions that helps you understand the situation better please feel free to ask. Thank you so much!