Hello again, I know I’ve posted so many things about this one thing, but I hope someone out there can help me once and for all. I’ve literally been having this issue since the 6th grade. I’m not sure if I can go on anymore. (Oh yeah I forgot to include that I’m born a female and I’m 20 and a half). But anyways, This has ruined me I feel like, I do anything to help cure this. I obviously take showers everyday, and I have a good shower routine, I don’t understand why this is still happening. Yes I wear deodorant/antiperspirant (Old spice), and yes I do laundry every weekend, I use tide for that. I recently switched to arm and hammer. But every time I go somewhere people are always looking at me rudely or saying slick comments under their breath as if I can’t see or hear them. I’m a sophomore in college, sometimes I feel like I can’t even go up to people or make new friends because of this issue. This happens while I’m at work too, the looks stares, and comments. It’s really exhausting, I know when this happens I get nervous thinking about if I’m doing this right or it happens in general whenever I get hot. This results to me sweating especially in the groin area/private areas. The smell down there when this starts happening is terrible, and I’ve been trying to find a cure, I even went to the dermatologist for this. But the soap that they suggested, is not really helping much. They told me the cause is bacteria, but I’ve been using that soap and it’s not working. Like how much bad bacteria is on my body? Sheesh, like this is so frustrating, I just want a regular life again and to be treated like a human again. It’s like my body isn’t normal. I just want it all to stop, the bullying is too much. Although I did get a bit better at ignoring what people say to me, I’m not sure if I can do this anymore. Also lately, even my family has noticed more and more but of course they say anything they just look at me or give me the side eye. My brother is the one that usually says something. But he’s pretty rude about it. But yea, I’m at my widths end guys, I love you all and thank you for trying to help. 🧡