My name is "Temp", and I am 16-years-old. I was seeking advice and also just wanted to vent. My life is going weirdly, sometimes I am happy sometimes I am sad, but I'm never content with it. I'm a very ambitious kid, but I haven't been dreaming as of late. I feel depressed, and sad to be completely honest. Two years ago, I graduated from middle school, I was popular and I was happy. But, that summer, I learned that a lot of people only kept me around as a form of entertainment (allegedly I am a hilarious person.) It was very painful watching my friends pull away from me, but I stayed strong. Freshman year was tough, I went to a magnet school, I was stressed out constantly, depressed, but I made new friends. That summer, I cut ties with everyone, I focused on myself, studied self-help and self-improvement books, and I came back sophomore year strong. I made a bunch of new friends, and I was genuinely happy. Then, my school doubled down on the homework, stress increased, I stopped reading my self-improvement books, and I hit a new low, I couldn't eat, couldn't sleep and was sad all the time. I lost nearly all of my friends, now I am participating in a lot of self-sabotage and I'm not necessarily motivated to change. I am just tired of being sad, being lonely and feeling bad. I never felt so insecure, so lonely and so hopeless. I'm even starting to drift away into listening to music ALL THE TIME and trying to escape from my reality and of course, thought about the big s. I just want to know what can I do to stop the cycle, rise above my sadness and be great or at least content. Should I be more religious, give hope to God and put my faith in him, or read more books, try it again. Or something else that I am not seeing. Please don't mention medication for mental illness, I am AFRICAN, so my parents don't believe in mental illness, not to speak about medication. I honestly do believe that this was brought upon by puberty but that doesn't change the way I feel, and I fear if I don't make change now, I will be sad forever (making sadness a habit). Anywhoo, anyone have some advice?