I am 15, I still have roughly 3 years to chose what to study in university, but I have just come to the realization that I am not so sure as I previously seemed to be. Ever since I was around 10, I decided that I wanted to study physics. But, now it is not so obvious to me anymore, I have many interests beyond physics, primarily art, philosophy and history. I have an unprecedented amount of uncertainty regarding what to prioritize, I feel as if I am going astray, and might ultimately get to far from what I want to study, making the later unfeasible. I mean, I am good at physics, and I love it, but I have never been the best at math, or the most disciplined, I am not sure if the stress and effort that physics requires is going to make me happy. I don't know if I am even capable of going through a physics degree, or even being accepted into one. I don't know what I enjoy the most, and that is really the only thing I put in question, I don't care about the money all that much, out  of all of the fields I have mentioned, they would provide enough. I really enjoy philosophy too, I often find myself reading Camus or Nietzsche, or just pacing in my room for hours on end, thinking about metaphysics or aesthetics. I love history too, specially 15th century Europe, or the industrial revolution, though I don't see myself studying history, out of the four I have mentioned, it is the least enjoyable to me. Art is another subject I love, I draw a lot with ink, and paint once or twice a month, though it is not enough on its own, I would have to mix it with another discipline. I mean I could double major on something like art and philosophy. I also know that I would like to emigrate to somewhere in Europe, I live in Colombia, and am in the process of getting a Portuguese citizenship due to my direct lineage, if it all goes well I could study relatively cheaply anywhere in the European union, if that doesn't work, I could easily afford the best universities in Colombia. I would not like to study in the U.S, I am not a fan of their educational system. What I want out of life is to be free, that value I hold fundamentally, I would like to live somewhere in Europe, and travel more often than not, I do not want to focus entirely on my job, or my education, I want a life outside of that. I suppose my biggest worry is that studying physics would not allow me to live a life where I am partly free from my job, I want the least responsibility possible, I want to enjoy culture and knowledge, no matter what I end up study, I know for sure that I would not want to leave those other fields behind. I am leaning towards doing a double major in art and physics, but again I am afraid that the added stress will make me unhappy. I suppose that I ought to focus on the present, and bumping my grades up, since they are not the greatest, after all that is what Camus would have said, but I feel like I need some broad sense of direction of what will be with my life. What advice would you give me, what do you think I should do?