I really fucked up at work. To start with i should mention that i work with my sister which is quite relevant. So I suffer with anxiety and two day ago I gont into a conflict with one of my coworkers. The next day I had a full on panic attack at work and I believe that the conflict at my workplace might have somewhat triggered it along with other things going on in my life atm (I haven't had a panic attack in over a year). So the day after that I had another panic attack at work and this time all my coworkers have witnessed it. I was so embarrassed, I never had a panic attack in front of anyone and after I had it I just ignore it and acted as if it never happen, what got a lot of my co workers concerned especially my sister who just started her shift and had no idea about my anxiety. (My family doesn't belong to the supportive types quite the opposite in fact therefore i never mentioned it to them). Long story short my sister confronted me and I told her I had a panic attack but she didnt believe me and called me a liar and thought it was all because that one coworker I had an argument with. When over people approached my sister asking about me she told them it was that coworker who upset me as I previously complained about her under stress and was pretty over reacting but my sis took it seriously. While she was telling others that one coworker heard the entire exchange and now assumes she caused all of it which is wrong since I really dont have anything towards her. However I do admit I bragged to my sister to her as I was to anxious to confront her about some small issues that could have been resolved easily but she belongs to the difficult coworkers that really dont like their wrong doing pointed out so I just stay quiet and ignored it. Now I dont know how to face my coworker as I feel really embarrassed especially that I assured her that my situation has nothing to do with her. What can I do to fix this I'm freaking out about going back to work after the weekend???