Some background to this first: I am in 8th grade, and at the beginning of this year I got my first phone. Of course, being a teenager I got snapchat first, and added a bunch of my classmates. One of the people I added was some girl that I never really talked to, but seemed pretty cool. When I added her we instantly started talking a lot, sending each other memes, etc. She was dating someone at this time, and when I talked to her in school, her boyfriend would get mad at me (I think he felt challenged or something because I am also a boy). Anyways, a couple months later, we are really really good friends (I shared really personal stuff with her). We would talk all the time, and eventually we were both each others number on best friends on snapchat (I would constantly get teased that I am dating her, and a couple people didn't like that she talked to me more than her boyfriend). She later broke up with her boyfriend because she didn't like the way he acted when I talked to her. After this, we constantly flirted with each other (sending the little bitmoji messages saying "I love you" and stuff).  Then, a couple months later, I tell her that I like her (even though I really didn't, I don't know why I said it). She said she didn't feel the same way, and I felt really sad but pushed the feelings down. Then, a couple weeks after I say this to her, she starts to be really mean to me. She would tell me to jump off a bridge, that she hates me, you get the gist. This made me feel terrible, and I would constantly think about what she was saying to me. I would try to push out of my mind, but it was hard because she was such a good friend. I would get sad almost every night, and cry myself to sleep (maybe I was overreacting, I don't know). Then, to make me feel even worse she becomes best friends with one of my friends (I don't really consider him a friend now just because we don't talk a lot anymore). My former friend would talk to this girl more than his girlfriend, too, which made it worse (he's honestly a piece of shit, and always looking for attention in anyway possible). Anytime I try to talk to my former girl bestfriend in school, she is always with her my friend, and they always make fun of me. I started talking to her more when she was by herself, because she seemed to be a lot nicer when she wasn't around my friend. So up to now, we have been talking and having pretty good conversations, but she is starting to talk to me less. I really want to be best friends with her, but how do I get her to want to be best friends with me again? She still talks to my other "friend" more, but I don't know why (he's so obnoxious all the time).