Ive been dating my girlfriend for about a year and a half, I feel that we love each other dearly and we both have great chemistry, but I feel that this quarantine is maybe bringing the worst out of us. We're both living with out parents, social distancing and all and I feel that we have fought more frequently. We did fight, very rarely, before the quarantine but we would get over it in a day or two, and we were perfectly fine. I feel that she does show signs of anxiety and self consciousness, since she wears baggy clothes and isn't the best with social interactions, usually not knowing what to say in a basic conversation, and I've tried to be very understanding of her. She overthinks a lot and I've tried to get her to talk to me about anything, trying to listen to whatever problems she has and also trying to ease her anxiety and fears. I've been very patient with her for a long time, and ive truly tried to be a good boyfriend, I say all the nice things because I mean them but I feel that she doesn't want to actually believe them. I also feel that i have to walk on eggshells because she's so sensitive to honest statements and I'm at a loss for what to do. We got into a fight recently because I was told something at the last second and I don't like having things thrown at me when I have other plans, I told her that she knows that I don't like having stuff thrown at me so spontaneously and that if she told me a day before I would've been fine with it. I've been more.. strong when talking with her, trying to get her to stop being so stubborn but to no effect. I feel that I may be doing the wrong thing and that I may be miscommunicating my feelings, and the fact that I feel like im walking on eggshells when honestly talking to her makes it more difficult to express myself. I still love her and all Ive wanted to to is be a good boyfriend who loves and supports her, but at this point I'm at the end of my rope, and I don't know if the relationship could last. I want to be able to apologize on my end and explain why I've been so stern, but I don't want to make her cry and make her blame herself with my reasonings. I don't know what to do, any advice would help.