I'm 17, still going in school. My mother is a narcissist and my dad is short tempered, he does what my mom tells him to do. She was making him angry and he would beat me up pretty bad, this stopped when i started defending myself, 6 years ago. Every summer I find myself a job and work since when i was 14. Even tho my dad doesn't beat me these days, my mom is still manipulating me and him. My brother is older so he found a job at another city and went there. She would make our family fight each other and blame me. Like a scape goat. This month we were tracking every penny, what we bought credits and bills. She lied me for 70 dollars that i know of. Maybe even more. I asked her how much they have in their accounts, my dad none and my mom said there's a specific amount. When I told her why and how there should be more, she told me much bigger amount. And i asked her why she lied to me the first time. She started blaming me that I didn't hear her well, she would always do that when i was younger and she still does. I kept asking her why is she trying to getaway with the lie to which she responded with a lie. She started playing the victim card. It didn't work on me so she stopped crying instantly, like an actor. And she didn't tell me so i left telling her that I know she did something with the money because she kept lying. Also the body language was not so congruent with her answers. What can i do to leave this toxic place? She also keeps looking at my penis when I enter the room, and wants to know about my romantic life. I keep leading her to think that I'm gay just to fuck with her. I really wanna leave this so called home. It's hurting my head a lot sometimes. She played the victim card on my new and first therapist, and it worked so i stopped going. I cannot talk to anyone about this. I keep trying to make my grades better but it's a lot of stress. I need to go to university too, so i need the grades from this school. Is there anything i can do? I know html, css, JavaScript and c# from working in unity. Thise are the skills i have. Also my mother talks shit about me to my neighbors and her colleagues. I've heard it and they have been acting strange around me. And because i was raised like this, I've been thought to please other and don't have self-respect for myself.