I’m on mobile so sorry for any errors. I don’t know if I should be posting here or under relationship advice but regardless I need help? Over two months ago my mom and I got in a huge fight over me going somewhere during spring break. Idk how to link it but if you scroll down my page it explains the whole situation. Basically my mom told me if I went anywhere for spring break she’d disown me. For some background, I’m 21 and in college paying for it on my own. I more called her out of respect to tell her what I wanted to do and was willing to compromise my plans but I wanted to do something for spring break as I’ve never had trip in college. So what did I do out of spite? I went on a trip with my boyfriend to Tennessee. Haven’t spoken to her at all but I still talk to my dad and brother. Don’t get mad at me, I know it was a dumb decision and I should have self isolated bc coronavirus isn’t a joke. Recently my dad has been calling me to help out with issues regarding our family restaurant and she’s in the background telling him to ask me things. It’s been getting on my nerves and with the stress of finals I’m just very annoyed and I don’t want to deal with them. I don’t know if there’s anyway for me to forgive her unless she sincerely apologizes but hell will freeze over before she does. I also don’t think I should apologize as I did nothing to warrant her being so rude to me. I know she’s trying to protect me but instead of saying it 100x better her logic was to threaten to disown me. I want to go home to see my other family and introduce my cat but I don’t see a way to do that successfully without having to talk to her and I think it will only end badly. I feel like I just have so much anger and resentment built up towards my parents about how they raised me and if anyone brings up the spring break thing then it’s going to become a screaming fight. I was thinking of just ignoring her as I suspect she’d do with me or she’d just be mad about my kitty. Tbh idk what advice I’m trying to ask for. To repair my relationship with my parents? How to go home as it’s been over 4 months? How to just get over it? How to cut off my family? Idk but some advice or just good jokes so I can feel better as I’m feeling rather blue and lonely at the moment with everything happening. It’s not like she can take away my Tennessee trip as I’ve gone and been back and if she disowns me then oh well.