I've been having a very very weird and confusing problem lately. I can't talk to anyone about this, so  I'm here. Please if you plan to bully me don't because of this, don't. I have absolutely no self-esteem already and I suffer from severe depression already. I hate myself for this, it feels gross and wrong but I can't stop my thoughts. Basically, my problem is that I haven't been able to really be attracted to people my own age for a while now. No, I am not a pedophile, the opposite actually. I'm a 15-year-old boy and I haven't felt real feelings for someone my age in a few months now.  I first started noticing I'd get celebrity crushes and such on YouTubers and other famous people who were many years older than me, which wasn't a problem at all and is entirely harmless. However, the second this moved to real-life things became horrible. I don't know many adults in my life except, of course, teachers. The first one is in his 30s and the second in his mid-50s I think. I am disgusted by the fact I have thoughts or anything of that sort about people so much older than me, especially teachers. I will never do or say anything about this to anyone ESPECIALLY, not the teachers. I hate it so fucking much. I have extremely impulsive thoughts and whenever I'm around them I get disgusting intrusive things in my head that I can't get out and I would do literally anything to get just those thoughts to get out of my head. I feel sick. The worst part is that since they are teachers I can't focus in class at all and I get way too worried about speaking up because I get so nervous. I just want to be normal again. I used to feelings only for people my own age, but I'm not really sure what happened. As I mentioned my mental health is bloody abysmal, as well as the fact I have been heartbroken countless times(by other teens ofc). I was also in an abusive relationship with someone for a year and it has given me a large amount of anxiety when considering longterm relationships (my last 3 relationships have only been 2ish weeks long because of me being unable to function in a relationship correctly) It might be caused because of a mix of anxiety with relationships as well as fear of rejection, so my brain just automatically chooses people who I can project romantic feelings onto with no fear of either of those since I will never actually have any romantic or sexual interactions with them. Even if this is the case, however, I still have absolutely no idea how I would fix this. Even though they are both blissfully unaware, I still feel horrible whenever I'm around the teachers. I know they don't know what's going on inside my head, but they really don't deserve to be thought of like this. they are both really genuinely great people and very dedicated teachers, and I hate the fact my mind has to do this. Again, please don't make jokes or bully me because of this. I've been genuinely suffering. Please someone give me advice on what I can do. Also, I'm sorry for not going into a lot of detail but it's almost like If I don't write it down then it's not really real and I just wish that it really wasn't real. The best way to sum it up is that I have very strong romantic feelings as well as intrusive sexual thoughts, but I really don't want to go into any more detail.