I have this friend, let's call her R,  That i met when i was going through a really hard time a couple years ago. I won't go into details- but i lost my boyfriend, was sexually assaulted, and none of my friends believed me; i lost them over that. She was there for me a lot in the beginning, but as the friendship continued i felt that the balance was slowly deteriorating, or i was doing a lot more for her than she was doing for me. emotionally and physically. We started getting into fights, which were usually because i had done something to upset her that she held onto until she would blow up. when we fight, she gets mean- tells me I'm a bad person for a variety of reasons. She is very insecure and honestly the most socially anxious person i have ever met. I enjoyed being her friend and helping her grow but lately she has been so negative all the time i can't take it anymore. We got into a fight the other day; I didn't reply to her text messages from 4am that night but later that morning i said something in the group chat with our friends. she texted me a hostile and sarcastic text about it and i kind of lost my shit, told her my life doesn't  revolve around her and she accused me of not caring about her or other people. i started by trying to explain myself, telling her that i had just woken up and started online classwork, but she then accused me of turning on my read receipts just to piss her off? I never touch my read receipts. i don't even know if they're on or not. Well the fight escalated and she got around to accusing me of being a liar and always playing the victim. I ended the conversation by saying i didn't want to be friends with her anymore if she wasn't going to trust me or talk to me with any ounce of respect. she concluded the conversation by saying she hadn't taken her meds and it was my fault she was freaking out and that i always act like i have it worse than her.I have been thinking about it for days and reading over the texts, and i was pretty hostile from the get go- and the argument probably wouldn't  have escalated so much if i had stayed calm, but i guess i got so sick of her negativity and blaming her insecurities on me.i guess my question is- was it wrong of me? am i a bad friend? should i make amends and learn to deal with her negativity and blame until she figures herself out or was it right for me to let go. I'm so full of guilt- but at the same time I'm relieved. I don't know what to do.