Shes been going through rough times with her mother recently. Shes been having to listen to her mother ridicule her, guilt trip her and call her all sorts of stuff. Because she's quite an anti social person, she normally stays in her room and does work. Her mothers is also going through some stuff, but somewhere I guess guilt tripping and all sorts of manipulative behaviour became the norm, where she does this without realising what her impacts are. This is all coming out of her now, she's definitely a nice woman, and they have a good relationship. But when things get rough with them, they get really rough. This has lasted for days and I've been trying my best to help her. I just feel so helpless as she goes on about her problems and I have no idea how to deal with it. It feels terrible to be the one a person comes to for comfort and they turn away because it's not helpful. It normally ends with her telling me she needs time alone and I'm not understanding. I want to help her deal with this all. I've tried telling her that you know yourself as a person and that she knows it isn't true. I've told her to try to ignore her mum, stay level headed, say what needs to be said that clears her up. But we've also suspected her lack of emotion when she's getting the verbal from her mum, fuels her fire more since she think she can take it. But at the moment, she's probably bawling her eyes out. The stuff said truely has hit the core of her. I've told her that since I truely stopped letting others opinions affect me, it's helped me a lot. Everything about knowing yourself worth, typical motivational talk. I've tried to tell her what i do with my mum, when she comes at me all angry, trying to guilt trip me. HUGE MISTAKE I KNOW, now that I think about it. She's her own person and maybe it's not as easy for her to lose the tether she has connecting her individuality to what others say. Which is another idea that I've tried to convey to her. That once you learn to sever that link, it's easier to deal with parents. Which is all I've discovered myself. My parent's verbal and attempts to guilt me don't affect my mood at all now. At the end of the day I know we love each other and I know they do. I reckon now that it was too soon to tell her all this now. I've also told her that she needs a good cathartic release. I desperately need help ://