It was a Saturday morning, my husband daughter and I had just woken up. I was making breakfast, also his cousin was over , my husbands phone at the moment was not working so his phone was off, his cousins phone was off as well (battery) . When my husbands phone finally turned on (it takes a while to turn on) he had like a billion (literally) missed class from his mom and brother . He returned the calls, and they were mad at him ( he was supposed to go help his dad put concrete down and he never went). The first phone call he made was to his brother, his brother tells him why didn’t he wake up early to go help his dad that they’ve been waiting.. and he tells him his phone is not working and blah blah.. next he calls his phone and she says why didn’t you come your dad is always helping you out and you never want to come and help him.. He makes another phone call to his brother and his brother tells him he called his cousin earlier to wake up my husband so they can both go and help but cousin never came to knock at the door.. we were supposed to go to a surprise party for my husbands uncle, and before the incident happened my husband told me he didn’t want to go because they were going to be talking S$/) to him and his cousin (understandable). So later in the afternoon he got a message from his dad stating “pinche mierda” which translates to “piece of shitt” . He didn’t reply. So after a few hours my husband decided to call his dad, and they were arguing. My husband, cousin and I were in the living room and my husband had him on speaker. So mind you we can hear him.. his dad starts yelling at him saying that he’s going to come pick up my husbands truck and he basically was just mad.. and out of nowhere he mentions me but in a rudely way, he says “your stupid ass wife” but I’m Spanish I got so mad and talked back to him. My husband just hangs up. And then we were all just so shocked. My husband is mad at that moment and calls his brother because he thinks his brother had something to do with it too, and starts yelling at him, and then later my husbands tells him I’m not going to be around for a while and I’m not taking my daughter so y’all can see her... then hangs up. I’m guessing now he told his mom, and the mom calls my husband and asks what happen and he tells her. And she’s like well I wasn’t there I didn’t hear anything (and I’m like you don’t have to be there to know that’s wrong for your husband to say) . So we definitely end up not going to the surprise party. About two days later , my husband is now not talking to his brother or dad. Just to his mom and she keeps telling him to talk to his brother that he never got in a fight with his brother before.. and my husband has her on speaker so I can hear everything she says. she then mentions , “don’t ever fight with your family because of a woman” . That got me so pissed. A few days later he decides to talk to his brother once again, and he tells him that they need to start respecting me and to his mom as well. (There’s history behind) for the few days he started talking to his brother his brother and girlfriend start telling my husband that he needs to talk to his dad again, and start telling him what if something happens to dad or to you and y’all never talk again... my husband calls his mom and they talk for a few minutes and he then tells her again that they need to respect me, because I am his wife and that his dad needs to apologize to me for what he said and she replies your dad is not going to apologize you now that so don’t even tell him and he hangs up. My husband didn’t talk to his dad for like a week until his dad called him.