I moved to Germany 3 years ago from Turkey. I am 18 and a student. Until this lockdown everything was great between me and my teachers. But during this lockdown they started to ignore me. First we had to write a guide on a certain topic, mine was Laser cutting. I can speak German at a level which is enough for my social life but sometimes falls short on complicated texts like these. So I copy pasted some of my guide from the internet. I know it is wrong but I wasn't understanding much anyways so I couldn't find a different way out. (Turkish information about this topic lacks because Wikipedia was shut down for several years and all other websites were just laser cutting companies promoting their procedures.) So later on my teacher said that it was copy pasted but she didn't say anything else. So I asked her if I should do it again. And her answer was ''Sure you could do it, but only if you understand what you are writing.'' So this kinda got on my nerves but I didn't say anything. Later on we started doing online classes. It was all good for a few weeks but then my teacher created new accounts specifically for her class for us but no one mentioned that to me. And so I wasn't getting any new notifications about classes or homework etc. I later found out from a friend of mine that there was class that day. So I told my teacher that I wasn't getting any new notifications and asked if she could help me about it.  She ignored my question and later on during that day a guy from my class asked the same thing and she answered. I really got annoyed but didn't think much of it, she probably didn't see my text I said to myself. So this week in Germany they started classes in school every now and then. And she asked us if any of us belonged to the risk group. But of course she asked that in German and I didn't understand what it was. I translated it to Turkish but it wasn't making any sense. I had never heard of the translation. I went ahead and asked her what it meant and she ignored me again. After 5 days I got really pissed and confronted her (sort of.) I asked if I did anything to offend her or something. She ignored that as well. I do not know what to do here or why she is doing that. Is it racism? Is it something else?