im 21, trans masculine pre everything due to family, about to start my senior year of college as a marketing major. my parents divorced about a month ago, great timing i know, i found out im behind a semester, i got kicked off campus during my first semester living on campus (i miss it like fucking crazy) bc pandemic, my 4 year old pup passed from epilepsy a few weeks ago, my dad is trying to sell the house ive lived in since i was 10, i have no close family, my mothers an alcoholic who left a few weeks ago and wont listen or leave me alone, i work at a nursing home in order to pay for my car and things and have summer courses to finish, ive been with a boy for a year who doesnt have a job, cant drive, is afraid of leaving his house wether hell admit it or not and wont do any thi ng to make me feel like hes gonna be able to help support us living together eventually, and i have to facilitate anything we do together even him buying me fucking flowers i still have to drive him to get them, and i have to look to moving out the second i graduate. mind you this all literally started to happened in march. my mothers been absent and distance snf drinking my whole life tho. im in therapy but literally i feel stuck out of control and just so goddamn miserable and scared. this pandemic is only making it worse bc im an extrovert who heals with social interaction. i hate the inevitable looming that things are gonna crash and burn with my partner when i graduate bc i have intentions to move to a city and work since i got loans to pay and i want far away from my hometown. i think he will never leave his parents house and i find myself a bit jealous about how he has zero life pressure. i REFUSE to live with his parents i just wont do it. i just dont think hell ever keep a job or drive. it sucks bc ive lost s o much and the idea of losing another thing just god it makes me cry. i think things will get better once schools over but i really need some advice on how to stay any sort of positive or cope with this. my therapist lets me talk but she never offers any coping techniques even tho thats what i need more than ever now that theres no distractions from the problems. im a cosplayer i love art and sewing and live music and i have hobbies but i feel so drained and miserable and disappointed in everything i do anymore. all ive been doing is doing to my temporary job, doing my art commissions, and trying to keep it togwther while my dad unloads every goddamn issue between the divorce and the world on me since hes home from work and womt go to a fucking therapist no matter how much i and my grandmother push. is there anything i can do to feel like i have any kind of security or control?