I just got my nursing licence and am debating where I should apply for work. I’ll provide some background information. I graduating nursing school last year but instead of writing my licencing exam right after graduation like most of my classmates, I decided to take that as my opportunity to move out of my parents’ house (they can be overbearing and a bit controlling so I thought it would be the best for my mental health and to be able to move on and start the next chapter of my life in a better environment). I decided to move in with a good friend of mine from school thinking it would be all sunshine and rainbows. It was for the first few months but then my roommate started getting on my nerves and it became distracting (complaining about me having friends over, being super anal about cleaning, being rude to my bf, constantly knocking on my door to have “roommate talks” which just brought me extra stress) Bottom line, it got to the point where living with her made me miserable, annoyed and the great friendship we once had felt like it fizzled out. Living there had become a burden and it was difficult to really be able to. Fast forward 1 year and I decided it would be best that in order to be able to focus on studying for my licencing exam, I should move back home to the suburbs with my parents temporarily to be able to focus. I continued to pay my share of the rent while I lived at home for 2 months and studied. The environment at home has become better since I left and I feel more at peace here than when I first moved out last year, and much more at peace that I did at my apartment downtown with my roommate. [Here’s my dilemma: with the whole COVID situation, I am debating whether I should continue to stay at home and pay rent to my apartment in case I’d like to live down there again in the coming months when COVID died down (I love this apartment so much, just hate my roommate) and thus find a nursing job up in the suburbs, OR should I just suck it up, go back to my apartment, deal with my roommate issues and find a job downtown?] I feel like living at home would be conducive to me having the support I need in order to focus on a new job (having meals cooked, laundry done, a bigger room and my own bathroom, no noise restrictions). There are less COVID cases in the suburbs than there are downtown. My dad is immunocompromised and has a heart condition, although he says it would be okay to live at home while I worked, and that I would just have to try my best to self-isolate, I would still be afraid to pass it on to anyone in my family. However, in favour of getting a job downtown, I currently have a part time job related to healthcare that I would still like to be able to go to, and having my hospital job downtown would make commuting between the 2 part time jobs a bit easier. Before COVID I also envisioned myself living in my apartment downtown for a long time and working downtown. But the number of cases downtown are a lot more which also scares me. I also feel my roommate situation might distract me or put me in a negative mood when I am trying to focus on work and orienting into my new nursing role. But I know when quarantine ends, I’ll be able to engage in a social life again which may offset any negative moods I’m put in by living with my roommate. There are just so many pros and cons to both sides. I would appreciate any input you guys have in terms of where I should apply for jobs.