I work for a fairly new fast food chain. Let's says they've been around about 40 years. So all their stuff is pretty old school like paper checks, speaker box for the drive thru instead of a headset, etc. It's an okay job. I'm about to go on salary which will hopefully make it more worth it but my biggest issue is when I was hired I was told we would all rotate working weekends and having them off. I don't mind working the weekend but I was told we would rotate them off and that's not how it's happening. Other people have even told me that's just what the HR lady said to get me to take the job like she did to the other person who was hired the same day as I was. On top of the fact were required to work a minimum of 52.2 hours a week to be a manager. Which you never work less than that. All the scheduled days are no less than an 11 hour shift with NO BREAK, and that right there is my biggest issue. The regular employees get breaks but evidently my company gets away with not giving managers breaks by saying that we have time to eat on our shift in the down times, but what if there aren't down times? I can't tell you how many days I've worked without eating at all on a 11-12 hour shift. I barely got anything to drink. It's just frustrating b cause some days the bosses wanna give you shit for trying to sit down and eat something  so it's all that and including the fact we get "two" days off but one of them are on days when we have to be at the store from 430pm til 4:45 in the morning so it doesn't really feel like a day off when I sleep all day from working all night just to have to be back at work at 6:30am the day after my "day off". Also they can call you in at anytime on your "day off" and you have to go in. So it's really hard to have a life or schedule anything. Plus!!!! They make the regular employees schedule for two weeks out and post it every week but our schedule is posted every two weeks so the last night of the week, none of the mangers know what they're working the next day because they don't even have the decency to give us a month in advance schedule so we could possibly attempt to have a life outside of a fast food business 🙃 please be honest with me and tell me if I'm overreacting or if this company is abusing their authority over people. A lot of us feel very overworked. I just need some advice. Thanks in advance.