Yesterday my boyfriend and I went to my parents house for Easter. They’re the only people we’ve visited though the whole pandemic. We had all been hanging out and having a good time and I felt comfortable enough to try to talk to my mom about something that was bothering me. And that was obviously my first mistake because lately my mom is not one for conversation. When I try to talk to her she shuts me out. My boyfriend has told me I have to keep trying so this time instead of letting her just shut me out I continued to try to level with her. My problem is that there is this ugly metal sculpture that my ex boyfriend made. She asked me if she could have it for her garden. I knew where on her property the garden was and knew I would almost never see the damn thing so I told her she could have it. Well a couple weeks ago she decides to move it to her driveway where I have to see it constantly. It wouldn’t be a big deal but every time I see it I’m reminded of the really shitty, emotionally abusive relationship I was in with the man who made it. I tried to explain it to her but she just got angry and screamed at me. I ended up telling my boyfriend we were leaving and she came back outside as we were gathering our things and screamed at me some more and that’s when I lost my cool. She screamed that if I was really in such a bad relationship she would have noticed and I yelled back that she didn’t notice when my biological father raped me for 10 years. Then I punched my grandpa’s car (causing zero damage because I’m very weak) and we left. I know that a period of time to cool off is necessary but I also have no idea how to talk to her. I know she won’t reach out to me because the last really bad fight we had ended up with us not speaking to each other for over a year until I finally reached out. I know she’s my mom but I don’t feel like there’s any genuine feeling of love from her. I feel like she would prefer not having a relationship with me and that’s why she doesn’t ever reach out. Realistically, she doesn’t even call when we’re on good terms. I am always the one calling and checking in and making plans. I feel like maybe it is time to cut ties but I’m having a really hard time coming to terms with that. I don’t know what to do and any advice would be appreciated.