So I have been dating this girl for about 7 months. I’m 21 she’s 24. We both still live with ours parents. We work at the same place making a “non-livable” wage. I am currently attending a community college to receive a two year degree in business management. She has a two year degree in early childhood care. We have admittedly moved fast with this relationship. We have decided that neither of us want to continue living with our parents. Hers treat her very poorly and mine I’m certain are simply just tired of me living with them.  So I have a cousin who lives two hours away and is pretty much my best friend. She has met my girlfriend and likes her a lot. After the three of us have had multiple discussions my cousin has offered to get me a job working with her and happens to know someone who runs a daycare who would like the extra help and is willing to try to talk said person into hiring my girlfriend. My cousin is also willing to let us live with her until we both get on our feet and are able get our own place. With all that said my girlfriend does not want to move two hours away to live with someone she hasn’t known for a long time without the commitment of marriage. Now I am fully committed to this girl so I have proposed. By June we should be married and then moved to my cousins house shortly after. We’ve been engaged for 3 weeks and I have yet to tell anyone in my family other than my cousin. My concern is telling the rest of my family such as my parents and grandparents is that they will not like the idea of me doing all of this because if I do this I will be dropping out of school and I’m almost certain that they won’t like the idea of me marrying this girl so soon. I could see where they’d be coming from but I want this more than anything and if it is a bad move then I’d rather chance it and find out on my own rather than just assume they were right. I’m just really worried they aren’t going to be happy and make the next few months I have left here difficult. Essentially I just don’t know how to go about telling them and what do I do if thing go sour immediately. Any advice?