So I have this friend that I’ve known for 3ish years now. We pretty much talk everyday and hangout most nights. For context I’m a gay woman and my friend is a straight male. I’ve told him before that I am very uncomfortable with objectifying women but he does so constantly in front of me, and about 80% of our conversations are him going off about some physical attribute about some new girl he is trying to get with. It kinda makes me feel sick. On top of this, he has openly tried to get gay women to talk to him in front of me, and has told me how hot he thinks some of them are. But whatever, I could brush some of it off I guess. Well the other night I was going to head to his place and pick up my friend on the way. I call him to see what’s going on for the night and he asks me to pick up his weed for him. The guy who he buys his weed from at one point tried to convince me I wasn’t gay and low key kinda tried to assault me?? I still haven’t worked that out yet, but whatever, he knows this guy makes me uncomfortable. My friend asks if I could pick up the weed on the way to his place (I live like an hour out bc I’m by school for the semester). I reluctantly agreed, and said that I would need my other friend who I was picking up to come with me because I didn’t feel comfortable, and told him I would leave at 9. At 9:04 he calls me and asks where I am, and I tell him I’m at my house about to leave. He freaks out and tells me that he is on a time schedule and I’m holding up everybody now. Like uhmm sorry I’m doing YOU a favor?? So I get my friend and we call him to figure out how we are picking up the weed. He’s super rude over the phone and basically calls me dumb for not hearing him correctly. So we get the weed and head to his place. I give him the weed and don’t get a thank you or anything, like it was just expected of me. His friend is at his place, and he starts talking about how people without masters degrees can hold no opinion on anything and are idiots and it really annoyed me. We started talking about politics and ideology and the two of them tell me I don’t know anything and that my friend can’t believe we are in the same degree program bc I’m so dumb (meanwhile I have a higher GPA and don’t go around spewing science to everyone bc I know they don’t care and I’m not a cocky person). I spend probably 80% of my free time researching politics and philosophy and am very politically active, while the both of them have background in either. The whole night I was talked down to and was made to feel like shit. This morning I called him to tell him something funny I did and immediately he told me that i was pissing him off because I was so stupid, and hung up the phone on me. I’m pretty annoyed and angry. Should I just drop him?