My partner and I have been together for 8 years and we have two dogs. One of them is a joy but the other one is a nervous wreck and takes the fun out of everything. He is a very large bernedoodle at 3 years old. I’ve been bitten by him hard enough to have large bruises for weeks. He’s bitten a family member hard enough to cause bleeding and bruising and has bitten (or rather nipped) my 10 year old nephew twice in one night. I’ve complained about this to my partner on multiple occasions as it’s more or less their baby boy. Don’t get me wrong I love this dog too. The problem now is that we have just moved into our first home and our neighbour has three small children. The fence is in dire need of repair and it’s the first thing on the list but business is slow with covid. We have some temporary fencing up but it’s not enough and I’ve seen him smash against it trying to bite the kids. I’m horrified and I’ve stopped letting him out unsupervised and for long periods. My partner tried doing an off leash session with the parents and kids, giving the dogs treats and all that stuff. Of course he seemed fine then, no problems, but as soon as he’s behind that fence it’s the same story again. These kids are small and they don’t always listen and I’ve seen them climbing a tree next to the fence and peeking in. Kids and dogs don’t understand. I however, am freaking out. I want to rehome our dog before he mutilates one of these kids and ruins their life. My partner wants to spend hundreds of dollars on lessons from a trainer as a last ditch option. I don’t agree that it’s fast enough to solve this issue, if it even does, and the stakes are too high. I don’t want to have to bring him in and put him down and live with the guilt of a kid who has scars for the rest of their life. Am I wrong on this? Is it wrong to value a human life over a dogs? Am I being irrational and cold about my decision to remove a family member? I just think it’s better to rehome him to someone who has a life setup with little to no interaction with kids. I can’t change my neighbours now, I’m not moving any time soon. I don’t enjoy giving up this dog but I’m worried as all hell. Any advice would help.