I have had a friend of 8 years now that has been getting on my nerves. He had told our entire group of friends that he was depressed for at least 2 years now (self diagnosed), and in multiple occasions he texts our group chat saying that he’s feeling sad right now or feeling really down and he would pity himself in it as well. The problem is, we all want to help him but he says to just leave him alone and that he can pull through it himself. The way that I see it is, if you are feeling really depressed, haven’t seen a professional, and it’s been more than a year if you trying to recover on your own, it would be best for yourself to seek any kind of treatment/help, even if it’s from your friends. His parents don’t know about this, and his behavior is also getting weirder. Sometimes he’ll go on r/cursed images and spam our group chat with disturbing and graphic images I can’t even imagine where he found, but he found them. I’ve talked to everyone in the group, and we’re all tired of hearing the same thing, offering help, and the help being declined. He also has issues letting things go, such as his relationship with his ex girlfriend, who is in our group. He is extremely overprotective of her and was clingy until they broke up. His ex tells me she could never do something alone with us, he would always have to tag along. Even so, he wouldn’t share his problems with his ex girlfriend when they were still together, so his life was secluded from her and he knew every aspect of her life instead. Another thing he hasn’t let go of is his crush for my girlfriend. At this point, his behavior is getting ridiculous around my girlfriend. We’ve asked him to stop clinging to my girlfriend and to stop casually flirting with her and taking her stuff, he still does it anyway. The only way my girlfriend can get her stuff back is if she comes and gets it from him, not me, or anyone else in the group. It HAS to be her. I trust my girlfriend to reject his advances, but I’m afraid of what’s to come or if he’ll up the ante with the flirting and suggestive acts. What do I do to save him and my other friends?