I went on a date with this girl and she said she didnt feel anything romantic towards me after but I kept going after her and I would text her once a week asking her what shes up to. I would be the one to always text first about a week in a half ago we talked for like 2 hours ever since then weve been talking alot more almost everyday and even one day she text me first and then asking what I was up to. She added me on snap chat first too I thought I wouldve had to ask for hers. One night we were talking and she snapped me saying she was a little drunk and having inappropriate thoughts . Im dumb and inexperienced and I was confused too because she said she didnt feel anything towards me then she flat out said she was horny. She could tell I didnt do this often because she asked me. She said I wasnt good at picking up the cues or flirting and told me when a girls says that shes horny you should jump on it. This was all in a good manner btw she wasn't being mean. At one point she said she was turned off but having fun because I was being funny with what I was saying. She said she guesses shes just used to talking to douche bags and not good guys. I still got her tit pics though and I sent her a pic of my thing. I really think I fucked it up when I couldnt get hard and took 5 mins to send one back because after I did she said the momentum was gone but I tried to keep it going and asked her to send a pic of her thing but she asked me if Id be mad if she went to bed she was tired. I said no i think I ruined it and she said haha no I had fun. We talked for like an hour the day after but ever since then we havent talked very much like we were. We talk for maybe 10 mins and I try to keep a conversation going but she ends up not texting back. She did tell me at one point shes horrible at replying and isnt ignoring me. I get she could be busy or have nothing else to say. Its got me worried because Ive started to like her alot more over all of this. She text me first the other day and we exchanged like 2 text each before she stopped replying and shes been doing that alot more than usual and the other day she opened my snap when I asked her a question but didnt reply.  Im just going crazy thinking about what if she was becoming interested and I ruined it. Btw I dont text her again if she doesnt reply I wait till she does. This is probably making me sound needy but I overthink alot.