I really do not enjoy my life at home for my whole entire life. There is so much negativity. My dad cusses a lot very constantly and whenever my mom confronts him about it, he either denies, makes excuses, or change the subject. He has bad OCD and anger management issues so he has an issue of repeating a bunch of annoying habits, like checking the door to see if locked (even tho we never use the front door) three times a day or literally cleans up the bathroom while i’m literally taking a bath. Everything he does doesn’t makes sense and when anyone disagrees with him on what he does he will not give up in defending his point or stop that habit. There’s a lot of arguing between my parents and it will not stop even if i take action. They never talk about anything positive and every conversation is about just judging others and it’s very hypocritical. I don’t agree with their moral standpoint at all. Me confronting them just leads in a horrible outcome and getting yelled at. The only good thing about them is that they do provide me with the essentials that i need and i’m very grateful for that. I just don’t know what to do because of this negativity. My mental and emotional health is getting horribly affected by it. I start acting negative around my close friends and i also get anxiety when i hang out with my other friends, which prevents me from creating a friendship with them. If i tried to confront my parents about it, they just say that i’m very ungrateful and i get cussed at. I often feel left out when i can’t have fun with my friends and i feel less valued due to this. I can’t also hangout with anyone cuz my parents are strict due to corona right now. I don’t know what to do. I want to talk to my friends about this problem but i feel i’m gonna get betrayed or my friends would not want to hear about it. I seriously have no hope. I’m so worried that i’m gonna have to be influenced by this for my entire teen life and i just wanna make the best of it. Any advice or opinions would be favorable! Thank you!