Basically it was my birthday Tuesday but we went out clubbing on Friday so this night out was kinda like a birthday night out for me, I suffer kinda bad from anxiety and was nervous about going out as I had just turned 18 and it was my first proper night out clubbing. Everything started of good I met them at there house and we got a uber there and the first few hours were fine. I was abit drunk as was my friend, I was just having fun and dancing ect and then me and my friend went to the toilet to where she turned on me and starting saying I’m pissing her off to Wich I was confused as I hadn’t done anything wrong to her, I just went in the toilet and when I came out I couldn’t find them. Some girl and her boyfriend helped me find them as it was a large club(multiple floors), I literally searched the whole club and finally found them with her sisters boyfriend and his mate, when I went up to them I thanked the two people for helping me and they were really lovely about it, but as soon as I walked up to my mate she really looked disgusted to see me. I could tell straight away that she wasn’t happy I found them and she started again telling them how I’m pissing her off and she’s booking me a cab to witch I said I haven’t done nothing to u and she starts shouting “yes you fu****ing have u had a go at me in the toilet” and I said no I never as it was her who started on me. And her sister was saying how I didn’t do anything wrong and she kept shouting saying she’s ordering me a cab so I can leave, knowing full well I couldn’t really go home and we agreed I’d be staying at there’s. I had enough of her having a go at me as people were staring so I told her to go away so they all left me. I found some girl who I used to go school with and she took me to the toilet as I was having a panic attack as I found out they got a cab home without telling me. I tried to call her but she was being rude to me and ending it so I did begin being rude to her calling her out for what she did.i was crying and was very very angry and I would have never done that to her as she is my closest friend. I don’t have a lot of friends and she’s my main friend I do everything with and we have known eachother for years. I booked a cab to her house as I realised I had all my keys,card ect at her house so I knocked on the door to her throwing my stuff at me. Keep in mind it was 4am and she left me outside in the cold and told me to sleep outside, I fell over really badly in the road and she kept ringing me to fuck off so I got really angry and said we can never be friends again and explaining how I would never in a million years treat her how she’s treated me. I’m very upset now and Idk if it’s wrong to be as angry as I am, am I blowing this way out of proportion?