So I am 13. No shocker there but I feel like it needed to be said for this. So this is about my mother. I know this is probably not very bad but I am unsure what to do at this point. I have a little sister 10. I am not sure what the disorders are called. But it has been explained to me that she has a disorder that makes it basically impossible to have an emotional connection with people. Also apparently she also has something that causes her to only see people as good or bad. Not in between. You know how there are some people who you are like “They have done some bad things but they are pretty alright” My dad I believe is an amazing man. I love him so much and all he does is try to give for us. They divorced about 4 years ago I believe. They remain in good terms and talk often. She also has tendencies to just make up things or twist around words. For example my sister was cutting out an Easter bunny craft and accidentally cut her hair (like 4 inches off of what was hanging down) She then yelled at her and we argued for like 25 minutes. Even though my sister kept saying it was an accident, my mom was convinced and kept saying that she either cut it to look like her friend, someone dared her at school, or she was trying to look like my dad’s girlfriend. (I really enjoy her company and I believe that she is also an amazing person.) When my sister would keep saying it is an accident and my mom would just get even more mad claiming that she just didn’t want to tell her. It was rough. I know what I am also about to explain is very cliché. A thing that gets me mad is about electronics. I know this is standard but I kinda just need to get it off of my chest. I really am an inside person. She forces me outside a lot and just tells me to “find something to do” Me being me that is just something I find hard to do. Anyways enough with the stupid stuff. I know this doesn’t happen as much as I think it does, but it feels like she always sides with my sister. I am just always known for doing something bad, even though I have not done anything. I walk through the kitchen: I get yelled at for trying to steal and eat food because she just knows. It feels like I am just a criminal constantly because of accusations. We got in trouble one time because the bag of chocolate chips were gone and apparently “we did it” It turns out that she just misplaced them. Whenever I have free time and she isn’t on the phone, she will make up more chores just so I won’t have free time. She doesn’t ask for things she just tells us to do them. I know I shouldn’t expect that but I can’t help it. Any time we argue there is no argument because anytime I say anything she just replies with “if you say anything else you are grounded” again another cliché thing. I just want to make it clear that I love her with all of my heart. But it is so hard and I have no idea what to do now. Thank You For Anything