Ok, so this is a long one so sorry in advance. There's this guy whose mom is childhood best friends with my mom. I've known him for years, and he acts like a player and flirts with me all the time( I jokingly flirt back too) but is really nice and sweet. So we recently went to a get together with all of our moms' friends and him, his sister and I were just vibin in a room. The sisters makes some comment about how she's too skinny, and I'm like no ur not, at least you aren't fat like me. They both go nooo you're just thiccc af. He then goes out and the sister and I are talking. I drop my phone on her leg, and it bounces, so she's like see, I'm fat. I drop the phone on my leg, and it doesn't bounce cause I have really muscular legs. He comes back in and is like what are you talking about. We tell him and he's like oh lol. I feel the sisters thigh and my thigh to compare, she does the same, and he asks to do the same, I say yes. Then he's like, damn you make me feel conscious about my leg strength. I bet your ass is super muscular too I'm like ok feel it (this is all jokingly, the sister feels my butt too). Fast forward, we're all watching videos on his phone. The sister is sitting between us and I move her hair out of the way, she's like omg no don't touch my hair, and I'm like damn what's the problem. He agrees and touches both our hair and is like what's the big deal. I jokingly say don't grab my hair grab my tits instead. He's like can I actually, and I'm like, uhhh I guess?? so then he lightly touches my boob and is like my life is complete. I roll my eyes. Now fast forward a few hours. The party is over, its 2 am and I'm on my phone in my bed at home. He texts me sending me untitled goose game memes. I laugh and send some back. Eventually, the conversation becomes sexual, and he asks me what my bra size is, I tell him and ask him how big his dick is. He tells me, and asks if I wanna see. I'm a bit uneasy, but I go with it and I'm like sure I guess. He's like send me a pic of your boob first, but if you don't want to, that's ok, I promise I won't ss. I'm like ok and we exchange pics. He was so horny, and his dick was very hard. I was like wtfff. When he saw my pic he was like omg you're so beautiful, and I thought omg no one has ever said that to me before. He then texted me saying I hope you know that you are very pretty and I'm like thanks I guess. This all happened Sunday night/Monday morning. It is now Tuesday and he won't stop texting me, asking where am I, how am I, how he's thinking about me, telling me anecdotes about the dumb shit he did. He lives across from my school, so he takes a pic of it and says I see you. I'm like wtf is happening, cause we usually don't text much. Did he catch feels? Cause I now regret what happened If he did cause I don't wanna be more than friends. What should I do?