Hi everyone. I'm a sophomore in highschool and I'm currently being homeschooled and I was in public school last year. My mom pulled me and my siblings out of school because she thought homeschool was a better choice because she gets to choose what we learn and because "she misses us". I could've gone to public school this year, I wasn't forced. But no, I stupidly agreed because public school was stressful. Homeschool has proved to be even worse. My mom doesn't even take part in teaching me, the curriculums I'm using are self-paced. I'm taking English II, World history, and geometry. I don't have any electives and I did have a biology curriculum but I couldn't find the PDF worksheet file on the dvds so I don't have any biology credits. I've been watching crash course videos in vain hopes that it's better than nothing but I know it's not enough. Geometry is fine, I'm doing an online class and it keeps track of my grades for me so that's pretty cool. The English and history curriculums are stupid old fashioned curriculums and I have to grade them all myself. My mom won't grade them. I have to do it. It's not been going well. I'm like 2 books behind on grading because it's too stressful and confusing. I have terrible focus and no motivation and my mental state has been really bad since October. That, on top of the fact that most of my curriculum sucks is causing me to put off assignments and skip days because it feels so hopeless, and what's the point of even trying if I'm not going to be able to graduate high school anyway? I really really don't want to be a loser without a diploma. I want to graduate and I want a decent job. That should be enough to push me to work harder and stop procrastinating but it isn't. I know I need to work harder but I can't. Everything is too overwhelming and my brain shuts down under pressure. And I still am missing credits because I don't have biology or elective classes. I guess I could take a biology class over the summer or something but I don't have the willpower to get stuff done anymore. I can't. I am a lazy, no-good piece of crap and my future looks hopeless. What do I do? Should I be in therapy? Is there anything I can do about my missing credits or am I doomed to spend the rest of my life working a minimum wage job?