I’ve been questioning this for a very Long time and can’t really see it through but many people say that they probably are. My friends are good in a way but sometimes they could come off as very bad. I’m comfortable in my own body but then when it comes to my friends they often come across as insecure and would always self deprecate themselves. Most of them are in the overweight isle and I’m the only skinny girl in the group. People would insult the heaviest girl in the group often , let’s call her P , calling her a pig and etc. P comments about my appearance the most , by saying “you think you’re as pretty as her?” when I said whether she’s referring to that girl when she said I look like some other girl and would always downplay my looks or commenting about my skin tone. The others in the group would make fun of my appearance despite many people saying I’m the most attractive looking one in the group. When I got a 93/100 for one of my exams , they didn’t congratulate me or be happy for me and when a boy I was talking to called me pretty , P and another girl let’s call her A would then say I’m a catfish and etc when I don’t use filters. I was once in the toilet with A and because P didn’t come to school that day , she was FaceTiming her when she saw me and then said “omg *my name* you’re so pretty” then P started laughing , A then said “why are you laughing?” Then P said “are you being sarcastic?” Then A said “yeah you don’t know?” Then I decided to walk out of the toilet to not get hurt more. There was also a time where I was walking with my group home and because I walked faster then the others I was infront of them , then when I looked back , a girl let’s call her H was making fun of my hourglass figure saying it’s wierd looking. And about a few months ago , I was playing in the park with them when they decided to tell me to sit down with them and have a conversation , they then said that they hated me and listed out the most stupidest reasons like talking about clothes a few times and stuff? Then they told me that I just look average and that I shouldn’t ask them whether my hair was neat or not (that time they ruined my hair and it was a big mess so I decided to tie it up and told them whether it was still messy lol). There was also another time when I was going shopping with them when a random girl came up to me and said that I was pretty and then when she left P said that she probably is only saying that due to my popular sister . Just to say , back then when they did all those things to me I was not narcissistic, I had a very Low self esteem but after the 2 month holiday I had without them I started to find myself loving myself more. I also do find them my grades accelerate more when I wasn’t in much contact to them. There are also other things they did to me regarding my achievements and appearances that would come off as a very Long list. And if you think that being called “average” is fine , I used to be an ugly duckling and decided to take care of myself more , then one day when I went to school after a Long public holiday , a lot of boys started having crushes on me and everyone said I was beautiful and when someone says I look “average” it often translates to me that I’m not good enough. So yeah.