I'm only 16 but this has been bugging me for over a week now. I've always been scared to grow up and scared to die. I'm afraid that I'll become out of touch, that I'll become decrepit and senile, that everything will change. I loved the culture that was present in the early 2010s and I'm struggling to deal with the end of many things I always thought would be with me forever. There will be kids who grow up not experiencing the events, books, shows, movies, and culture that I did. If I die any legacy I leave behind will inevitably be forgotten. I don't want to just die and lose the memories of the amazing things I've experienced. I want to keep my memories and personality while continuing to make more. I want all the people I know and love to last along with me. Sometimes I'm comforted by religion but I end up doubting its feasibility eventually. As a kid I hoped that we would somehow find a cure to aging within the next few years but seeing how long things have taken so far, I fear that a good portion of the people I value will have passed by then. And if we were somehow do develop eternal life, we would have to deal with overpopulation and a radical redefining of traditions, social norms, and the way death is depicted in media. And even if we do somehow solve those we would have to deal with preventing boredom for all of eternity. After a few thousand, million, or even billion years we would probably run out of things to do or see even with the constant invention of new fields and areas of interest. There are only so many skills to develop and so many stories to make. Dying then would mean the loss of countless memories. If the afterlife did exist a similar dilemma would occur. And if the afterlife is just existence and eternal bliss then what's the point? That would be no different from being high on drugs 24/7. I don't know what to do right now as eventually it will all be meaningless. Me and everything I know and love will be forgotten or I will eventually suffer a miserable mind numbing existence forever. Please help