After a long and prolonged battle it has finally broken me. For as long as I can remember I have been a nervous and empty person that always jumped to false conclusions and someone who isolated myself out of fear of rejection. When I was in high school things really started to go downhill for me but I had one thing to be proud of, my education. With what little energy I could muster I did my best academically but always did only what was required never anything extra. I had few friends though my highschool years because I usually just hung out with the same circle I had had since elementary school. Eventually I whittled my number of friends down to just one, and finally I managed to push him away too. Completely alone going into college and mentally I was on a knifes edge. Once I moved into the dorms I actually became somewhat good friends with my roommate but I craved more. Finally I decided to go to some recruitment events for the fraternities on campus, and got accepted into one. I thought that this would be the fix, these guys could lift me out of myself and turn me into the man I always wanted to be. I now realize that this was my job, but I have always loved to delegate my problems to others. The euphoria I expected to come out of the college parties never came, the pit in my stomach was still there even though I now had more friends then ever. I got desperate and turned to drugs to try and escape. I started with alcohol and drank heavily but eventually realized it wasn't enough, I needed more. Then I turned to weed hoping that maybe what everyone said about it was true and it would forcefully make me "just chill" but all it did was make me even more paranoid. Strike two, but there was one more drug I had access to that would make me happy without fail apparently: cocaine. Every time I could get my hands on it I would do as much as possible and wait for the euphoric burst of life to kick in. It never did. I would just be jumpy, incredibly paranoid, and still empty.  What the fuck why won't it all stop. I even managed to stumble into having sex a few times in college in my drug induced hazes, I felt nothing every single time and just went through the motions. By my second semester sophomore year I had had enough and drove up to local secluded river and decided to end the nightmare by jumping off the bridge. I sat on the railing for three hours then got back in my car and drove home and drank myself to sleep. My friends wanted to help but I never let them because somehow I knew I deserved all of what I had got. Midway through the semester I dropped out and my parents came to get me and drove me home. I stared blankly at my mom she cried and my dad screamed about how much of a failure I had become. Now I work at a goddamn grocery store making fuck all and I've had enough. I can barely get out of bed anymore and every day is like a bad dream where I wonder how it all went so wrong. Reddit has been an escape for me for years and I want to thank you guys.