So some background info. My husband went to school with “Jim”. They have been friends for 15 yrs now. Btw we are all in our early 30s. I became good friends with Jim’s wife Jane. We have kids they same age and we just really get along great. My kids love her kids and consider them his very best friends. My husband has known him many years and while they were close when they were teenagers but drifted apart as time went on due to different lifestyles. They were still friendly but never hung out. I became good friends with Jane after an invite to their sons birthday party and we got the kids together weekly some times even more as we are both stay at home moms. The problem is Jim. He is ignorant. He’s a huge Trump supporter but whatever different strokes for different folks. We just avoid political convos. He’s also a huge Alex Jones fan. Again not our cup of tea but we looked past it. And when I say Trump  and Alex Jones fan I really mean fanatic. These guys can do no wrong ever to him. We’ve had friendly debates before and we can accept our short sidedness or if we were wrong about something but he just doubles down. Well now with the protests and Black Lives Matter movement in the news he’s ramped up his bullshit. We are on opposite sides. My family is all half black. I am the only white one in my generation. My brother and sister are half black and every one of my 10 cousins are all half black. All 10 of my nieces and nephews are 75% black. So while I will never understand what they are going thru or will go thru, the protests and the BLM movement hits close to home. Jim thinks it’s bullshit. He will text things and send articles to my husband about how George Floyd had drugs in his system so that should paint a picture. ( it doesn’t doing drugs should be a fucking death sentence and is no excuse for his murder) He talks about how more cops have been killed by black people than black people killed by cops with links to some lame ass site that isn’t credible but fits his narrative. Sends the All lives matter bullshit and praises how the cops have been handling the protesters, which he only refers to as looters. He’s racist. One message verbatim was “I can’t believe the cops have been so restrained”. I kid you not. If the cops were so restrained this wouldn’t be happening. Anyway I’m rambling. My issue is I’m just done. I don’t want to be bothered by him anymore. I don’t give a shit about his views and reading his messages make my blood pressure rise. The only hesitation I have with cutting him off is his wife and kids. She doesn’t share his views, she refuses to talk about politics with him. I cherish our friendship and so do my kids. (They are under 4 so if we cut contact they will recover) A part of me doesn’t want to punish her and the kids for his bigotry. But I also don’t want my kids to hear some of his nonsense second hand. Eventually the kids will be old enough and what if his views rub off on the kids? I’m really struggling. I’ve been distant with the wife, I don’t text her as much as we usually do. While restrictions have let up shes aware I’m still not willing to hang out with anyone so that hasn’t been an issue. It feels like I’m going thru a break up almost. My husband is supportive in whatever I choose, he believes my reasons are valid. I am just conflicted. I’m leaning towards just cutting off contact, idk how I’d go about it. Has anyone had to cut of loved ones due to beliefs? How do you get over it? Can you really have a friendship with someone if you hate everything their husband stands for? Honestly his responses lately have began to taint my impression if her. I get that she doesn’t feel the same but this is the man she is raising kids with and spending her life with. A part of me wonders if I should even be friends with someone who’s willing to just look past or ignore his remarks. If my husband was openly racist I would try to educate him or reevaluate raising a family with him. Sorry this is all over the place, I’m on mobile and my thoughts are all over the place. Any advice on how to move on or handle this is greatly appreciated.