Hello and thank you for taking the time to read my post. So I’m a 20 year old male college student in my second year, I live at home because I figured it would be a good way to save money while attending university. Since I began college I struggled to create any sort of social life and I think that’s because I was still dating my girlfriend from high school, who is a year younger so I would do things with her my first year instead of with classmates, although I never had any meaningful interactions that led to hanging out or doing anything.And also because I live at home with my mom, which naturally made me have to put in extra effort to create friendships. This became an issue because all my friends from high school went to other universities which made it even more difficult, so I was essentially starting over. Fast forward to present day, and I’m closing in on the end of my second year and very unsatisfied with my life. Around the beginning of December my then girlfriend broke up with me as we drifted apart in our long distance relationship since she went to university 3 hours away. I partially blame myself for not contributing enough to keep our relationship healthy, but’s that’s a whole other story. This semester I managed to create a very mild friendship with some guys from one of my classes. We’ve hung out a handful of times together and it was some fun, but none of them really share some of the strong interests of mine, which is that I’m a big sports fan who could watch football, basketball and baseball all day long. I’m not a huge partier, I take medications for a condition I was diagnosed with a few years ago, and drinking in excessive amounts would not be good for me. I have never drank or been to a party, yeah I’m that guy. I just don’t know what to do or how to meet people who I’d click with. I’ve considered moving out and trying to find some roommates to move in with to force myself to be social but I just don’t know. If anyone could share any advice or tips that you think would be helpful I would be very much appreciate it.