so i’m going to be a junior in high school next year and i’m thinking about doing the IB diploma. i’ve heard how stressful it is and i’ve also heard that it’s somewhat pointless. i’m also a dancer, so almost every day i will have dance anywhere from three to six hours each day. at my current school, i have basically no friends. i sit alone at lunch, and i’m very quiet in all of my classes. in elementary school and the beginning of middle school, i had lots of friends and i was very much an extroverted person. now that i have no friends (except for a few friends i have at my dance studio that don’t attend the same school as me), i feel very lonely and i feel like it’s affecting my mental health. in the future, i want to be an entrepreneur (that seems a little random to say but it’s an important part of my situation). entrepreneurship is a class that’s not offered at my current high school, but it’s offered at another high school near my house. i have lots of close friends that attend this other school. i was thinking about transferring there because it has the class that i’m wanting to take, and lots of my friends also go there. i talked to my counselor and she said that i can’t transfer because taking a class not offered at my current school is not a valid reason to move. on the school board website, it states that a student may apply to transfer schools if a class isn’t offered at your current school. my dad is very much supportive of me transferring, but my mom does not approve. my older brother graduated high school as an IB diploma candidate, and she wants me to follow in his footsteps. the IB diploma is not offered at the school that offers entrepreneurship, but i did tell my mom that if i transfer, i will take all AP classes, and go for the advanced diploma at this new school. i don’t know if i should contact my counselor again and ask to transfer, or if i should suck it up and go for the IB diploma at my current high school, even though i won’t have any friends and i will be forced to quit dance in order to maintain good grades (also i will be very stressed due to the hard classes i will be taking).