You know I think it might be easier to talk to people I don’t know then people I do know. So I’ve lost one of closest friends actually she was my best friend. She did something to me that I couldn’t let go of which eventually ended our friendship. I feel like there’s a big hole missing in me. I would love to contact her again but I know it’ll never be the same because there’s something she said that I can’t let go of and probably  some things I said she can’t let go of either. This all happened fairly recently (like since October) and maybe I just need some time but I just haven’t felt like myself. I’ve been feeling so sad and even though I have a lot of friends, I feel so alone. Mind you, I am a very energetic person, I never felt like this. I’m always happy and bold but now I feel so sad and it’s a weird feeling for me. I’ve been trying so hard to forget about her but I keep having dreams of her and thinking about her when I’m not doing anything more than I ever did when we were friends. Last thing is our personality were polar opposite. I was very outgoing, honest, bold, I was not very sensitive, I was very opened. which made me look like a bitch a lot of times and tbh I can be such a bitch. She on the other hand was very shy, converse and overly sensitive. I’d say something, she’s be offend by it and mind you im just being blunt and it had no connotation. That should’ve been a very big warning sign that our friendship wouldn’t last. It was such a good friendship before everything went south and I miss all the memories and having someone I can talk to about everything, every second of the day. I miss the long face time just talking about random shit, I missing being able to be weird as fuck and do crazy things I’d never do with my other friends. But now I also feel really disconnected to the friends I have now which is really weird cause I love them all. I just wanna start over, make completely new friends and just forget the pass. Do you guys have any suggestion about what’s wrong with me or what I can do to stop feeling like this?