Hey everyone. I feel so fucking stupid. So Im 21 and have a pretty awful social skills and social anxiety and depression. But I can live with that. the thing that bothers me most is how slow I am. My brain just works more slowly than everybody else. I think this is the root cause of all my problems. I work at a starbucks for about 5 months now. 1 and a half hours away by transit. I used up my 30 days paid leave. now im on 30 days unpaid leave. Because my brain works more slowly than other people which makes look like a fucking idiot most of the time. Like in my head I think ill be working fast and ill really be trying but people still have to constantly tell me to be faster. And it takes longer for me to absorb new information and even when im conversing with customers or other people because I process information more slowly ill be slow to respond or find the right words or I don't understand what they said. I look like a total dumb ass. training for the job role was really unpleasant. I embarrassed myself like everyday and slowly but surely I caught on on how to do things but I was still way slower than everybody else and made a lot of mistakes making drinks. So my unpaid leave ends in 17 days and because I've been away for so long I'm worried im going to make all the same mistakes I made when I first got hired and everyone will hate me even more. I don't think anyone likes me there. On top of all that this coronavirus is really making me anxious. I don't want to risk catching it and spreading it to my parents or my grandmother who we buy groceries for every week and who is already in really poor health. But I'm afraid if I give my 2 weeks notice in a few days and quit it'll be really hard for me to get another job. I miss the days where I was working in a warehouse. I hate working with customers so much. I called my doctor a few days ago and he said he's going to get me a psychiatrist appointment but its going to take a very Long time. I want to make the right decision but I don't know what it is. I know I went all over the place and this is probably difficult to read and any feedback is greatly appreciated.