My dad passed away yesterday and I feel numb. I'm 22F and haven't graduated from college yet. He hasn't seem me do anything with my life yet. I had so many things I wanted him to see me do. We had a rough childhood and when my parents split he resorted to drinking(his cause of death). I feel like he blamed himself and our relationship never recovered. He was diagnosed with liver disease and liver cancer, so I went to live with him to take care of him while going to school. We would watch tv and laugh together. We would talk, never deep conversations but light and funny ones. It's not fair and I can't help but blame myself for not talking to him more. for not hanging out with him more. The last time I spoke to him before the ambulance took him he was fine. He always gets really sick, would get admitted, and after a few weeks get to come home. So I didn't know this would be the last time. I knew he was sick but I didn't know it would be now. Why now. I had to say goodbye to him yesterday but he wasn't even awake. He looked like a skeleton and I swear to god that picture is going to haunt me for the rest of my life. I saw him take his last breath and I started to shake him asking him to just wake up to please wake up. I couldn't even get any other words out of my mouth. I couldn't even tell him I loved him, I just wanted him to wake up dammit.  And then the nurses and doctor came in, pronounced him dead. and what? thats it? You can't tell me that's it. And now i'm home, alone. And i'm supposed to just live my life the next day like nothing ever happened? I'm sick to my stomach.... that was my fucking dad. My fucking DAD for gods sake. I know he's out of pain, he's not suffering, he's in a better place. But holy shit I can't stop thinking that he's just.... dead. I know i'm rambling here but I can't believe this. My brain is malfunctioning trying to even understand a single tiny bit of what the fuck just happened to me yesterday. I can't stop thinking of all the things I regret, I can't stop thinking of how sorry I am for not doing more with him. Please someone tell me how to stop. Please tell me how to stop thinking this way. I feel so sick.