As the title says, things with my grandpa aren't going well. It's gotten to the point where my mom is going to move me out to a family friends until she can find a new place for us and my three other siblings. I know he's older and I should respect my elders (turning 16 in 2 weeks btw) but the stuff he does is so infuriating. We started bonding at first when we moved in, then there was this one incident with me and my little sister. I broke a bottle of hot sauce and he started yelling trying to figure out what and who broke something. I didn't answer at first cause I went to grab a towel and wipe it up but he comes out and starts yelling at my little sister. Now I understand why he was mad but he was insulting her which wasn't helping anything, so I jumped in and explained that I was the one who broke it and that he didn't need to be yelling or insulting. That's what kinda started the feud and ever since then our arguments got worse and regrettably pettier. Now at one point I kinda realized that this wasn't helping anything, our family is already divided as is, its stressing my mom out and shes already a single mother with 4 kids, and its already awkward enough. So for awhile I kinda just dealt with the things he did to me, like the sly little out of pocket things he'd say ,or the things he didn't need to do but did because communicating with his grandchildren is "to hard". But one thing that I hate the most is when he takes my freshly washed clothes out of the washer machine, and puts them in a nasty tub next to it that makes the dirty again. I've told him not to do this. I've told him to tell me so I could grab them. I went as far as to write in nail polish not to put my clothes in there (probably shouldn't have done that), but time and time again he continued to do exactly what I asked him not to. So one day I see his stuff in the washing machine and I needed to put my things in there, so I did what he did. All of my retaliations I had been doing up until that point were stuff that he did to me. I wanted to get back at him and make him feel how I feel. I know I'm in the wrong for that. It was a lapse in judgement and I thought I needed to jump at the chance. So when he found his washed clothes in the nasty tub he flipped out. Started throwing things, screaming, then stormed out. My mom got mad at me and I understand why. We had a little argument and I kinda stormed out to get some air and clear my head. When I got back like 3 hours later she hit me with the news that I was moving in with a family friend for awhile. Hes done other things like call the police on me because he thought I punched a hole in the wall, which I have in the past on accident (Gaming is a hell of a drug), but he had no proof, just heard a bang which was not from me and no one else in the house heard a thing then calls the police and tells then I need to be arrested. I don't know what to do about my grandfather. To be honest I don't ever wanna talk to him again. I know this may seem like stupid teenager stuff but why would I want to ever talk to a man so set in his ways that he wont try and just talk to me and set things straight? I've tried to talk to him calmly many times but he only wants to talk to my mom, and even then nothing is accomplished. I've thought about trying to get a therapist for myself cause sometimes my anger does get the best of me, but its only with him that I get that angry. Again I really have no idea what to do so that's why I'm asking reddit. Sorry if there's some misspelling. Thanks for listening.