I’m not sure what I expect to get out of this. Though I’m worried it may be criticism instead of understanding, but here it goes. Without getting into too much detail yet...I guess I’m just looking for someone to talk to about this. Of course I’ll explain, but basically my relationship had fallen apart and despite loving my wife things got really bad. It lot happened to bring us to that point and she had her missteps but then I did. Something I didn’t think I’d ever do that started as just flirting, just seeking attention, just wanting to feel like I was worth something at the time or maybe just feel anything at all. It resulted in me flirting with this beautiful woman, which turned into me trying to get her number just to see, which ended up carrying on for a while. Now I know you’re probably thinking “right sure you just wanted to “flirt”” I’ve got no reason to lie to you though I don’t know you and you don’t know me. Granted we never slept together (me and this other woman) but we talked every day all day. She had no idea about my situation. I was honest with her about everything except my relationship. Meanwhile my life was becoming more of a mess and somehow I found myself falling for this woman. This sounds insane to me I’m not the type to believe in love that quickly or any of that corny stuff , but I can’t deny it. I felt connected to her on another level almost like I had known her my whole life. As my life kinda fell apart centered around the mess of a relationship we had I ended up calling it off. Not in the best way either the other woman deserved better (yes so did my wife despite what she did but specifically speaking about how I ended things here). I was just vague and abrupt basically. My wife wanted to leave but somehow through all that we decided to stay together. There was a lot going on at the time and part of me thinks if all that wasn’t, which led to a lot of expectations from family and friends, that maybe we wouldn’t have stayed together. But we did. We decided to stay the course whether it was fear of letting people down or the love we still had refusing to let go I don’t know. It was rough still is sometimes. Fast forward 9 months (no there’s no baby in this story) I haven’t been able to get the other woman out of my mind or my even dreams for that matter. It’s awful because my wife doesn’t deserve that but here I am. I blame myself sometimes thinking it’s gotta be me just refusing to let this all go right how could I actually be in love with someone else when the amount of time couldn’t have been enough for that right? I don’t know the answer to any of my questions. The only thing I do know is that I know what I feel. I’ve spent a lot of time trying to sort through my thoughts since I cut it off with her and decided to push forward with my wife. Honestly I don’t know that I want someone’s opinion of what the answers might be I just want someone to talk to. Of course who in my actual life could I possibly talk to about this? So here I am seeking someone anonymous to help alleviate the burden this is on my mind. Cause with each passing day I feel it bothering me more and more. Who knows maybe no one will reply...but at this point it’s worth a shot.