Hey, I am 16 years old and is from Atlanta. I am a the creation of two Nigerian parents. Throughout my life I was one who always cared about others and put them before me. Ever since I was young, I’ve always experienced mental and physical abuse. I was always looked as a liar because of my young age or that I was seeking the need for attention. I can’t really remember how old I was ever since I started experiencing it. But what I will do is talk about the many things I can remember. I was at the age of 6 or 7 where I was friends with a bully who I thought was my friend. Both our families knew each other and we lived in the same neighborhood. Since I was so young no one ever believed anything I’d say because of course who wants to listen to a little child. This bully was a female who enjoyed doing devious things and would blame it on me just to watch me get beat. The bully was at least 10 or 11 so she clearly had a sense of what she was doing. She would do things such as destroy my younger sisters clothing, write on our walls, or rip family pictures up. While I was getting beat for the things she did. I could see that it was some type of entertainment for her. I was in 4th grade and got molested by the son of my mother’s friend. I didn’t know what to do, I was so scared and young minded that I thought I could be pregnant. Years pass by and as I got older. I developed serious anger issues that was looked as me being disrespectful by my parents. 7th grade had to be one of my worst years in middle school because I gradually became depressed and had anxiety. I had terrible teacher’s who seen me as an outcast and never took it upon themselves to really figure out what was going on with me. I reacted to people who tried to disrespect me in terrible ways such as saying hurtful things to them. Obviously something was wrong with me but it never got acknowledged. My anger issues grew worse as I remember throwing my phone on the floor until it broke while I was at school out of anger. I only threw it because my phone had randomly broke, so I tried to make it even worse. The other students seen it as comedy, but deep down I was clearly not okay. I remember getting sent to the counselor and mentioning self harm (the worst thing I ever did). The useless school counselor told me shit that I clearly didn’t wanna hear, so finally she gave me a paper to agree that I wouldn’t harm myself. Yea I signed the paper, but she called my mom. My parents are extremely strict about things, but when it comes to the school calling them. They will completely lose it. I got home and my mom was clearly upset about it that she started beating me with a broom all because they told her that I wanted to kill myself. She then told me to kill myself (which was not the first time I heard that) and took my phone from me. I spent the entire day crying (something I still do till this day) and was just upset with myself. Whenever I get like this I don’t even think about doing anything, not even eating. There was one time where I got into a physical fight with my sister (who is younger, yet bigger than me) and I had pushed her into the wall out of anger. This caused a whole in the wall and I knew my ass was grass. What led up to the fight was my sister kept on taunting me and I was laughing about it and next thing you know she puts her hands on me. When my parents got home they were clearly upset about it and were mostly upset with me. They kept beating on me and arguing with me that I had yelled out “I wanna kill myself”. They then kept telling me to do it and this triggered me to have an anxiety attack. This continued to happen all the way up into high school. Ever since I’ve turned 16 I self diagnosed myself with anxiety, depression, and bipolar depression. My parents don’t even acknowledge it, no matter how many anxiety attacks or mental break downs I’ll have. I just came here to speak because of what happened to me last night where it was a situation between my brother and I about whether or not he had taken my headphones. You’re probably thinking like wow headphones. Yes headphones because music is how i cope with my problems. Doing impulsive things such as smoking was and was not really helping me. My parents then got involved and started beating on me. Except this time I had cuts and bruises on my face. There is probably a whole lot that I am leaving out, but it’s kinda hard for me to even be typing this shit up. Yes I want some help, but how will I even get it. I just want someone who I can talk to in person.