I am a former aikido and current bjj student. I am a shodan in aikido and a purple belt in bjj. I trained over the years with several different teachers and studied various styles ranging from the flowery dancing type, to the very aggresive (for all intents and purposes)styles which tried to copy the intensity of daito ryu. I think there are many aikido students who are legitimate badasses. I see its strengths, i see its weaknesses, and i have my opinions. I have since renounced my rank and no longer train it for various personal reasons. But that being said i still study standing locks and control as part of my jujitsu study which i participate in regularly. Immersing myself in jujitsu has opened up my mind and eyes to many things i didnt realize, or actually want to accept before. One of the things i have noticed while perrusing this sub reddit though is that most of the people on here do not cross train in jujitsu, but are experts at it. Theyve never rolled but they know more ground work than jujitsu students and "can hold their own". They dont fight or train full contact, because their "technique is too dangerous". They are convinced that they could easily control and manipulate the limbs of a jujitsu student or boxer or muay thai fighter with ease, because "O sensei did and theyre teacher was his student amd showed" them "some stuff". You guys have to stop. We all know youre either making it up or sparring with white belts. But since i know all im going to hear is shit for this post, do us a favor. Prove it. Show up at an mma or bjj gym and record you "holding your own". I saw a comment awhile back that was, "if the wrestler tried to double leg him, hed just 'draw him in and then go for the easy kaiten nage' " WTF?  This is the kind of ridiculiusness im talking about. But look at it this way; if you could control a wrestler, if you could easily control a grappler with aikido, do you realize how many people in jujitsu would be impressed and want to learn it!?! A ton! So unless you have verifiable proof of you beating up a jujitsu student, please stop. I think aikido and jujitsu complement each other and i think aikido people would enjoy and benefit from jujitsu just like many do from judo. Some do cross train, and theyre absolute terrors on the mat. But i think most aikido people are too scared or proud to start at the bottom and work up. Aikido could be a very effective martial art, but youre only making it look bad when you make things up. Because we all see through it.