Hi, I want to share my overall experiences with you, I hope it's ok for a host to share his point of view. I started sharing my flat a few years back and I left expensive things in it, naively thinking that  the person coming in would honor my trust. I also had a ridiculously low price. Then these things happen. I had items stolen ( of course), a guest broke my boiler and drier and acted as if my humble studio was not good enough so I asked her to move, giving her a refund. She declined and said she would stay as long as she wants and of course that didot go well for her. I allowed her to stay one more night to find another place but she instead tried to get even. She searched and found something to  take a picture  off, and it was some  black paint splashes that were under the sink and claimed it was mildew. Another guy came and ate all my food, and complained the forks were not in a place he liked, that the pillows had no covers ( the pillows were in the dresser, he slept on the decorative ones) and was grumpy cause the internet did not allow for downloads. Then a guy with a false photo came in my home, chatted me up on viber when I had other things to do, self invited himself at my neighbors party, asked to stay another night and when at some point we had an altercation, he threatened me to put me on reddit.  I m not one to be against guests. I never saw them as guests but as people with whom I shared my home when not in the country. There were pictures of my family, my clothes, in a true spirit of sharing. But too many were mad as if I was some rich home owner. ( I m not, I have nothing else in life than this one bedroom studio) I have stopped sharing it for more than a year now. I am not in the service business and feeling my home and myself were treated as servants or disposable was not  what it was when airbnb started.  I made some awesome friends despite these cases. There was nothing more satisfying then seing someone grateful and happy to stay in your home, leaving it clean, appreciate the same things you appreciated in it. It was a bonding experience, that we saw life the same way and lived in the same house, saw he same view, and felt the same relaxing energy. I miss that.