Hi, sorry if this is a bit long. My boyfriend and I have used Airbnb only once. We stayed in a home for a few days, and off the bat we liked the host because he had great communication and was kind enough to let us check in a couple hours early. Here’s the deal though: there was this “forbidden garage” that was locked from the inside that we were told not to enter on the listing. We were fine with it, but then late at night we started hearing sounds from the garage. For context, I’m a small female so this terrified me. My boyfriend was concerned as well. Eventually the sounds stopped for the night. The next day we could hear voices and sounds all the way from across the house coming from the garage. Eventually we figured that it was the owner doing things in there, but we weren’t happy since we were never warned that the owner would be constantly going into the garage (the listing made the house seem very private and also never mentioned the host checking in on us or anything.) These on and off noises continued for the entire stay. Eventually when it came time to leave, we cleaned everything so it was the same condition as we had first walked in. We tried to be very careful about cleaning. The only thing I can think of that might have been “bad” is that my boyfriend stripped the sheets off the bed and put them in a pile for the maid that would be coming in because he thought it would be nice, and I might have forgotten a fork in the sink? When we got home my boyfriend sent the host a message about the sounds from the garage (nothing mean, I think he just mentioned that it scared us and we weren’t prepared for it so he should warn future guests) and we left them a good review (that didn’t mention anything negative). A little later, we got the review “Nice guest, but left the place messier than usual guest” in return. This is our only review and now places we try to book are saying they are uncomfortable with us staying there because of the review. My question is how to deal with this. Just keep trying to book different places? Also, do you think putting the sheets in a pile and possibly leaving a fork would warrant that review, or is he mad we complained about the garage noises?