A while ago I dated this manipulative guy. After a few weeks, he said he loved me and asked if I loved him too and said no of course, and broke up after a while. A couple of years ago my best friend since like 5th grade started dating him and I didn't really care because I thought he could've changed since then. They had been dating for a few months and she's already saying that she loves him and I'm like "I'm happy for you." Then I learned he hasn't changed and he's still controlling, I barely see her and when I do he's always around and it's only 2 minutes. I talked to her about it and said its fine if he's around I just wanted to see my best friend even if it is just 5 minutes, she said she'll hang out with me but she never did. Then I found out that he cheated on her, got my proof, and told her but she had already known about it. I understand that she doesn't have to tell me everything but I think that if someone you love hurts you, you would want support, and I'm just confused why she didn't tell me anything. They broke up for the first time and literally started dating another girl 3 DAYS after they broke up and dead-ass started saying "I love you" to each other like 2 days after dating. I go to and talk to her about it like "it's crazy that they are doing all that this fast!" They ended up getting back together a few days later apparently she was the "rebound" girl :/. I don't understand how you can date someone that fast without flirting for a while first but whatever. Cheats on her again for the confirmed second time I again tell her she gets mad at me says that she loves him and he loves her and it was just a stupid mistake even though when they started dating again she did that if he did it again that she would drop him immediately. They aren't dating anymore I'm not thinking of him, even though he still gives me the side-eye. Since we have mutual friends, they have been asking what happen to us since we had been so close before. I don't like to talk about it, because losing a close friend who helped me through so much now hates, I tell them to ask her not me. So behind doors, she's telling them all that I've been controlling and that I had destroyed her relationship with him. And I'm actually really confused if I'm the one in the wrong. I really want to fix our relationship but I don't want to be used. So am I in the wrong and should I try to fix our relationship?