I'm sorry if this kind of post isnt allowed I couldn't find any subreddits about alcoholic family members. So, mom has been alcoholic for as long as I can remember and probably long before I was born, it runs in the family. I'm a 20 year old college student living at home during the summers and I'm home right now because Covid caused my dorm to shut down. My dad and I have tried forever to suggest that she cuts back on the drinking. Honestly I've completely given up now. I go to bed at night crying now because I know in the morning my mom will forget everything she said and did the evening before. I fight with my mom a lot and I feel terrible for it but I just can't escape her right now. I live in a very small home and shes extremely clingy. Yet, I still want to live at home during the summers because I love my parents and want to spend time with them. I spend time with my mom during the day but as the beers start stacking up, she always ends up drunk that evening. When this happens I try to escape to my room to do homework or just have some me time, but she constantly guilt trips me and says horrible things to me. She claims that I never spend time with her, but I just spent the past six hours with her. Did getting drunk make her forget this? It makes me feel like everything I do with her doesnt matter because later that day she ends up picking a fight with me about it. Nothing is ever good enough for her. I feel so suffocated and I just want to be alone in my room sometimes, but she never leaves me be. In the morning she'll claim that I said all these horrible things to her and shell be extremely mad at me. I raised my voice and I feel bad about that but I'm starting to lose it because I cant take it anymore. All I said was that I don't have to spend time with her 24/7 because I have homework and stuff to do. She'll claim crazy stuff like I called her a bitch or something like that, even if I said nothing of the sort. This same toxic cycle repeats itself all the time. Her memory loss from drinking is causing so many problems in our family and I just don't know what to do anymore. My dad runs away everytime she gets upset with me and does nothing to help me anymore. What should I do? I don't want to completely cut ties with her when I move out.