I have seen 4 UFO's in my life, I am 25 years old and I hope to see more of them lol. The most recent one, is the one I want to share. The family and I were down South Carolina for vacation in Mrytle Beach, we came from Maryland. We stayed for a week and on our 3rd night there we went down to the beach to look for sand crabs and anything else that washed up from the Atlantic Ocean, plus we wanted to do some fishing. There was 7 of us all together on the beach and out of no where there was this bright orange-ish light that got super bright right over us, like a star just came out of nowhere, it was a super bright orange color... Me and Pops were exicted because we love UFO stuff and my Aunt actually got scared because of how big and bright it was... everyone else just couldn't believe it. It only stayed for half a second and vanished. About 6 mins later we see blinking lights coming towards us from far away and we thought it was another UFO so we were watching it and I realized it was most likely a plane because of the way it was blinking, as it got closer we seen it was a plane, a military plane and we seen on the top was a radar dish, and I knew right away it was the Boeing E-3 sentry which is a early warning and control plane. It has extremely good radar technology on the top and it was flying in a circle right above us where we saw the bright orange light. It stayed for about 15 mins just flying in a circle pattern around where we saw the bright object. It could of been a training mission and just getting the pilots some practice but it was midnight and I don't think it was a coincidence that it was flying right around where we saw the bright orange light. Sometimes the Air Force does testing at late hours but most of the time its done during the day or the evening. I think it was trying to track whatever that bright orange light was. It didn't look like a drone or any craft, it was just a bright orange light... like a orange star just popped up over us on the beach. It was a awesome experience, when we seen the Orange light I got a weird feeling right away, like something telling me that it was something not from our planet. I have 3 more times that I have seen a UFO, this time was the craziest one because the Military Boeing E-3 came looking for it.