 I remember my first actual game of D&D where the DM showed off his DMPC while introducing the game to two completely new players.  The DM was a friend in college who was a self proclaimed jerk. He was the type of guy that stood up for what he thought was right with or without apology, and was surprisingly a pretty great guy most of the time.  I told him that I had wanted to play D&D, and how the closest I had gotten to beforehand was sitting down, hearing the setting and roleplaying my character looking at equipment or something.  Anyway, he offered to DM a game with me and another friend of his that was also wanting to try D&D out for the first time.  The issues of the game were immediate. I knew what I wanted to play as from the start. I had an original character that was a race that wasn't available in any game at the time and wasn't represented in a way I liked if it was in a video game. So I asked if I could play as an anthropomorphic wolf and he told me that he only wanted me to play as one of the core races. I also asked if I could play with the stats of a human or something while looking like what I wanted my character to look like. He said no, so I decided to go with an option I had heard about that sounded cool.  I went as a human fighter that was going to be focusing on their dexterity. I never learned the classes of the others, but the other player in the group went with and elf and the DM's character was a "400" pound dwarf. We were starting at level one with only basic gear while he would be at level 3 with an ax of fire and ice and other magical items I can't recall. We started in a tavern and I was, basically pretending to be myself and have never liked the idea of alcohol so when asked for an order I just asked for milk and was made fun of until I had my character take a drink. Then I had to roll for consuming alcohol, rolled badly and was immediately drunk and given penalties. Admittedly we didn't start the game on a good note either. I can't remember why, but the other player's character started everything off by throwing a mug at the DM's character promoting a fight, which immediately went south for the player.  The player lost most of their health after single hit and decided to book it out of the tavern. The DM decided to have his character pursue him, and I thought that he had already learned his lesson so I decided to stick out my foot to trip the DM's character while planning to help him up afterwards. Though, he told me to make a roll for it and I rolled poorly. I thought "no big deal, I'll probably get my foot stepped on and take some damage or something at worst." I was so wrong! I was thrown to the ground and immediately knocked unconscious.  Later the others got together for a bounty mission and left without me when my character woke up with a hangover, all before I had really gotten to properly meet the others in character. Due to some luck I got over the hangover with a roll and, ignoring the fact that we hadn't met, I headed out after the others.  However, it was night time in the game and I was playing a human character with no visibility in the dark. The DM decided to have his character sneak up on mine to scare him. As I was still pretending to be myself I knew what my reaction would be, but when he got a bit of a better roll than I did and he decided that my character would scream and crap their pants... Since almost no one pays any attention to needing to go to the bathroom in roleplays, and games in general, I assumed that I just took care of my business and we carried on. Anyway we carried on to the Goblin's cave that we were after and caught them all asleep. There were two goblins and a single hobgoblin there. I and the other player went after the goblins and struggled to take them down while the DM took on the hobgoblin. He one shot the thing and then laughed when he realized he had done more damage than he originally thought.  After that we discovered another chamber full of more sleeping goblins. I knew there was no chance of surviving that, after nearly dying to two goblins that had also started out asleep. So I was ready to leave and happily enough so was everyone else. Thing is, the DM decided to show off some more.  Since his character was a dwarf he decided that his character could easily find and hit the weak points in the walls of the cave as we ran out, collapsing the tunnel. After that, the mission was over and we were going to head back to town.  But of course, the DM had to let me know that my character hadn't taken care of the crap in his pants and that he stunk.  Despite all that, I had a fire burning in me and I wanted to show the DM what I could do. I hoped that I could possibly show him up at his own game. But the other player wasn't interested in playing anymore and the DM didn't want to either with only one player.  So my first official game of D&D only had one horrible session to it, thankfully enough.