Hello to all, for obvious reasons I'm using a burner account and will not be disclosing any information that I regard too close to home. Anyways, about a year ago I was formally diagnosed with the disorder by my therapist and because I lacked criminal nature (at the time), my therapist believed that "sociopath" is a more accurate label but there is no such thing as a formal diagnosis for "sociopathy" so I fall into the antisocial personality disorder bin. My personality and mental condition are both considered "rare" and because of this I have become what I can only describe as an object of obsession for my therapist, as he constantly wants to understand me. What makes me high functioning is my control over impulses and an understanding of consequences, both of which allow me to usually stay out of trouble. However I also have a lack of empathy for others, and consistently use manipulation, deceit, and lies in my day to day life in order to get ahead of others. In my eyes the end will always justify the means. After taking multiple personality tests administered by that same therapist (the longest of which was like 500 questions I think), he believes I have an ENTJ or "commander" personality type going off of the Big 5 factors of personality. This personality type is seen in some 2% of the population, and is typically found in well  known criminals, financial elite, and world leaders.  Just some background info on me, I'm white, 19, male, and am upper class. I plan on answering any question I get as I find this extremely therapeutic, because in all honesty I don't think there is a soul besides my therapist and one good friend who knows the extent of my condition. I have never seen my mental disorder as a bad thing and if anything I look at it as if it is a superpower. Just one example of this is I have what is referred to as the "super sleeper gene", which is a genetic mutation that allows me to function at high levels even with almost no sleep. I apologize if there is a lack of information here, but there is so much to say as it is literally my entire life. However by that same token, I'm extremely educated on the matter as it once again is my entire life, so I guess what I'm getting at is AMA!