After having my son on November 1st, I started to experience shortness of breath and swelling in my legs after about three days. I had a nurse visit me at my house to assess me and my son and she told me that because of the fluids I got while I was on the epidural that the swelling was kind of normal and the shortness of breath was because I was working too hard. I went back to the hospital and was in the emergency room. I had an x-ray and they came to the conclusion that I might have postpartum cardiomyopathy. Which can be fatal in some cases and it's just really bad news for anyone that has that. I was obviously very concerned because I had just had a baby I'm only 19 and I have a giant fear of death. So I was admitted to the hospital and put in the Mother in baby unit so I could stay with my baby because I was still breast-feeding. I had an MRI of my chest and an echocardiogram. And my valves were leaking in my left atrium was very stiff. I was given Lasix a diuretic to remove the fluids that had built up around my legs, heart and lungs. From what I understand, postpartum cardiomyopathy makes your heart weak and I'm not sure what the treatment is for something like that because since I don't really have it I haven't talk to my doctor about the treatments for it but he said that it was just very bad news. The situation for my heart is different because it's not weak and it's just stiff. My most recent visit to the cardiologist was on February 24 and I had an echocardiogram, and my cardiologist said that my heart is doing better. It's still stiff but my valves are leaking anymore. I think that's an improvement. At this point in time he still doesn't know what exactly is going on with my heart or what caused it because I previously didn't have any issues with my heart. He said that my heart would look similar to a heart of a person who was older in their 60s or so and had high blood pressure for years. And I had never had any issues with my heart, no high blood pressure, and obviously I'm fairly young. He took me off of the Lasix because he said that I was a little bit on the dry side and I'm not taking anything for my heart currently. I do experience other symptoms of heart failure like memory issues and confusion. Really makes me feel stupid at times but I know that it's not 100% my fault. That's all I really can say. So AMA?