Back story: Me and my dad lived in a small village called Barrow Alaska back in 2000. It was early July and my dad owned a small cargo plane that he uses to transport lumber. My dad was a lumber jack. My dad, who I'll call Harry asked me if I wanted to head to Homer to visit with the family. I of course, bored out of my mind, completely agreed. So I get into the plane the next day and head out to Homer. The flight was long. Since Homer was all the way down south. But we got their the next day. We were visiting my Aunt that day and I was going to go fishing with my cousins. The oldest cousin was 13. And the youngest was 9. I'm 10 years old. With this story, I won't be saying any names. Hope that's all right. I caught two salmon that day and brought them back with me to my Aunt's house for her to cook. When I got back my dad had a large haul of wood on a rental truck and was starting a barbecue. So we had a barbecue and stayed outside most of the night. I went to go sleep in my cousins room, and woke up the next day early around 5:30. I've always been an early riser. Me and my dad said good bye to everyone and decided to head back home. We were at a private strip in the area if I recall correctly but still had to sign flight logs. So me and my dad got on the plane and started to fly off. About 20 minutes into the flight the plane was starting to shake violently. I was unfazed because I knew the most likely accurance was turbulence. I was already in my seat with my seatbelt on when I saw out a window a metal sheet fly back and hit the tail end of the plane. My dad shouted into his Mike the coordinates and that he was going to take an emergency landing. The descent felt like forever even though it was like 12 to 15 seconds. And then the crash. We landed in a heavily forested area. The trees were probably spruce or pine. Not sure. This is the part where most of my memory is blank. But I will tell you what I do remember. When the plane stopped my dad was carrying me in his arms away from the wreckage but not far enough. My dad was a freaking bloody mess from what I remember. And as he was carrying me away the plane exploded and blew us a good bit away. My dad got most of the damage. When he pulled me out of the plane my left arm was completely broken and I had two broken clavicles a deep gash on my face. When the shockwave happened it knocked us down to the ground. And that's when I got knocked out. I was slipping in and out of consciousness and have brief memories on a stretcher being rushed into an O.R. I have memories while in the coma and after. Please ask away! :)