she knew i’m an artist and messaged me. i had previously done fan art for her and dmed her. she liked it. she knew my style. anyway she messaged me telling me that her cover artist for her new single bailed on her and she needed something for it. i said i could depending on what she needed. she wanted a FULL BODY SKETCH! aight now i don’t even do faces bc that’s not my style. anyway i agreed. mind you this was 10pm on a school night. i finished the body sketch and went to bed bc i had exams the next day. now she lives in the UK so when she wakes up it’s 2AM for me and when i wake up it’s 2PM for her. she wanted me to be done by 8PM her time. I had to go to school and then take my exams. she kept telling me i was running outta time. i dropped by the store and SPENT MONEY on this piece. i got home and started working really really hard to finish. i needed to approve some colors with her but she was hard to reach. eventually i got the colors and stuff and i started painting. now painting is a lot of layers and drying. i got halfway when she started counting down. this triggered my anxiety and i had a panic attack bc i was so scared i wouldn’t be done on time. i expressed this and she kinda pushed it off in my opinion. eventually i finished and sent it to her. supposedly it wasn’t in the right file. it had to be .jpg. anyway she told her followers it was my fault her music was late bc I COULDNT FINISH THE ART ON TIME. she gave me less than 6 hours to finish a full body sketch and paint. this is the part that truly upsets me. she said she would give me exposure. normally i say no bc exposure don’t pay no bills. i agreed because i adored her. at the end of it. she didn’t use my stuff nor did she shout it out. she never even mentioned it. she completely ignored her end of the deal. that broke me down. She also messaged me a couple weeks after (not sure the time line but ik she did this after) “hey you free to chat?” and then claimed it was the wrong person. she claimed it was a joke but do you know how much that hurts a person. she just hasn’t treated me right even since she started. supposedly she’s against cancel culture but she calls people out and sends her fans to attack people who don’t agree with her or attack her. a big part of being famous is handling hate. i just find her toxic now.