I had my first fight today at my college boxing club's home invitational. It was at 132 lbs, and I made weight so was feeling pretty good throughout the day. I got a cold sore the day before so that was the thing that made me really nervous because it was very sensitive. Also got nervous when I saw my opponent because he was shorter but a lot stockier and looked stronger than me lol. First round I wanted to come out fast but he definitely got the better of me in exchanges and rocked me with some big right hands. My coach said I got a good start but I felt like hell after the first round, sitting on the stool after the round lowkey discouraged, some of the shots he landed definitely dazed me a little bit. I think this point is where you gotta decide if you wanna quit or if you wanna give it your all and so as the bell rang to start the second round I kept telling myself I was still in this. Second round was definitely better for me, I started adapting to his game plan and his overhand right and got in a few good combos. My memory is fuzzy but I believe he got a standing 8 near the end, but it still felt like a pretty close round, maybe a little in my favor. Third round I think my conditioning made the difference, we were both gassed but I was a bit less so and while we were both throwing sloppy/wild punches, I think I caught him with a few good ones. Then he went for the clinch and we both accidentally went down and I got a bit caught in the hype and started beating my chest and yelling (got the home crowd REALLY hyped up though lol), and I got a KD right after. I tried finishing it off but props to the other guy who had a lot of heart and fought until the end. I won by points and definitely learned a lot of lessons today, but yeah I guess I just wanted to share lol. I'm really happy about it and really thankful for my coaches and my teammates for pushing me past my limits and giving me feedback on how to get better etc. and my parents and friends for supporting. I'll try to post some videos later if I can and see if y'all have any critiques. first round and coming out more explosive but also smart definitely is something I should work on.