Amazon has locked me out of my account for a month now and I have sent thd documents the ask for to verify my card and purchases.  I've sent them photos of me my face holding bsnk statement with name address card number bsnk account number and previous transaction with Amazon in the same photograph I'm also hold and clearly visible my American Passport as well as the actual card that I made the purchases with and they still refuse to open my account.  This is the fourth time they have done this to me as a result to order from Amazon I was forced to leave the house and go to the store buy Amazon gift cards and upload the funds to my account to make purchases.  Which I did.  And now have a lot of money still credited to my account which they refuse to allow me back into after daily emailing for THIRTY DAYS.  I have called customer service 30 times and I've been hung up on or passed to someone else just to have them pretend like they can't hear me ect.  I have spent a documented 8 hours on the phone with a department that does not have the authority to open the account yet they cannot forward me to the account specialist dept which in my opinion does not exist but is a bot department that continues to reject all my documents and sends me an email saying so but not offering any details as to why thirty of my attempts to satisfy this requirement beyond what they ask for have been rejected.  The email of course says I cannot respond to it and also I can call customer service but they won't be able to help.  I'm hopeless and seeking those who also have had this happen in hopes to file s class action lawsuit for this as it is nothing less than robbery.  My daughter had a birthday without presents because of this robbery.  Amazon has scammed me and I'm looking for anyone else.  This company is one of the largest in the world and they have only one document acceptable to prove ownership of accounts???  They have a fraud department that cannot be contacted by any means whatsoever??? This is alarming and I want to know how much money Amazon has been able to silently steal from us like they have stolen from me.  I'm an American veteran that works hard for a little like I know most of you do.  This is wrong and Amazon should pay for this and I'm asking for anybody that has been robbed to unite with me and let us sue this conglomerate and take back what is ours and more.