Hi im Mary and Im in over 40,000 dollars in debt because our healthcare system in the us sucks. Not just from all the double dipping these doctors try to do by charging my health insurance and car insurance. Plus, the driving laws in Florida are BS. I turned 21 on june 12th 2019. I was in 2 car accidents last year (2019). I was not at fault in any of them. Those accidents were very serious. On June 16, 2019 I was in a car accident that had changed my life and disabled me and put me in thousands of dollars in debt. That car accident was not my fault but being Florida is a no-fault state my insurance had to pay for it and the person that hit me did not have to pay a dime because he didnt have car insurance. Lost my car that I still had to pay off; luckily I had uninsured motorist insurance which I paid $180 a month for and I paid $9000 off of my loan from that car but I had to pay $2000 and I’m still paying it plus they had to take me to court because I wasn’t paying enough on the car that I do not have anymore. I had to get hip surgery and I have to get neck surgery I’ve had a few procedures done and in medical debt i owe about 39,000 dollars from that one car accident. On new years eve 2 weeks after my hip surgery i was sitting passenger of my boyfriend’s car and a driver hit us making an illegal turn. My boyfriends car was completely totaled out as well. We went straight to the hospital and they billed us $3,000 all together after my health insurance paid. He came out just fine luckily. But, that accident set me back. I tore another hip and now live with a condition called occipital neuralgia and fibromyalgia. My body lives in chronic pain and the procedures are to expensive for me to get treatment. Luckily the person who hit us actually had car insurance but again Florida is a no-fault state. So that means my car insurance has to pay for it even though i was sitting in my boyfriends car and hit by someone else. So basically if i didnt have car insurance id be screwed. My car insurance claims they will pay for %80 of my bills but i know all their little tricks now. So im scared to seek treatment. Im on a waiting list to have counciling because i think about killing myself everyday. Sucks that i have to sit here and fight with myself untill i can get help. I called the hotline but it rang way to long then i got scared they would just take me to the hospital and i would get billed another $2,000 for the visit even after insurance. I cant work any more because my pain is so bad. I work once a week because i want to feel somewhat helpful on my bills. My boyfriend and father do their best to help me in any way they can but im so tired of being a burden to them. AMERICAS HEALTH CARE WILL KILL ME.