 Hello, i've got a little big question to see if I'm the asshole or my mom is. So tonight i went to dinner, and as I went down the stairs all went ok, she told me to clean my hands to eat dinner, I told her that I already cleaned them (I really did) and she said me that because I petted the cat, i had to clean 'em again. I said that there was no need, 'cause our cat doesn't go outside too much, and never gets dirty. She started getting mad, but man, that was just a 1% of her madness. Then, she asks me if I have any classes tomorrow, and I tell her that idk, i'm gonna check later. Then, we sit on our chairs to eat, and she tells me that I have to wake up earlier, and not at 2 PM like I did some days (taking quarantine as a vacation almost lol) I got a little pissed off, and told her that today I woke up at 6 AM, so that I already took a schedule again to do homework and all that stuff. She started talking in a bad mood to me, and I told her that always, or almost always, when she talks about me, it's to say what am I doing wrong, and that it pisses me off. Then she says that i treat her with NO RESPECT, when she's always the one that starts screaming, tells me to fuck off, literally, my mother, telling me to fuck off. I started saying something, but she cut me off and said that we would talk tomorrow, because she got up at 9 AM, it was 10 PM, aaaand i already memorised the following, so i cut her off (at this moment she was almost screaming), saying that always, when she has nothing to say when I'm telling something that she does wrong, she says that she's the one that cleans the house, prepares the food... I'm 13. 13. So when I cut her off, she starts screaming, I tell her to stop, that I'm going to get pissed too, so then, she says, ok, let's stop, this is affecting me. But, oh no, after 30 seconds, she starts saying how ''wrong'' were my arguments and that all what I said was no-sense. I tell her to stop, that i'm close to getting mad, she keeps going and I just get up from the chair and I go up to the 1st floor, where my room is. She's depressed, ex-alcohol addict, weed consumer (from 1 to 3 cigarretes of weed per day) and a cigar addict (like 5 per day) she's actually going to psycologysts, and taking medicines to be better emotionally. I'm a 13 year old guy, introverted, I get good marks (8-10) and i spend a lot of time on the PC. Tell me, AITA, and i have a bad concept of a mother or is she the asshole? Thanks for the responses, and sorry if I do some gramatic errors, I'm not native english.