Okay, this is long. My sister and her fiancé recently got married in these weird quarantine circumstances. Happy, right? Well, my family is honestly really upset about it. For one, the wedding (set for mid-May) was cancelled a while ago, and the message was put out that it would be on hold for two years since they’re moving to California for her now-husbands internship for veterinary school. It suddenly began changing because they wanted to get married for financial purposes before they moved. Several different versions of the plan were made to have the two of them sign a marriage license either here in our hometown or his, so the parents (plus me) could be there for a small ceremony that we could livestream. It began spiraling when they said no, they’d just wait, it’s fine. We unfortunately found out that her husband had cancer, but within 2 weeks had a surgery to remove the cancer and he was set to go. They both acted completely normal and we checked in on them frequently to make sure they were okay and processing things well, which they did (making everything later more confusing.) We didn’t get any further information on his health after that, which is why when their wedding plans spiraled to in the timespan of a day switching to getting married the next day took us completely off guard. Over 5 days the plans changed and changed until they finally just signed the license and had a ceremony with several friends, professionally photographed at a friends house. They had told us “it’s not a big deal”, then posted the pictures all over Facebook saying “look, we’re married!” My parents and I watched their ceremony on a tiny couch all miserable because our participation on their special day was tossed aside for this quick ceremony that wasn’t necessary, but what they later justified as “what we needed for some sort of normal.” We didn’t talk to them for several days after because we didn’t want to explode out of emotions, and more extended members of our side of the family weren’t pleased either or commented on their posts. When we did sit down and talk about our feelings, my sister promptly dismissed them by saying “Sorry you feel that way.” My family and I feel the ceremony was unnecessary and are just plain upset by the consistent information given to the groom’s family but not to us. We also missed out on an incredibly special event that they just want to “do all over again” in four years. So, Reddit.... are we the buttfaces for not giving them 100% support?