I (21f) have lived with my boyfriend “M” (21m) for the last 2 years. We were living with his mom & it was nice. Long story short, We started exploring apartments with our friend let’s call her “L(19f)”. I know L through M because she was dating one of his friends “Q”. We’ve known each other about a year. Her mom was moving, and she couldn’t go with her so we made her our roommate. She entertained the idea of living with Q, but he’s been going down a bad path for a while now and she wanted her own space. We moved in on the first of this month. L dropped her stuff off the first day and wasn’t back until the 30th. When she came she was complaining of problems between her and Q. Q Cheated on her and she told us she wanted nothing to do with him. But that first night of her being here, she didn’t want to sleep alone so She slept in bed with me and M. We were awoken at 12am from loud and unnecessary banging and spamming the doorbell. This went on for about 30 min until M went to open the door. When he did, a drugged out Q asked to speak to L. m told q L did not want to speak to him. He went crazy and assaulted M. Black eye, bloody nose, busted lip, the works. L came out and started speaking to Q who was being very aggressive and putting his hands on her as well. Cops were called. Mdidn’t press charges because he knew he was on drugs and they used to be friends. Cops detain Q but let him go due to the virus madness they aren’t taking people to jail. The next morning, as soon as M leaves for work, I’m awoken by more banging on the door and doorbell spamming. I told L If she opens the door she is putting both of our lives in danger and I will call the police. This pissed her off. She went outside and talked to him, while her mom called me freaking out telling me to call the cops. I called M instead who came rushing home and I told Q the police were on their way (they weren’t but this was the only way to get him to leave). He left. L snapped on me about “trying to get her man arrested when I know he’s not in the right state of mind”. I was mad but I let it go. Went to work later that day and when I got home at 11pm after such a long day, L had 4 guests and a dog (not even allowed as a visitor per our lease) without even a heads up they were coming over. They were drinking liquor and smoking weed and being loud all night but I figured it was better them than Q. We told Q he was not allowed at our apartment again and if he showed up we would be filing a restraining order against him. Well, last night L stayed at Qs house and left a sink full of dishes from her little get together and they drank all my apple juice without replacing it. This girl has been in the apartment 2 days and both were so hectic. We chalked it down to choosing to live with someone that is not at the same place as us mentally. She has no intentions of leaving Q, and I don’t want to worry about what’s going to happen the next time Q is messed up and wants to see L