I feel like my cousin is prettier than me, she is photogenic and just has an amazing vibe to her. im so jealous because ive always felt ugly and she is tall skinny and pretty. i think i started caring a lot when we went to downtown disney and a guy asked for her snapchat, i sat there so humiliated ive never felt so ugly in my life. she has told me multiple times how guys have asked her for her snapchat and things like that like ive seen her notifications and a lot of people text her and it makes me jealous. i dont know why i care because I genuinely dont really like texting but i would like it if people did text me in a way. my mom has always hyped her up and said she is super beautiful and she does tell me im beautiful but i feel like its not in the same way. my family well my moms side is pretty attractive my mom always gets looks and compliments everywhere she goes so i guess ive always wanted to be her and my cousin looks like her. when we are all out together people think she’s her daughter and it gets me so jealous because i wished i looked like my mom. i look like my dad everyone tells my cousin she got the  good family genes when i got my dads family genes which arent really that great. i dont know when i started caring so much about my image but now its been a dread having to go out with her because i feel so atrociously ugly next to her. ive been wanting to tell my mom about it but im embarrassed too. i did tell my sister and she thought i was prettier but what if she feels bad for me so i didnt believe her. my mom always raised me and my cousin to see each other as equals and with respect but i do realize we both kinda compete with each other i dont know. i just really wish i didn’t feel this way about her because me and my cousin are both best friends since we were little and this has been harming our relationship as ive been more distant. even if people were to tell me im prettier i just wouldn’t believe it my self-esteem is pretty unstable im very very self-conscious and dont that much confidence. i have had people tell me im pretty but i don’t believe it and i have had guys like me too but i dont know not that many guys. i know im not incredibly ugly but im not pretty either and i feel like she is absolutely gorgeous. what do you guys think ? and please please i beg you be brutally honest dont sugar coat it im sorry this is so long i just wanted to get it all out