For background, we've been together for over 10 years, since middle school. We do argue alot, over dumb shit that doesn't matter most of the time. And usually we both just agree to disagree and move on. But this I cannot get over. Tonight my girlfriend bought us Dairy Queen, and when she got home (about 10 mins away from DQ) she didn't immidiately put them in the freezer, it was like 3 minutes later and they were already pretty liquidy when she put them in there. Well our freezer is too full rn and so about 5 minutes later, the freezer door opens and stuff falls out, including her ice cream. All down the door and on the floor, so then while I'm cleaning it up, our ice creams (well mine and whats left of hers) sit on the counter. Not getting any colder. I clean it all up and put them back in the freezer, whole process takes like 5 mins. This was about 3 hours ago. Gf just went in to check her ice cream and its still not as frozen as she wanted it.  She starts bitching. I get it, she's ill and its hot. However. I'm trying to help and she's being rude to me so it quickly turns into an argument. She said the freezers not working properly, I said that it was just taking longer because it's so full atm, she said well it was liquidy when the woman handed it to me. I said how was that possible? Aren't they supposed to hand it to you upside down? She said they did. I said so how was it liquidy then? 'Wtf ever I'm lying ig' I said yeah, obviously, science says you can't have it both ways, was it dripping on the counter? 'No' so then how was it liquid AND she had it upside down AND it didn't drip? She flipped tf out on me because I'm just trying to start an argument. I found a thing on Google about the science of why dairy queens blizzards defy gravity and she refuses to read it. I know this is the dumbest thing ever but I feel so lost rn. Am I wrong?? Then I tried to help freeze it faster by putting the blizzard cup in a bowl with ice, cold water, and salt and she told me that that was going to melt it faster not make it colder. Like ???