So a while back a friend of mine (Brandon) left his sunglasses at my house, so I started wearing them around. At one point the nose pieces fell off and I had accidentally smashed them while pulling something heavy out of the trunk of our car.  So I nonchalantly just threw em in the trunk out of laziness. Today my girlfriend told me she had found them and I was like "yeah, I just threw em in there because I accidentally broke them" and she gave me a certain "look' or at least that's how I perceived it, and it felt like she was thinking I was a dick or something, so I looked at her and asked "What? Why are you looking at me like I'm disrespectful?" And then she reminded me that they were Brandon's glasses and she didn't wanna say anything because she didn't  wanna fight (this is the problem I need guidance with) and immediately after she said that I snapped at her "So? Big fuckin deal, I'll buy him another pair" and by habit, I lied and said that I had already spoken to Brandon about it. and it escalated from there because she simply said "Okay", which further hurt my dumbass fucking ego and pissed me off more (not violent, just shitty because of my words)  and now she's obviously hurt and I'm crying and hating myself because I ALWAYS do this over little teeny shit no matter how much I want to stop, I genuinely need guidance on this because I don't know how to start reforming these toxic fucking habits I have. After this interaction I apologized and admitted I was in the wrong, and as much as I was hating on myself for doing that and my ego was fighting my love, I asked her for a hug to hopefully bring us back together a little bit and said "Please don't hold these things against me, I really am sorry and I really do want to change" (Which I realize I have to actually DO) which to me for some reason felt like I was just begging. I feel so pathetic about this but I realize it's on me entirely, does anyone have any input on how I can make it a habit to step back and consider and think before I speak? We really do have a great fucking relationship, but these idiotic little arguments tend to happen when I get super stressed out and I used to think it was her, but I realize that it is me.