Hi, before I get to the specific topic I want to talk about in this post, here's a little backstory to my anger issues. My father is quite an angry person and my mom was also a very emotionally driven and in my upbringing I was never really taught how to process emotions and deal with them. I know that I'm the only person responsible for my behaviour however I do believe that these things have a certain influence on my current situation. I can get angry generally in any area of my life if tempted to it but I want to talk about getting angry while taking part in my biggest hobby and why it's messing up my progress in it. My biggest hobby is simracing. I bet that most people see it just as casually playing video games but for me (and other people who enjoy this) it's much more because it requires regular practice and persistence to get to a competitive level. You need to understand the physics and setup of the car and how to drive it properly to be fast. Rambling aside, most of the time I do F1 or GT3 cars but in the recent weeks I took on rallying which is a completely different beast to tame. My first run on a new rally stage is just cruise to the end so I get used to the car and where the track leads, no problems there. Then I do it few more times to gain some confidence and after that I start pushing the car and myself. I bottle it several times and get somewhat angry but I'm in control. But then I get a good run and good finish time and after that it goes to s*it. Now I know I can do that kind of time on the stage and I expect to keep on improving but it just doesn't happen. And that's when I get REALLY angry because I know I can do that time again, so why the hell can't I materialise it? When I'm calm I know it's a long process to get good at this but then in the heat of the moment and my desire to improve it's like I forget it and sometimes get extremely angry at myself for not performing at the level I know I can perform. Usually after this I have to quit the sim and do something else because I'm stuck in the loop. How do I conquer this mental block of mine? What I also noticed is that when I race online with people in leagues I'm calmer because I know I get only one shot at that particular race so there's no time for bit*hing but with the stuff such as the rallying I get much angrier because there's the option to restart the stage and practice it basically infinite times. I mean that should give me confidence that it's only a matter of time before I go even faster instead of making me angry, no? It's like when there isn't the pressure of the moment like in the online that makes me calmer I put myself under nonsensical pressure of my own expectations that has the opposite effect.