i am 18 and an only child living at home with my parents right now since my college semester was put online. i haven't seen my friends in weeks and have only gone out with my dad wearing masks and gloves in order to get groceries we needed to live. today i come out of my room and go downstairs to look for my parents, i cant find them anywhere in the house and i check outside to see that they are standing in my neighbors driveway, significantly closer than 6 feet apart making fucking small talk. for some background, these neighbors have 3 young kids, probably ages 7-11. almost every night since quarantine has begun these neighbors have been hosting a bunch of other kids (sometimes 10+ at a time) and all of the parents of these kids in their front yard. they all sit on their deck and drink wine and talk while the barely supervised kids run around, play on their bikes, draw with chalk etc. basically what i'm saying is everyone is touching each other, talking very close, spreading germs. not to mention 2 other neighbors of mine 2 doors down have corona. i have expressed my frustration and anger to my parents almost daily of how fucking ignorant and disrespectful i think these neighbors are because they clearly couldn't give less of a shit about social distancing or anyone's health and safety, even that of their own young children. i am livid with both my parents right now and called my mom while she was standing out there and started screaming my head off on the phone. for some more background my mom has cancer which makes her immunocompromised. this is her second time with this cancer, and she is actively getting chemo treatment. the fact that she, in my eyes, is willing to risk her fucking life and leave her only child without a mother to stand out there 2 feet apart and make small talk with my disgusting and ignorant neighbors makes my blood boil. when they got back my mom tried to come talk to me and i freaked out because whether or not she actually is, to me she is now infected and she tried to come touch me and i was disgusted. my dad came in and started screaming at me for freaking out that they were out there which made me even angrier. my parents are supposed to be the ones who know what to do in situations like this, and seeing them be so hypocritical and ignorant scares the shit out of me, but more importantly makes me so fucking angry words cannot describe. am i overreacting? i wake up everyday worried that my mom will drop dead from cancer yet she puts her life at risk to talk about fucking nothing with a bunch of morons. sorry for the lengthy post