I don't watch Anime. When it comes to Anime shows or movies that I've watched from start to finish there are very few, the ones that come to the top of my head are Lupin The Third, most Studio Ghibli movies and oddly enough, Little Witch Academia, which is a modern show that managed to grab my attention long enough to watch it's 25 episode line up (Possibly because of it's childlike charm and/or it's many references to Celtic history and mythology) When it comes to Anime I've watched but not finished, I feel like I could name quite a few. I really want to like Anime but I've found so few shows that I genuinely like. The reason I've been trying to find different Anime shows for months now is that I love the style of Anime, there is a certain charm in the animation style that I could never find anywhere else (There is also a sense of nostalgia in the style) It's this charm the usually keeps me watching for at least 10 episodes even if I don't like the story, so help me out here! My preferences would include some odd things, something historical, not necessarily something set in a specific historical event like World War 2 or The American Revolution (though, I would love it if the style of Anime was put over a story about The American Revolution) But something that focuses on its own story set in a certain time period, The Industrial Revolution, The Age of Colonisation, Age of Sail and the early 1900s always felt like a magical time period to me, an Anime set in any of those time periods would be nice as long as it's somewhat accurate, (When I say Industrial Revolution I don't mean steampunk, and when I say Age of Sail I don't mean One Piece) A story that doesn't take itself so seriously but also not something that treats itself as one big joke. A story about one large adventure would be great, especially if the adventure takes place in a beautiful part of the earth with great views, I'm not against fantasy places that take place in a made-up kingdom, just as long as it shows the beauty of the real-life planet, things like mighty mountains, calm creeks, large rivers and vast forests. When it comes to Fantasy in general, I'm okay with it as long is it isn't too crazy, things like the characters using massive swords against godlike demons is not something I can take seriously, what I'm thinking of is maybe something at the level of Lord of The Rings, magical yet still somewhat believable. The Characters could theoretically be anything, though I am definitely a fan of a main character who isn't anything special, not some destined hero or anything, perhaps just a regular farm boy or some village girl, just as long as they aren't annoyingly perverted. Music I feel is important as well, my music taste is awfully unique and I would like a show that keeps things simple, no electric guitar combined with overly dramatic singing for fights, an orchestrated soundtrack to couple with the great views and artwork would just feel great to watch. I know it is an Anime staple for things to be overly dramatic in Anime but is it too much to ask for something that isn't like that? It can be hard not to laugh and take things seriously when watching a scene of two characters staring at each other and yelling for 5 minutes without anything actually happening. I'm sorry if I'm asking for too much here, the Anime doesn't have to fill all of these of course. I've been looking for something like this for ages and I think it's finally time to ask the experts, so hopefully, the search ends here.