So, about a week ago I unlocked the campsite and I read a little bit about it so I was excited. A few days later I got a villager I liked so I invited her to move in and she agreed to. So when I woke up the next day I was a bit confused when I didn't see any land plotted out for her house. While this was going on I also had Ruby tell me she was going to move and I wanted her to leave. So because I was so nervous about if the villager I had invited to move in was going to actually move in and it was really bugging me, I decided to do a little bit of time traveling to see for myself. So I saved my game and set the game's clock to a day ahead and I saw that my new villager finally had a plot of land for her house. So I guess without even thinking I saved it like that. Realizing that I wanted to go back to my original day after all...I set the clock back to the original day, and when I came back some things had changed. For one thing I realized that the new villager's house was already constructed. Though when I went inside the house there were still just boxes everywhere. I also realized that all of my fossils and pitfall seeds that I had to dig up had been duplicated. Most unfortunately for some reason I Ruby told me she was leaving again. Even though when going back in time I had made sure to set it to a time after I had done everything for that day, including telling Ruby she could leave. After that original day of time traveling, everything seemed to be going smoothly, my new villager had officially moved in, the fossils and other daily things I would dig up went back to their original amount. But there was still one problem. For some reason Ruby told me she was going to move out again. Ever since then, I've had to check in on Ruby everyday to see if she was going to actually move out. For some reason, every time she asks to move out the day seems to stay the same and consistent to the actual passing of time. Now she told me she is going to move out in four days and I don't know if I'll have to keep on repeating this cycle over and over again till she leaves or if she is going to leave at all because it seems to reset on her every time I open up the game for a new day.