My journey of pain and discomfort has been most my life. I’m now 28 Y/O female. The pain started when I was 12 years old. I’d get so stiff all over in the mornings it took a lot for my mother to get me up and moving. By the time I was 13 it had evolved. My right knee had crepitus with every movement. It was like a rusty hinge. Shortly after my left knee started to follow the same pattern. I had minimal back pain just assumed it was a crappy mattress and growing pains. Oddly enough it was thoracic and lumbar stiffness. I went to my PCP many times. Was assured it was growing pains. I had to work around my discomfort and stiffness. I avoid squatting, getting up and down stairs or a toilet is a nightmare. I learned to cope. I had gotten into the medical field at 18 and knew this was not normal and could no longer be blamed on growing pains. I demanded MRI of knees. It showed  Enthesitis and fluid in the the joint space. Most my knee pain is the top of my knee where the quad tendon connects. And behind my knee, bilaterally. Soo my doc sent me to an orthopedic. They said that because of my hips tilting the way they do it causes my knee pain and that I had shallow patella grooves. Physical therapy was prescribed. I did PT for awhile but cause my knees to swell get hot to the touch and honestly hurt like hell. I decided to again cope and just learned to accommodate my knees. Ibuprofen was my pal at that point. Between 18 and 24 I got another MRI of my knees. Showed the exact same findings as the previous. So I constantly have access fluid in my joint. I decided to try stem cell therapy. I was frustrated and scared I’d one day not be able to bend them. It had gotten to that point. They drew bone marrow from my iliac crest and turned it into stem cell therapy and injected into my knees bilaterally. I was bed ridden for days couldn’t bare weight or bend my knees. Felt like my knees were getting smashed all day for 2 weeks. When the pain subsided and I was back into my normal routine I was hopeful I had found a solution to my problem.... I felt great for 3 months. Felt like I had full range of my knees again! That was shortly lived. My knees started cracking again and the ROM was limited. After about 10 months post stem cell therapy I decided to try a steroid injection. The lidocaine caused instant relief. Was sore post for a day or so but afterwards it felt pretty good. Not perfect but manageable. I started getting steroid injection about every 8 months each time alternating knees. Did this for about 2 years.. fast forward to 26 years old my mother was diagnosed with AS due to MRI findings. They do a HLAB27 test and she’s positive. She’s started on humira. My brother has had back pain his whole life so he got tested.. he also has the HLAB27 gene. Soo I decide to get tested, and of course I too am positive. At that time I had started getting buttock pain I just assumed was from to much sitting. Went to a rheumatologist because of the genetic marker and family history. They claim that knee pain is not a symptom of AS, and for the hell of it they’d do a xray of my SI. It was negative. So they sent me on my way. A couple years go by. I moved to WA and decided to get a second opinion because life is hard with chronic pain and fatigue. I get a referral to a rheumatologist and she suspects AS immediately. She orders MRI of my SI and blood work to start medication. I follow up and she states my MRI is normal. And all my other inflammatory labs were negative. So at this point I had family history and the HLAB27 gene. She starts me on Celebrex 200mg bid. And wants me to follow up in 6 months. Has anyone else had a similar experience? Not the typical signs and symptoms of AS and been diagnosed? I have back pain most mornings but it’s tolerable. My knees continue to get worse. What should I do? Or request from my doctor? What should be my next steps?! I’m 28 and feel like my body is failing me.