I don’t know what to do anymore. I’m so scared of what’s happening to me and I can’t tell anyone so I guess I’ll just put it here. When I was 13, I developed anorexia. I refused to eat just about anything and when I was forced to I would often throw it up. I became sickly skinny and honestly? It felt like no one noticed. I remember my mom saying “you need to eat more” and such but that’s pretty much it. Looking back on the photos, it was undeniably bad. But eventually around 16 I started to eat. I felt like I was being watched when I didn’t, and so when I went out with friends more and got in a relationship I felt the pressure to eat again. Like I had to or someone would notice. And I LOVED food!! All the things I had avoided for years were SO good. So I started eating, no one seemed to notice my body and I was ok! And then suddenly, I’m 18, and for the first time in my life I’m overweight. Overweight by 5 pounds, but for my entire life me and overweight didn’t belong in the same sentence. I finally came to terms one day that I was no longer just recovering and was instead disgusting and undesirable. But I didn’t have money for a gym membership, and I was still pressured to eat by being home and having every meal prepared before I could say no. In January, 2020 I moved to college, 13 hours away. And so it began again. Finally, no one to watch what I eat or hold me accountable, free access to a gym 18 hours a day and long walks to classes. My anorexias bliss. At first it was simple. Just walking places a lot was bringing down my weight and I didn’t eat as much. And then... it kept getting worse. I started going to the gym three days a week. I started counting calories again. But some days I would forget, and some days I would skip the gym. Fast forward to now. I go to the gym 6 days a week for at least an hour, and often have to fight the thought of going for a second time everyday. Counting calories has become an extreme sport, often googling caloric values multiple times a day. First it was fewer calories a day. Because I was overweight I mean restricting is fine!! It’s to get healthier. Then I feel like a cow if I eat more than an even lesser amount. And I see the progress. It makes me want to do it more. But at first I told myself this was all ok, it was to get healthy. What the fuck does healthy even mean anymore?? Food and exercise are all that consume my thoughts now, kind of ironic. I’m back to where I was before and I’m scared. All my extremities have started feeling numb after working out and stay numb for hours. My heart feels like it’s always going a million miles a minute. My whole body just tingles until I fall asleep. I can’t even tell if it’s ok. Because I mean when people want to get in shape this is what they do right?? I can’t even convince myself fully that this is my eating disorder and not just me being healthy. I’m so afraid of food and I can’t even fully admit it to myself. What do I do? I’m especially scared because I’m going home in a week and I know my family will make comments about how good I look just pushing me farther into the disorder. What do I do?? I don’t even want help because deep down I love the results I’m getting. I know I need a doctor but then they would make me stop and I don’t want to stop even though I know it’s bad. Does anyone else feel this way? Am I sick or just bettering myself? How do I get help when my mental illness makes me not want help?! Please.. anyone.