I was unemployed for a year bc of my ed in about three months within that year after reaching my lowest weight i gained back around xx pounds and got back to a normal bmi due to me binging from starting to smoke weed again, I used to have binge eating disorder and now am on the other end of the spectrum but if I was high enough my ed thoughts would go away and so would my self control I would just binge in massive amounts until i was sober enough the thoughts came back and I’d realize what Id done and would purge and restrict and use laxatives. It was a cycle. but i still gained all that weight back because of how huge the portions actually were. I finally managed to by luck get myself a job right before being kicked out of my house but later was allowed to move back. Im working an overnight shift full time and I work very hard and perform very well i use diet pills my grandma gave me along with coffee and recreational drugs to get me through but Its a sad painful cycle I get home from work try my hardest to get some sleep and spend the whole day in bed until it’s time to go back to work again I won’t shower for days which I know is disgusting I just don’t have the energy or care but I make sure I smell fine. I’m getting promoted at work but I’m worried about what will happen as I get sicker. I can’t bear the thought of having to work how I work while starving with no extra help because eventually I’ll run out of the things that help me and I also have to pass at home drug tests or I get kicked out again so I have to have to stop which is also very very stressful. I don’t want to disappoint at work as time goes on because of the expectations I’ve set for myself :(. But also I’m afraid I’ll really die with the mix of high stress  from work and it’s fast paced and high stress nature, family problems, and my ed and other mental illnesses that I’ve also dealt with for a long time. Along with the drug and laxative abuse, extreme starvation, purging, and all the coffee. Im not ready to drop dead Im so so stressed and scared and I feel like a burden to my family and friends. My mom tells me I need to grow up and get over my bs and I wish I could or maybe I can ? Maybe I am dramatic and do it all to myself like she says. I don’t know what to believe anymore I don’t know what’s wrong or right anymore I’m so hurt and confused I wish I had her nurturing and support my dad left and she’s all I got but she’s neglecting me the house is so toxic and I now feel it might be mostly my fault perhaps I’ve been gaslighted over time but I’m not healthy enough to move out. I’m also expected to start college as a term and condition of living in her house but I’m not healthy enough for that either. I will also get kicked out if I do other forms of self harm I won’t say what kind. It’s all too much to handle I don’t know where to go or what to do I’m so disconnected and empty. I think maybe I’m not cut out for the obstacles of life. If anything I said was against the rules I’m sorry don’t delete me completely please I have no one to talk to except my own head I had to get it out.