For the past years I haven't been able to hold a job for longer than a few months and it is starting to make me feel useless. Before my current job I worked in fast food and honestly, most of my coworkers and the environment itself wasn't that bad. I quit that job because I decided I was going to seek out one with higher pay. In my country your wage is dependent on your age, since I'm 18 most places only give me around 5/6 euros an hour. I went into road construction (physically pretty demanding) which still doesn't pay a lot but a bit more then my last job (honestly only like an euro more than my last job maybe?). My coworkers here are all really helpful and nice as well but like I said, I can't hold a job for longer than a few months and I'm thinking of pulling the band-aid early again with this job because I know I'm going to get extremely depressed a few months into it anyway. I wake up at 5 am and am home at around 5 pm with this job, literally spending half my day with work. Like I said, my coworkers are all nice and helpful and I feel bad for quitting another job so fast again especially since I promised myself this time it was going to be different and I was going to keep this job for a minimum of 6 months, but I just can't handle giving up so much of my time to fucking work, it always makes me feel extremely trapped. I want to be able to do what I want when I want.  I live with my parents, have already minimized a lot of my possessions (I sleep on the ground), and I'm thinking of just surviving the next half year or entire year on my savings. Maybe my problem is that every time I quit a job I felt this societal pressure to try and find another one a few weeks after, especially since I don't go to school either currently. I don't 'waste' my free time either, but I guess I often felt the need to conform to society's expectations, that you either HAVE to go to school or work, or you're an useless fuck..None of these jobs contribute to my true goals, and since I currently have housing and food covered anyways there is no tangible motivation for me to be passionate about or want to keep these dead end jobs that pay jack shit. Taxes are pretty fucking high here as well, despite me making only 5 euros at most places I still get taxed like 30% of my wage. If I get a job again it's problably going to be under the table work the next time, just to fuck this fucking system at least a bit.