I’m engaged and we decided with the state of the world we’re just going to adopt when we are ready and in our 30s. We had a bad pregnancy scare and I was so terrified. I live in a red state so they shame you for getting an abortion and make it very difficult, you have to take a course, the father has to be there (which is ridiculous because what if you were raped? have an abusive boyfriend? nope they don’t care), and make it an extensive process. Also, my family is mormon and they would probably disown me if they ever found out i had an abortion. But an abortion would be the only option for us. I have anger issues, i would not be a good mother, my fiancé and i are poor and i can’t get a job, we live off of his income, i have to take medications that keep me sane, and the state of the world is in shambles and i don’t see if getting better anytime soon. I used to want to have my own kids but i got older and realized it’s only for selfish reasons. Abortion is the only option. I hate when people say “just give it up for adoption” like ???? no? who fucking adopts kids? not the people that are “pro life”, they’re not “pro life” they’re “pro fetus, fuck children that drain taxpayer money”. They don’t fucking care. So after weighing my options, I realized the best life I could give my child is no life at all. Non existence is the best life. My fiancé and I both wish everyday we could just not exist. We can’t die, we don’t really want to “die” but just not exist. I was neglected and abused as a child, and I know I don’t have the capacity to give them a better life than I had. I am so terrified of the state of our world every day, I feel like the world is ending, it’s not getting better, bringing a child into this world would be cruel and selfish. If I get pregnant, I will give them the gift of not existing and accept that i’ll probably have to get therapy for getting an abortion, if i’m not pregnant, i will thank the lord (that i don’t believe in) and be even more careful that i am (i am on birth control by the way, i’m doing my best). Anyway, venting over. It’s been a hard few days.