Hi! I’m new to reddit as a whole so sorry if I mess up! And so sorry if this is a long read, I tried my best! Basically the title is self explanatory. I’m a 20f and have been taking generic bupropion (150mg) for severe depression, and generic lamotrigine (100mg) for bipolar 2 disorder for a little over 2 months. I hate hate hate taking any kind of medicine because my body is extremely sensitive to side effects, especially the rare ones. So when my therapist suggested I go to my family doctor for these medications I was extremely reluctant, but I desperately needed them and I could not wait any longer. I was previously struggling a lot with hormonal acne for 2yrs caused by going off birth control that cleared my skin from acne that a previous birth control caused, but I completely cleared that up! So when I started breaking out (a little on my face but mostly chest and back) I tried to find out if acne was an uncommon side effect of my meds because it wasn’t on the label. I found some things that confirmed that both meds can cause it (my therapist agreed) and I can’t figure out which one, but I’m leaning towards lamotrigine because I think it got worse when I increased my dose. If it is, I would be totally ok going off of it because depression is my biggest issue, and acne made it a lot worse so I would rather deal with being bipolar because it wasn’t too bad. I’m just terrified of the withdrawal. But if it’s the bupropion I refuse to take any other antidepressants because all the other ones seem to cause weight gain, and that also severely impacted my depression from gaining weight also from birth control (ugh) and I am still struggling a little with an ED. I just know it can’t be anything else causing this because I exercise and am/eat very healthy (really) and even more so that my ED has gotten better since my mood has changed and from losing some weight. Has anyone else experienced something similar on this combo? Do you guys have any advice? I really like both of these meds this is the first time in a long time that I have felt this great. I don’t know what to do :(