Hi, I’m not a regular to this site in fact it’s my first time here. I’m not sure if I’m doing this right but this is how feminism has had a negative affect on me and my future. I work in engineering and I work hard and honestly trying to climb the ladder, but I look to my left and there are under qualified women being fast tracked to positions above me! Women who have half the education and experience as me zoom past me because the engineering industry is pushed by feminists to promote women and if they don’t then they are labelled “alt right” or “misogynistic” and usually I just swallow it and keep climbing but today I finally got pushed to my tipping point. So a vacancy recently opened at my work, a very desirable placement, i had a few ideas of who would get it and who deserved this job, men who’ve shovelled the shit and expected nothing from it, good hard working men but then no. One of our recent female trainees gets the placement....she’s 25....she’s had less than 3 years worth of experience and in engineering experience is everything I have 32 years of experience and now I have to answer to an amateur then you know what happens? She comes up to me and asks “what is squeeze casting?” Now I know you may not know exactly what squeeze casting is but it’s pretty obvious, you squeeze the metal while casting it to increase density. Now anybody with an iota of engineering experience will know exactly what this method is even if I was to say SCRM (squeeze casting reinforced manufacturing). This girl who now directs a whole team of engineers doesn’t even know that. I can’t explain how relatively simple that term is and how under qualified this woman is. Not to big myself but I deserved that job, at least more than she does. All she did was come into work and make sure she had a vagina! Thank you for reading this message. I don’t mean to add fuel to the flame that is the argument that women are less superior than men, I’ve known some women who are really inspiring engineers and who had to work while women were really not accepted in this industry and deserve what they earned but this constant need for companies to promote how they support women at the sacrifice of men is just not fair.