As a topic of general discussion: I have never heard of a person who has visited a psychiatrist and was not given a prescription to something. I was told -and this was in about 1995 or so- that the psychologist assesses someone, and then recommends that person to the psychiatrist. By then, they should have already had the diagnosis by the psychologist, which overrides basically anything you say to them. Am I mistaken? It was my experience, and I think this is the case for some of my friends whose personalities and abilities to function have been so impaired by drugs that they are taking disability checks for basically becoming incapable. I struggle to stay in contact with them. One friend can barely speak sometimes. He just moans into the phone when I call him. He is the smartest man I've ever met when he's sober. But he lives at his parents' house at 43 and only uses drugs prescribed to him. It kills me, and we rarely talk. Another friend always laments her medication to me, when she actually answers the phone. She decided on her own to give them up, and deal with her issues. She worked on managing anxiety, which she has told me that has gotten worse over the years by enabling it instead of trying to manage it. The drugs never helped. Instead of helping, it either made her feel better at home, or more anxious without it. She told me that psychiatrists rarely let you out of that office without a prescription. Quitting some of them is supposed to be deadly, if you do it too quickly. She got off of one medication, and has actually learned to face and manage her anxiety on her own. Now she has to figure out how to get off of the sleep medication, she says. Sleeping was difficult when she first began to see the doctor, but now it is practically impossible. Even the drugs don't always work. That's why she's looking into, medically, how to taper off of them. Every time she tells me about this, I think, "This could have been me. All I had to do was take people's advice. My instinct always told me something was off about it, and every person I talk to who takes meds confirms it. I never ask them about it, they just talk about it. I saw some friends about 7 years back have a little med-nerd out, and I didn't understand a word of it. Right now I'm playing a supportive role in the life of any friend who has decided on their own to try to get off of medication, and manage simple things like anxiety for themselves again. I know anxiety ISN'T simple to a lot of people, don't  misunderstand me. But once, in the life of an average human being, it was a pretty simple thing. We've been on this planet for thousands of years building civilizations and destroying them again, and it is only in the last half-century that any slightly unusual person automatically needs drugs. But my friends have told me that the drugs don't work. They're scared of them. These are people far more normal than myself, they always were. I knew them before the drugs. The drugs just made their little problems worse. I have some faith that there are people who might actually benefit from regular psychiatry, but I cannot assert that I am able to perform a full systems analysis on the subject as of yet.