I’ve been struggling seriously with health anxiety these past two months. It started when I woke up one day with an extremely stiff neck and a headache that was only on my left side and the pain traveled from my neck all the way down to my left arm. I looked up my symptoms and just thought it was a pinched nerve or something but i went to the doctor to be sure because I’ve always believed that I have a brain tumor. Ever since I was twelve years old ( I’m nineteen now) I thought I had a brain tumor. The doctor thought it was strange but only ordered an X-ray for my spine which annoyed me because I thought it would be more helpful to get an mri. The pain in my arm got worse and my headache was insane. I felt literal pressure in my head on the left side and I just knew it was because the tumor in my brain was getting larger and causing my brain to press up against my skull. The anxiety only progressed and I started having major brain fog. I had difficulty speaking and would be in the middle of a sentence and would completely forget about what I was talking about. It got so severe that I started crying all of the time and I couldn’t eat anymore, my appetite completely diminished and I lost ten pounds in a week. I was tired of waiting for my referral for my X-ray to go through and so I went to the emergency room and lied and said I had a seizure so that they would have to give me a CT scan because I just knew something was there. As it turns out my CT scan was totally clear and nothing was wrong with my brain after all. Once I found out I had a clear brain scan the pressure I felt in my head completely disappeared. The pain in my arm however remained but it was much milder. Then I started having chest pains and I thought that maybe I had a blood clot and or an aneurysm because the pain was radiating in my chest and left arm, so I went to the ER again, and to my surprise of course everything was fine. Then I convinced myself that this pain I must be feeling was caused by MS because the pain started to spread into my other limbs and I constantly felt aches and sensations all over my body. I was okay with the fact that I might have MS because at least I wouldn’t die. My anxiety decreased when I believed I just had MS but I was still constantly looking up my symptoms and researching about MS. One night I was laying in my bed and I started to get twitching all over my body, everywhere head to toe, my thighs, calves, butt, stomach, back, arms, occasionally face. And I noticed I was all very tired all of the time , more fatigued then I’d ever been in my entire life and so i googled my symptoms again and ALS came up. I started reading about ALS and then my arms started to feel weak and the twitching consisted. I started crying a lot about having ALS cause I just believe that I do . The twitching has gone away now but my arms feel funny or heavy or something. I recognize that I am close to insane with my health anxiety. I don’t know what to do about it. I always think something is wrong with me. Has anyone else ever experienced this? Also is my ALS anxiety irrational?