I was adopted from Russia when I was only a few months old. I don't have many memories of it understandably, but it still burdens me in a way. My early childhood was a blur. My parents came up with "adoption day" which was just an excuse to try to make me feel better about my adoption and maybe myself. Or maybe it was to cure the anxiety that was growing larger and larger every year adoption day rolled around. I would always refuse to look at the pictures of the place I was born and the nurses etc. But it made me feel worse. I never understood it until this day in 2020. How it made me feel, where my severe anxiety and depression came from. It made me feel terrible because to me it just felt they abandoned me. And I know it was for my own good, but that's how it felt in my subconscious mind for all those years. 17 of them. It makes me hate myself for some reason as if I just wasn't good enough for my real parents or I was simply a mistake or this or that. And I really do hate myself for it. It feels like all my fault. And I take it out on my "parents" and it makes me feel awful. I try to be kind and be compassionate and as nice as possible to everyone around me because that's how I wished my real parents were about me. Being adopted made me feel alone. It felt like I didn't have any real family around me. That I didn't belong here. And many kids at my school would take this against me, that I'm adopted, that i'm unwanted, that i'm an orphan. I didn't want any of this. I thought I was a normal kid but I realized that I struggled to fit in and many of my classmates dislike me. I didn't belong and I still don't. I don't know who i'm reaching out to or why i'm writing this to Reddit. But I hope this finds someone and changes their perspective. Being adopted left me lost. Adoption day made me want to cur up into a ball and never come out. They would buy me things from Russia, I don't know why they did this. Maybe to make me feel more at home? It made me feel more isolated, because I didn't know these things. I wasn't in Russia long enough to my culture. I just wanted to be left alone about it. And when I look at y family I get sad because I don't share the same blood or genes. And I hate myself because my parents wont get to pass on their genes like they may have wanted to. It makes my future children venerable because we all won't "fit in" with the rest of the family. And it's somehow my fault for being adopted or being alive, that's how I feel. I've bottled this up for 17 years. I don't belong here or anywhere and i'm just roaming the world on my own. Trying to find peace and maybe even an identity of my own. I'm sick of living in peoples shadows. I want to be somebody but I don't know if I can be. I have severe anxiety and it makes me depressed because I'm not comfortable in my own skin. When I'm at school I want to hide myself because I don't want to be seen because of how I look. 17 years. I don't even know where I want to be. The only 'home' I have found in the past 17 years is in this girl. I met her in first grade and I knew I could never let her go because she made me fell like I belonged and that I could be myself and be somebody. For that I love you G and I can never repay you for it. Again I don't know who needs to see this but this is what I've been holding back. to everyone that was wondering why I always seemed like I needed to say something or I had something on my mind. This is what has been on my mind.