I (28f) work at a convenience store, in a small city in the US. I was the only person there when we were robbed. There's an active investigation so I'm not going to give too many details yet, but I desperately need help making myself chill tf  out. I'm very familiar with general and social anxiety, and panic attacks. This is different. It's like I'm stuck in a state of panic that won't ease the fuck up. A couple more upsetting things happened in the last few weeks. Just 2 weeks ago my old apartment (directly below my current apartment) was broken into while I was at work. All of my food, as well as a few other things were stolen. 2 days ago, the new maintenance man that came along with the new building owners, broke into my apartment. He has a key for my front door, but still has to have permission to come inside. The building I live in is an interesting mash up of add-ons and renovations going back nearly 200 hundred years. Between my foyer and kitchen is a second full door and a glass window. This door has a deadbolt that nobody has a key for anymore. This maintenance man literally BROKE IN, and was stroking my foot and leg while I laid in bed asleep. He woke me up asking if he could cuddle and I lost my fucking shit on him and screamed at him to get the fuck out of my apartment. I also found pictures of my much older and overly aggressive male NEIGHBOR trying to get into my phone, on my security app. I felt at home here. I felt safe here. I built a life here. I felt like I had finally carved out something long-term for myself and my son here. And now??? I'm acting like a nutjob obsessively checking my locks, windows, and even adjusting my curtains in case the guy decides to shoot me through my window. I live across the street from my work. Everyone knows me. Everyone knows these 3 or 4 blocks are basically the only place you'll ever see me. I feel like I'm untethered and doomed to live the rest of my life knowing only anxiety and alternating fear and anger. I snapped at my friends that were staying the night with me and made them leave. I told my boss I wanted to work tomorrow but I really don't and I'm afraid he might come in and he'll know I recognize him or something. Idk. I'm scared.  I want to be alone and feel like I can trust nobody but I also desperately do NOT want to be alone. Idk. Help me.