I grew up in a emotionally and sometimes physically abusive home. I'm 48 years old and for the most part have dealt well with my anxiety and depression. Over the last few months my father has fallen gravely ill which has caused my family to have to communicate with one another when in reality we never really do. We all have a relationship with our parents but we are not a family in the traditional sense I have gone years not talking to siblings. Now one in particular had taken over the majority of care because she doesn't work and me and my other sister and brother do. Long story short I have spent the last two days and night in a hospital with my father and mother because she stays by his side at all times and had the beginnings of dementia so needs assistance with meds etc. This is the 2nd time I've done this in the past few months and each time I end up in some confrontation with my sister because I didn't do something right or I can't spend as much time with them and she needs a break or says she has work when we were all under the impression she doesn't have a job. I don't like her I would talk to her at all if I didn't have to I have become the bigger person both times and tried to makes things right but it always ends up I feel bad or end up in a situation I dont want. I have a full time stressful office job a home and family and I don't want to take care of my parents or spend several nights or weekends with then.  I feel guilty because I just want peace from it all and sometimes find myself thinking maybe he won't make it this time. I left yesterday and told him I can help if needed he said he was going to get a nursr. He's very manipulivr and thinks we all just want his money which is funny because my sister doing the most care stopped talking to the whole family 3 years ago and when he was on his deathbed the first time she showed up and hasn't left so who is after the money. I don't want anything from him. He called one day and said whoever helps more will get more money I said I don't want your money and have backed off since and only helped this time because my brother put together a schedule for us to share and try to act like the family we aren't. I'm in a position now where I feel all of this guilt if I don't go and help and at the same time I want nothing to do with any of it. My sister is cruel and a bitch and intimidating and I don't want anything to do with her. She asked my mother when she was in my care if I was taking care of her right. Why are we all helping her if she obviously thinks she is the only one who knows how. Once my father passes the plan is for my mom to go live with her my father has put her in charge of everything and we are all just left to see what happens. I know this all probably doesn't make a lot of sense. I just need advice because im not sleeping I have so much anxiety over it all I'm scared to even call or visit my parents because she either answers or is there even though she says she needs a break or has a job nothing makes sense. How do I get over this anxiety and back away without feeling guilty. My dad trearts us all different. She says hes mean to her too but u never see it. Yesterday after successful heart surgery he was so unhappy and cruel all day and I can't take the emotional abuse anymore. He said if you had a choice to not be born knowing the suffering if this world would you be born and I said absolutely there is so much good. He didn't like my answer. Then when helping with anything if I did it til fast it was wrong I should do things slow to slow needed go be faster. Why do I rush well dad that's because you always yelled to get stuff done faster growing up. No one talked back to him ever. I do now here and there he has made me who I am and I have worked so hard over the years to get to a good mental place and now I have a hard time getting our of bed most days and have so much anxiety. I have a beautiful home and family and just want to go back to my simple life and not deal with any of this anymore. Thank you reading I just want it all to go away how do u get my mental state back and become normal again with out feeling pressured and guilty all the time .