I hope that Respawn takes the time to read this because I am going to be reviewing a full year of grinding battle passes, sweating in ranked, and becoming a champion. In the past year this game has blown the heck up, undoubtedly: but, for those of the community who have seen the full journey, it may be becoming concerning that is the current state and headway of the game. I believe that when the first battle pass came out there was a tone that was set. It was something between midevil and dinosaurs which was a fun new take on the Titanfall universe that some found familiar and others found new and refreshing. The first battle pass offered a range of trackers and badges to collect that kept me and other players coming back daily. The season one trackers went far beyond its descendants and offered specific damage trackers for legends in a season. The badges were in themselves a challenge such as getting seven legends to top three one, five, twenty five, etc. times. These small things made the first battle pass seem in someway more content full whereas now that tap is running dry. Where we once got an abundance of somewhat neat skins for most weapons has been cut to just the chosen few for a season. When skydive emotes where implemented nearly all legends got one but as time has gone on it would seem that Respawn would rather tease you with a few then sell the best of the batch through an event rather than let the players who already payed for the battle pass have a chance at accessing all of the content that is to come over the course of a season. While the events themselves offer some interesting temporary gameplay they are hard to find interest in because you paywalled out of getting any of the event costumes. This kills the fun and the immersion but it is not the worst that multiplayer has to offer. There is much praise to be given to the even fighting grounds that are Apex legends. Everything is fair game in apex and you do not have to always worry about one or two bullets being the end of your life and game. Between shields, somewhat balanced grenades, and legend abilities the battlegrounds are fairly flexible in the level of equality that every player has in order to have a good match. However there is an unbelievable skill gap that game does nothing to give you a break from. Once you reach a certain point in skill there is no longer such a thing as just playing some public matches. You will be forced to play the games top players (Predators) at every turn whether you choose to play ranked or not.  This kills the casual player aspect of the game and does not make a player want to come back day to day or week to week just to get eaten alive by people far more skilled than them. Between the thinning battle passes and destruction of casual play I believe that unless things are done change the community will begin shrinking with every Royale that comes to follow it. The game in itself is amazing and fun but the vision has been lost. It was wildlands where anything could happen but now it is a sweaty game with hardly anything substantial to draw its players in with consistency.