I find the game sickeningly difficult nowadays. I am level 500, season 3 diamond, with 3 heirlooms about to say cya to the whole entire thing. My KD peaked at 1.6 and now it keeps going down. The game just isn't fun anymore. I dont know what happened with SBMM, but 9/10 times my teammates are sub level 200 with kills in the triple digits. Meanwhile, we face triple stacks, each with 4 and 5 digit kill trackers. Nearly every opponent i face is just as good or better than I am now. Somethings changed, my highest kill game is 19, and just months ago I would average around 5 kills a game. Now its like if I engage, I'm asking for an ass whoopin. I spend time in the firing range every day, and my aim always feels pretty good. But its like when I get into a match, my aim is half as good as everyone else's. Lately it seems like the only way I can get a kill is if I shoot someone in the back. I dont know if I'm feeling the effects of the low profile nerf or what, but playing aggressive is a thing of the past for me. It seems like the meta is shifting towards holing up in a building with caustic or wattson and just waiting it out. Waiting until some enemies happen to start fighting nearby while you observe until they start looting deathboxes, then you gun them down. Taking fights just doesn't feel authentic anymore. When everyone is at or near the same skill level in public matchmade lobbies, forget high kill games. Might as well loot as much of the map as you can, hope you find a gold shield, and avoid conflict until you absolutely have to fight. Playing super safe just to win is boring as hell in my opinion, I'd rather go for kills. Its sad I can't seem to do that anymore. Is it possible I've just gotten worse, yet still get matched up with people at the level I used to be? Or did everyone get better, and I'm still matched with the same players? I don't know what else to say. I'm feeling very defeated, and thats the worst feeling a highly competitive person can have. Anyone else feeling the same?