We have seen many different attempts by Respawn, as this game has developed, to change the game’s meta and although there have been a few different legends and weapons that have certainly stood out, not all of them have really made a huge impact. Many players are still frequenting the same characters and weapon combos that they have been using since the game launched. While they have been updated since then, they still remain at the top of the leaderboards. With that being said, aside from a new weapon or character, what if they changed the ammunition? There’s so many things that they could do to give the types of ammo different effects. An example of this would be like full metal jacket rounds for heavy weapons that could shoot through certain walls, holo-point rounds for light weapons that either has a bleed effect or makes players heal slower, Arc rounds for energy that either steal shields from your opponent or slows them down, dragon rounds for shotguns that have a burn effect, and lastly, with the addition of sniper ammo they could bring back piercing rounds that would do more for headshots or cut through armor better. I realize that there have been a number of hop ups that already have done this sort of thing, but what if they added it for all of the weapons in a certain category by just adding a different type of ammo box that could be on the ground right next to the base form of the type in question. Everyone has their preferences when choosing different weapons based off of what works best for them, but in an emergency situation like early game, when two players land in the same area, one player gets an r99, the other is usually stuck with an re45 or something else on the “lower tier”. If they add different types of upgraded ammo, it could make all the difference in your first fight. It would also make for very interesting and potentially aggressive situations in mid to late game! Let me know what you think or if you have a different idea of what could really change the meta in the games current state! If you made it this far, thanks for the read!!