I think that Revenant is completely useless as a legend if you compare him with other legends, his skills comparing them with other legends are very weak  and his general kit is very bad comparing with others. His tactical ability its not that easy to do in combat because it takes at least one second to take the bomb out of his hand, and also its not an "awesome" skill... Other legends have much better tacticals, his Ultimate ability I think is really bad because if you push with the shadow form and die then you get back to the totem position with 1 health so you have to put a med kit there and in fact even if you pushed and did some damage to the enemies with the shadow, you can't really push again to kill them because  of the time you need to put the med kit, and in that time the enemies gonna generate health as well.. Also in the shadow form it's like the normal form you are not getting more speed or something. Also I think that it's really bad that almost everyone can get the effects of the ultimate of revenant... Then what unique effects revenant has if anyone  can have the same effects of using the ultimate just like revenant?.. I mean come on.... Where is the uniqueness??? Imagine a team with bangalore and revenant. Bangalore has her tactical skill, her ultimate skill, her passive skill + the ultimate of revenant because she actually has the same effects of using the ultimate of revenant just like revenant and revenant has his ultimate (that every squadmate can use so everyone has it) his tactical skill that personally think its a  basic, not good skill for sure and his passive. So revenant is actually weaker than other legends. Let's talk about his passive hahahahah. Where actually crouch walk faster needsss.. It's a definitely useless effect.. And climbing higher is not that "broken" thing.. It's just fine but crouch walk faster?? Really? I mean come on...I think that revenant needs a huge buff or better total change of his kit.. He is very bad weaker than every legend.. And he is even not playable right now... Im really frustrated that they made revenant like this...