At the time Apex Legends released, I was one of the many people upsessed with Fortnite. I watched the popular Youtuber know as Lachlan, and he released a video of him playing Apex Legends. Because I had been playing Fortnite so often, I decided to try something different. When I played the tutorial, two things made made me extremely curious. One, the graphics. They were realistic and nice to look at unlike Fortnite's cartoony style, which some people do prefer. The second thing I noticed  was the variety of weapons and just how much work was put into the game. Then one odd thing, something that stuck out to me more than anything. The reviving animation. As I was reviving my teammate in the tutorial, not only did I think it was pretty cool and still think that to this day, but I also imagined myself on the battlefield, the game play that was ro come. I imagined the most amazing things and then..... reviving my teammate in the middle of it all. It seemed fun, I foresaw awesome things. Then thats when I went into a game, using the robot among the roster of characters because it always made me feel unique, not being a human like everyone else was in the normal world, but instead being a machine ran by something other than the usual organs and pumping heart(although I am thoroughly convinced that Pathfinder has the biggest heart in the world). When I got into a match, there was a different feeling than to Fortnite. It was what I expected. Going into Fortnite, I was expecting the most popular game in the world, but was instead greeted by over the top intense and sweaty game play. Back in the tutorial of Apex Legends, what I foresaw was exactly the thing that happened. Fun, tactical, and exciting unpredictable game play with so much variety. And then, that whole day, I played match upon match upon match, but it wasn't an addiction(like Fortnite), but just genuine fun. I remember that day being one of the funnest times I had ever had playing video games. I was in a good mood the whole time playing, and something to note is that I even excepted when I died because it seemed fair. I get built on in a split second and one pumped by some soccer skin in Fortnite without even understanding what happened. In Apex, I get rushed and fail to get to cover fast enough and unfortunately get downed, but entirely understanding what happened and what I did wrong. That's what got me. There was no point where I was mad at Apex Legends, where I thought how I died and the situation that took place was unfair and it felt as though there must of been a glitch that allowed that player to move so incredibly fast. But at this point, one may think its equivalent to Blackout or PUBG. Well, explaining it to someone, that may be how it sounds. Just another FPS Battle Royale, until you bring in the legends. Growing up, I watched Marvel movies. I knew every member that was part of the Avengers, even though my favorite superhero was Spider-Man. Many of the MCU(Marvel Cinematic Universe) movies I watched in the theaters with my friends and family. And when I watched Avengers: Endgame, I cried because those heroes were my icons, the people I wanted to grow up to be. Now this comes back to Apex Legends and, well, the legends. That name just perfectly describes what these characters are. Throughout the time I played Apex Legends, I got to know these characters because they weren't just some skin or avatar you chose with only a mere description as context to what the skin was and meant. No, when I look at each legend, I seen they're story, what made them who they are, I seen them as heroes. This is one of the biggest parts as to why I love this game. I know they aren't saving anybody when they are playing in an illegal arena where they are bet and gambled on, which is also ran by the main villian in Titanfall 2, but its the fact that they each have their own superpower with a backstory. Steve Rodgers used to be a small kid with a big heart when he was signed up for the super soldier program to truly bring out the soldier within him. He is then frozen after he saves the world by sacrificing himself. He wakes up in the future and finds that the love of his life has grown old and will soon pass away. This is what made him Captain America. Wraith was a woman of curiousity and courage who wanted to experiment with telportation, but ended up having to be the pilot and suffer the consequences of the experiment failing. She lost all of her memory and was abused as she was tested on, as she held some of the power within her after the incident. She soon escapes, however, with the help of her future self guiding her through the void and finds herself in the Apex arena, where she tries to search for answers as too who she was before while still having that same courage and curiousity she had as she fights in the Apex games. She is a hero, like Steve Rogers. Many of the legends aren't there for bad intentions. People such as lifeline and Gibraltar want to help entertain people in a special kind of way and show off the people they were, saving others, and to use these skills in action to sort of educate those watching. Octane is there for the money and fame, along with Mirage. But they all are skilled, have good personalities and remind me of the heroes I had throughout my life. Now, at age 13, legends like Pathfinder and Bloodhound are my icons, the people I want to be like. This game had really brought back that sense of adventure and story any superhero movie gave me. I respect Respawn with utmost adoration. Playing the Titanfall 2 campaign felt so much different than the Call of Duty campaigns. While I'm not saying they were bad, but Titanfall 2 just did everything right. The engaging story, the fantastic level design and boss fights, and the pointless yet touching conversations between B.T. and Jack Cooper. The choices made no effect on the story, but expressed and grew that true connection between the pilot and his or her titan. I can tell when playing Apex Legends that the developers not only are great story tellers, but all so passionate about what they are doing. I am honestly so happy when I spend my money on the game because not only are the cosmetics super cool and always worth it, but I also just am happy to be supporting Respawn Entertainment. I am so incredibly happy that the game gets the attention it deserves. I played the game before season 1 even dropped, and I was so surprised that it wasn't as popular. It did everything right. Your probably wondering after reading this whole thing that "what does this person's opinion matter to me". Well, as I said, I'm just some 13 year-old boy who likes to play Apex Legends. But when you see reviews on Apex Legends, many of them talk about how amazing the game play is or how every gun feels so satisfying and whatever. While all of those are true, most people mention the legends and they're uniqueness and character, but they never compare them to real superheroes, even though that's exactly what they are. They are characters with different abilities and superpowers, each doing what they do for a particular reason or goal. I would like to end this off with one thing. Respawn, if you ever see this, I want you to know that your game and characters have made a huge impact on my life and who I am. I know your game has only been out for about a year, but somehow I already get nostalgia listening to the original default lobby music. I want to say thank you, for doing everything right with your amazing story and giving me some of my favorite gaming memories. Also, just something quick, even though I am far from a professional voice actor, I would love to voice any younger legends that are soon to come to your game, as being an Apex Legend is essentially my dream. Thank you for taking time out of your day to read this, and I hope my opinion felt solid and understandable, and hopefully interesting.