I have known about this for a year now and it drives me insane and makes me feel like I’m stupid. I also have ADHD. And I have been through every type of trauma you could think of. I have been obsessed with improving memory since 3rd grade and I have barely improved. I know all about the memory palace and I have used it before but it’s nowhere near as effective as it could be if I didn’t have aphantasia. I want to f***ing kill myself because of this. I lost my entire family. I have no friends. Nobody even talks to me or looks at me or responds to me. Every dream I ever had was ripped from me. I wanted to be a wrestler. Gets hit by a car and now has trouble with legs. Wants to be a memory champion. Bam! Aphantasia. Wants to be a scholar and do well in school. Has the worst case of adhd anybody has ever seen. Now let’s go to the basic functions of life. I can’t sleep at night. I cannot remember anything. I have trouble breathing, so meditation is out the window. I just want to be normal and have an equal chance to achieve greatness. You may be thinking, there has to be something that you can do! Well, I used to be able to sing. Tours around the world. The whole 9 yards. I’m 16 now. I lost my voice after puberty. The only talent I ever had. Now when I talk to people I am bitter and broken, so they don’t talk to me. Some people think I’m arrogant and rude. I feel like acting tough and untouchable is the only way to protect myself from the truth hard truth that I was born to be nothing. No matter how hard I try I could never succeed. Most of my family died a few years ago. I can’t make or keep friends. I can’t be a scholar, an athlete, or an artist. Guilt is the only thing keeping me in this world. I am not stupid enough to believe that God or reincarnation is real. But if there’s any chance I could come back and be given an equal opportunity to be something in this world I would take it. All hope I ever had has gone out the window. And I fear that in due time I will be too.