Posted this on r/automator, r/osx, and r/macos in the last few minutes, but figured I'd post it here as well to get maximum exposure. Not sure if any of these are the right subreddit to post this in but I figured I'd at least ask given that someone here has probably had something of a similar issue, so here goes; a while back (a couple weeks ago at this point), I was running a workflow in automator, but I think I might have expected a bit too much of it so I force quit out of the program. This usually isn't a big deal and typically, I'm able to just restart the program and get back to what I had been doing before, albeit with some alterations to prevent the same thing happening again. This time was different, however, because it took far longer than it usually did to start up, and at some point I got tired of waiting and force quit out of it again. After attempting to rectify the issue in this manner a few more times, I restarted my computer, which, if all else fails, seems to resolve almost any issue and indeed I had successfully used a few times to get automator to load up when every other method at my disposal had in fact failed me. However, this did not work either and I was right back at square one. I also hadn't updated my computer's OS in a while (I was still running 10.13.something when this all started) and for some unrelated reason maybe a week and a half ago I decide it was probably long past time to perform the update. After the update finished, one of the first things I did was attempt to start up Automator and, to my complete surprise, it actually worked and the program started up completely normally. So, naturally, I thought to myself, "yay, problem solved," but alas, this turned out not to be the case as I quickly discovered the next time I attempted to open automator, I was right back at square one like I was before. I just updated my computer to the latest version literally right before I started writing this and I am still having the same issue, so now I'm just at a total loss for what to do short of just leaving my computer running while I'm asleep to find that automator has (hopefully) opened by the time I wake up. So is there anything else I can do to rectify this issue, and if so, how do I dod that? My instinct is that clearing the application cache or doing some something to prevent Automator from attempting to reopen the same problematic workflow would probably go a long way toward fixing the problem, but I've already tried the former to no avail and wouldn't even know where to start with the latter. Any and all help given is greatly appreciated, thank you in advance.