I have a Frigidaire Gallery Refrigerator, model FGHB2866PF2. The freezer is working fine but the refrigerator is warm (~55F). There are no error codes showing. I ran the diagnostics and had two tests I wasn’t sureabout. “Test #2 Freezer Door Heater. Evaporator thermistor temperature is flashed. Watch for temp increase with the heater on.“ No temperature flashed, maybe because heater is not on. “Test #38 VCC Compressor” I can hear the compressor running but doesn’t seem to turn off/on. There was a slight buildup of frost/ice on the back corner of the Frig by the ice machine. I removed the ice machine, auger unit and the plastic cover over the evaporator coils and heater. Everything was iced up inside. Evaporator Fan Motor inside the auger was working fine. I used a Fluke 77 DMM and checked the resistance of the defrost thermostat when it was frosted in place, DMM reads a 0.00 / dead short. Defrosted everything with hair dryer, removed the thermostat from copper pipe and let it warm up for 3-4 hours to ~55F, DMM reads an open/OL. Placed in Freezer overnight with same results. Checked the heater coil it reads 182 ohms. I verified the heater measurement against a new Frigidaire heater in the bag and it matched the resistance +/-1.0. When the heater and thermostat were still frozen in the ice, check the back side of the white 4 pin connector with the heater and thermostat wires going through it. No voltage on any pin. The brown wire going to the heater should have 110VAC on it and it does not. Followed the brown wire back through the auger unit (straight shot with no other connections inside) to the nine pin connector (connects the auger wire harness to the Frig wire harness). There is no voltage on either side of the brown wire on the 9 pin connector. Nothing intermittent. With the probe on the Frig side of the 9 pin and without moving the DMM probes, disconnecting the 9 pin connector’s shell halves from each other and I have 110VAC on the Frig side of the 9 pin connector. Repeated several times with same results. Nothing intermittent. Checked the brown wire continuity from the Frig side harness of the 9 pin connector to the heat/thermostat 4 pin connector and it reads good, even wiggling wires around. Nothing intermittent. Place user interface in to manually placed in Automatic Defrost Mode (DF) and heater was +150F and rising before I turned it off. Don’t know what to do next. I suspect the Main Control Board under the freezer but it’s only a guess. Any suggestions are greatly appreciated. Thank you for your help.  