Im so done. My school doesn't offer many AP classes, but I decided I wanted to take the AP Chem one due to the fact I had a 93 in Chem and there is only an Honors class and want to show I would've done well in Ap. So I went to my counselor/advisor (best advisor ever by the way and helped me feel part of a private school community I don't fit in at all in due to being first get and from the City) and she told me to go to this college counselor section. I don't have a college counselor (sophomore) so I ask to sign up for the AP Chem test. This is in the beginning of the year btw. She says "Yes don't worry about it I will deal with it just sign up with me" So I sign up and it says I'm part of some class for AP Chem which is the way they let us take it. So im like ok and she says all set. In feb I get an email from a different college counselor asking why im not signed up, I say that I was and then she says Im not and I need to sign up now and pay the late fee. I think great more money to college board. Im relieved because now I think im signed up and during the second quarter I had 2 family members die and my average for all my classes went from 94 to a 83 and I thought I could show colleges that I still new my stuff, even with a lower average. The way it went through is the counselor said she would do It for me, I gave her my account and password, and my school account even got charged the late fee. So I spend all of spring break studying, doing nothing else but eating working out and sometimes playing video games. A week ago I get ANOTHER  EMAIL BY ANOTHER COUNSELOR SAYING IM NOT F\*\*KING SIGNED UP and THAT SHE WANTS TO KNOW WHY. I tell her I am and show her all my email chains with the other teachers, she sends an appeal to college board and I just got told they rejected it. WHAT DO I DO AT THIS POINT I WASTED SO MUCH TIME STUDYING AND NOW I CANT SHOW THAT MY AVERAGE DOESNT REFLECT ME. I even brought my overall average in chem to a 91 now (If I get the same average next quarter) by getting good grades this quarter, but my school only sends semester stuff, so my 83 in second quarter brought my first semester avrg to an 88. Also my school is notoriously difficult but also competitive with the average gpa being a 90 but a  4.0 being a 90+ because its 30k a year ( im on scholarship lol)