Hello there. I know that by my username, most of you already know who I am and i'm not afraid to show it, because it's not true. Actually, it is true, but it is not what I meant. You guys know how you shouldn't give your real age to anyone online? I didn't  do that and yet, I did something far worse. I told some of the ARGUnderground members my age, but I lied about it. And now I know that was so stupid of me, but at that time I didn't understand the consequences of my actions. And for that I just want to say that I am truly sorry to every girl or guy that I talked to and lied to about all sorts of stuff, including my age. I am 16 years old. When I first made Nemey Corp, I wasn't expecting myself to get in that sort of situation. I was just making an ARG for fun, so I used the ARGUnderground as a way to advertise it. And now, because of my stupidity, most people, if not everyone, think I am a predator. And can I really blame them for thinking that? Of course not. Some random guy who talks to you and lies about his age. Yeah that sounds like a predator to me. And I understand if you guys don't even finish reading this, or one of the mods just deletes it a few minutes after it has been posted, but please, just read this before you do so. I am currently 16 years old, at the time all of that happened, I was 14-15. Just a dumb kid who wasn't expecting all of this to come from a "fake age teller". And I promise I won't do that anymore. I'm just trying to move on with my life, make friends and maybe even get a girlfriend, and if its online, I will always tell her my real age. I just ask all of you, especially mods, to please leave me alone.. I know I deserve all of this but please. I promise I am not like that anymore. No more Nemey Corp. No more fake age. No more problems. I just want to move on with my life. I will be a better person. I am trying to be a better person, but everytime I find someone new on Discord or Roblox. A few days later, you guys just hit them with that "UserDecoder Warning Doc". Please just leave me be. Again, I'm so so so so freaking sorry for all of this. If I could, I would apologize to every single one of the "ARGUnderground victims". If any of you mods need proof, just tell me and I will gladly pm you a picture of my hand and maybe even a face reveal just to show you that I am not who I said I was when I was on the ARGUnderground server.  I'm sorry.