Hello Everyone, when Ark first came out i was among the first to play it on PC and i was among the first to play it on PS4. I Loved spending countless hours in this game. I stopped playing for 1.5 years, i came back and things have really changed. The game aint what it used to be. I am a solo player, i came back and decided to test my luck in an official small tribes server. I played on ps4 mostly because most of my friends played there so i just did my solo run on there. First server i joined was NA-smalltribes8 spawned in and found multiple tek bases stacked with heavy turrets and tek turrets. As a solo i didn't care much just wanted to live my life and fight a group or two every now and then and reap their rewards. I first built a raft, as an experienced player i immediately knew what to do and were to go after my dossie run. My plan was to raid the smaller bases around the map, of course literally almost all were raided and the only ones left standing were the big ones. We don't mess with those obviously. But then i started to see manas flying around, i knew what dlc they were from and what they do and man are they cool. This was on an Island official server. I had just tamed my first argy, it was level 220, my first beelzebufo lvl 126, And an anky lvl 55. These were the three dinos that i needed. One for weight, one for paste, one for metal. I was putting in all sorts of farm, making prim flak like crazy, killing alpha dinos for xp and maybe decent gear, making decent weapons for my level (92) and putting in a lot of work. Mana guy (lvl 283 mana) comes buy with a griffin guy (lvl 247) and doesn't raid me but kills my tames that were on raft. "Damn GG" tame some more not long after. Same exact 3, same thing happens but this time with griffin guy. Dead tames yet again, "GG". Was in the middle of taming my third argy. Actually get raided this time. Raft gets demoed by C4. Mana guy just blows boat but doesn't take anything. I salvage what i can, put it in argy and take off. This time a diff tribe, guy with a griff (lvl 276) comes by and two hits kills my lvl 210 argy. The melee WAS INSANE on that griff. Looked into it and was told about bloodlines that ran for generations on some of the most popular tames. That's incredible and scary. I felt that i was not going to be able to build a proper base, not going to be able to farm without being completely obliterated, and overall feel like i have not chance. This game needs a wipe. Now i loooked into this and the Ark community is somewhat split on this. Some what the officials to stay as is and some what complete wipes. Duping is an issue, meshing is an issue, beginners can't start, etc. I know there have been countless issues that have arisen over the years. If i was having trouble as an experienced player i can only imagine what complete newbies were going through. This Game needs something fresh, if the community is split on the whole wiping servers issue then why not release official servers that wipe every 3 weeks, monthly, every two months, etc. Something like that? I feel like a cluster of servers like that would bring back players without losing those who want no wipes on current servers. Like i said i am a fan of this game but after two days i felt so discouraged to continue playing, i knew i wasn't going to get past prim gear. I like the official feel because i like to feel like I'm working for something. I personally don't like those 100x servers cause nothing feels like it's earned but given. My point is, with the trouble PvPvE servers are going through, the community split on the whole server wipe issue, why not just make some that do? Make a Vanilla PvPvE cluster of Servers that wipes after a certain time (one month for example), do not allow transfers from other non-constant wipe servers, same rulesets as officials. That way you don't get broken bloodlines with super jacked stats, dupers and meshers get discouraged to do it in these servers (maybe not all but most), and you'll have an environment where everyone experienced or new can have a chance without losing players from current servers. I feel like this should be something Wildcard should look into, i would definitely be more eager to play again for much longer if something like this happened. I'm sure others feel the same. Thx for reading.