Xbox server....Ok this might be long winded but I want to tell you why our server just may be the right fit for many of you. I am a day one ark player and ark in my opinion is still the best game out there. Unfortunately for me anyways ark has lost its touch. You know the way it felt when gigas made you alpha and everything felt truly like its own prehistoric world. With danger around every corner.. After taking a long brake from ark I returned to flying whales one tribe per server and duping. So I decided to take matters into my own hands and rent a unofficial server. So let me tell you what makes this server special and why we would love to have you. We chose the map valguero due to it having a nice mix of all the maps and dinos. We also added in extra dinos such as rock drakes.. Snow owls.. Lightning and poison wyverns and many others. Server is set up as 5x taming 5x gather 10x breeding. It feels honestly perfect. Let's face it official rates are very slow for us that actually work and such but other boosted servers are so easy that you get bored with in a week. Next the server is set up in a way which it is PvP and pve kinda. What I mean is we can still fight it out and have fun but turrets are set up to do more damage for extra base protection. It really works well. I would also like to add that this server is not your typical unofficial server as in.. There is no admins at all. Unless something serious happened (cheating) everyone is on a completly even playing ground. This server also will not be shut down a month from now like many are. Lets just say we have just about unlimited funds and will be up and running for many years. The server is very new and currently only has one or two tribes atm. As more people join the player slots will be bumped as needed. Anyways hope to see you on the server and let's play ark the way it was awesome!!  To get to the server simply go the server list . click unofficial pc server. In search type in no admins 5x . once it pops up add it to favorites and join. Hope you have a wonderful day :)