Hello. I don't really know what I am doing putting this on here but I have wanted to do something like this for a while now. I'm not even sure if this is the right place to put this. I kind of hoped that some of you could have related to my situation and some point in time and could offer advice as to how I should go about accepting myself or whatever it is I should do. I kind of hate myself. I've been realizing over the last few weeks that I've been a pretty dumb kid for my whole life. I seriously hate saying it but it's true. I feel like I've just been getting dumber as time goes on. A little about me, I'm 20 years old and I'm from a middle class house hold in suburban America. I was pretty weird growing up, wasn't a complete social outcast but didnt have a ton of friends either. I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 7 years old and i took medication for about 10 years starting when I was 7. I didnt really do well in school when I was younger until I got to about 11th grade. I could hardly ever pay attention to anything because of how severe my ADHD is. Even now it's hard to pay attention to things sometimes. I come from a military family and I have been eager to join the military since I was about 16 years old. I scored a 93 on the ASVAB and so I qualified for whatever job I wanted. I took a job for a missile launcher mechanic and shipped off to Army basic in fall of last year and graduated about 2 weeks ago. BCT destroyed any confidence I had and honestly made me hate myself for being so stupid. It feels like a made a fool of myself every day when I was there. Even the drill sergeants singled me out and humiliated me and it made me want to kill myself... Like I can't stand myself. I hate how I am always one step behind everyone else and It makes me feel like any attempt at a normal life is pointless.  I have a girlfriend. She is back home in the state we're and I know that part of her hates me for leaving her to join the Army. She plans on joining the active duty component herself and we plan on getting married sometime this year. I miss her so much, but that's another story. I'm at AIT and I'm a hold under because there weren't enough people to start a class in my component of the Army. Even now, I have no confidence and i feel people can see that and I just feel like I can't do anything right. Even before I left for bct my girlfriend told me I was honestly the dumbest person she had ever met, and I believe her. People here at my AIT location make me feel so stupid and even make fun of me sometimes and I just hate myself for not knowing what to say back to them. I have no pride in myself what so ever. BCT destroyed me mentally and emotionally. I need something right now to help me but I dont even know what it is. I just wish i wasn't such a dumbass.