I am an 11B and was informed in December that I am getting medically retired due to my repeated cases of rhabdomyolysis, three times within four months. In September right after morning PT, I went to the bathroom and pissed out what looked to be blood. I dont mean a little bit, I mean the entire time I was peeing was straight coca cola colored. I felt no other symptoms, no soreness, nothing. Went and told platoon doc and he gave me an IV and took me to the er. They took blood and gave another IV. They told me it is rhabdomyolysis, muscles eating themselves, material goes through kidneys, I piss blood. I was put on dead mans profile and told to hydrate. When I came off profile after about a month I returned to regular duty. Within a month I pissed blood again right after PT. We figured it was the same thing and took blood test which confirmed it was rhabdo. Another dead mans profile, came off it after another month back to regular duty. Pissed blood a third time right after PT after about another month and the PA told me I'm probably getting medboarded and wont deploy february. I was put through different tests to see why I keep having rhabdo because I had no other symptoms and it occurred after not that strenuous pt sessions. Everything that was tested for came back negative, they dont know what is going on. The PA told me he would take it to the board. Just received a call today after no word for two months from some captain and said I'm not getting medboarded, the levels in my blood tests weren't high enough to warrant being medically retired, said "it might be a normal thing for you after exercise." How is pissing blood normal? I talked to an NCO that was tracking my situation and he confirmed this from an email he got saying I am not getting medboarded. They said I do not meet all the requirements and that the army will not take responsibility for what is going on with me, that it could be preexisting, or maybe even genetic. I played sports all my life, lifted weights plenty, never pissed blood before. I feel like the army is trying to pass up the blame, idk. 1st Sgt told me I could either finish out my contract on a permanent modified profile or get medically chaptered instead of medically retired, meaning the army takes no blame and I just get out, no compensation for army fucking my body up. If I cannot do my job and missed deployment because of this then why would I choose to stay in, so I guess if medically chaptered is an option then I would go with that but I dont understand why I cannot be medically retired. Would I still get benefits from being medically chaptered? Can I fight this? Am I getting screwed? Any information or suggestions would be helpful, thanks.