For as long as i can remember i have never met anyone that i have wanted to date and dating in general does not seem very necessary to my life and i feel no real urge to be in one. however i’m not sure if i’m aromantic, scared of intimacy, or just have a misconception about love in general? maybe a mix of all 3 idk? like i can understand why people would be in a relationship and realistically i think if certain ppl in my life were to tell me they wanted to date i wouldn’t necessarily be opposed to it but i also have no desire to actively seek that out. like i get crushed every now and then but most of the time i dont really like the person it’s just more the idea of the person or i just really want to be their friend. part of me wonders if i’m just too scared of relationships bc they are a lot of work and i also know i have lot of my own issues to sort out, but then part me just feels very content with the idea of not being romantically involved with anyone. but i would also like companionship and someone i can have sex with and be friends with and basically have a relationship? I dont really know what to think of any of it because i feel like i also dont really see a different in the way i love people. obviously i love the people in my life to varying degrees but i can’t fathom or even comprehend being “in love” with someone if that makes sense. i feel like i’m already a very loving person in general and someone that enjoys loving the ppl in my life that i just dont really understand romantic love. relationships and the whole concept of being in one makes me feel very flighty and i don’t really know why and i’m not sure what to think of it. and i kinda stay away from starting relationships bc i dont wanna hurt anyone and i think it would be unfair knowing there’s a very good chance i will not be in love with the person i’m with like i may love them as a person and a friend and as family but i dont think i am emotionally capable of being “in love” idk i’m open to anyone’s thoughts and opinions at this point i’m kinda stumped