First thoughts. Planet Telex is a great opener. Makes me feel like I’m about to go on a musical journey. Actually made me feel as if I was about to go on a long road trip. The Bends then goes on to strengthen that, and sounds like a continuation of planet telex. The song ends on a slower note, in preparation for high and dry. (I wish more albums had good transitions like this!) The vocals in this song really are beautiful. One of my favorite songs on the album upon first listen. The slow and pretty vocals and instrumentals of high and dry are then continued in fake plastic trees, another really pretty song. Bones kinda picks it up a bit after that, with some more energetic instrumentals than the last few songs, and that explosive chorus is just the cherry on top. Nice dream also had some really nice sounding vocals, accompanied by fitting instrumentals. Just picks it up again a little bit and almost feels like grunge at times. My iron lung was another one of my favorites. Specifically for that beginning guitar part that gets repeated and expanded on throughout the song. Then came the slow, almost dreamy tunes of bulletproof. Almost put me to sleep, but in the good way. After bulletproof comes my first and only nit pick about the album. the transition between bulletproof and black star. They’re both good songs but the end of bulletproof didn’t really blend well with the beginning of black star. Almost felt like I was listening on shuffle. But still, both great songs. Then there came sulk. Very unique song, and the chorus just sounds so raw, you can really hear the emotion the singer puts into it, especially toward the end. Street spirit is an amazing closer to the album, almost feels like a ballad. The slow guitar throughout, paired with the chilling vocals, gave me goosebumps.  Tbh the fact that the bulletproof/ black star transition is my only nit picky thing with this album should show how great it seems to me so far. Keeps a consistent feel throughout, while still having a unique sound on each song that makes each one stand out in its own way. Overall, after the first listen, really great album. Throughout the week I’m gonna try to go into more detail about my thoughts about the album as a whole, and each individual song as well. Then next week, I’ll be moving on to OK computer.