I’m confused about who I am. I don’t feel like I belong anywhere, I thought that I was normal, you know. I have crushes and I feel attracted to a certain type of guys, At some point I thought I was too romantic. Sadly, at first, the feeling wasn’t mutual, and I was repeatedly rejected by the people I liked. Of course I was devastated, It took me a while to get over them, I was young at the time and I was pretty much attached to them, I used to fantasize about them all the time, I was probably attached to my fantasies more than the actual people, so when I got rejected I got really sad and thought that I’ll never get to feel these things that I imagined. But then, years went by, I matured, and I grew. So I met someone, and somehow got attracted to them, and surprisingly, they liked me back. A couple of days went by, we’re a couple! I’m someone’s girlfriend! I felt special. People actually like me and accept me. It felt great. At first. But then I started to notice something, I started to feel uncomfortable around them, and no matter how hard they try to make me happy I don’t feel that happy around them. So i broke up with them. Months went by, I felt depressed. Genuinely depressed. I felt like a horrible human being, how dare I break up with such an angel! But it was too late now. So I stayed away from them. A while later, they contacted me back, They forgave me. And again, I felt attracted to them, so we got back together. We stayed for about 3 weeks before I broke it off again. And I vowed to never be with another human being ever again. But, the same scenario happened again. And again. And again and again. It’s weird. I feel attracted to people but when I become with them I feel uncomfortable when they do romantic things? And when they don’t I become pretty annoyed for no reason? What’s wrong with me? Why do I keep hurting people and hurting myself over and over again? Am I mentally unstable? And am I actually aro? and I also noticed that overtime I become more and more less attracted to the people I’ve been with even before being with them. Which kinda backs up my theory about being aro. Although I am 100% sure that I’m asexual. Sorry if I was disrespectful to anyone at all and I hold no hate to the community at all, I’m just really upset at myself. Sorry again.