Now that we know for certain that the NKOTB concert t-shirt and book, McElligot’s Pool, were found in Asha’s book bag in 2001, I’m hoping to have a discussion about what that could possibly mean. I know this has been discussed before and that most of these points have been made, but now that we are sure that the items were in fact found in the book bag in 2001, I thought it would be best to have one current thread to talk about it. I will start with the t-shirt. We know that it was likely produced for the New Kids tour in 1990, the same year Asha was born. If the original owner of the t-shirt bought the t-shirt in 1990 (the band reportedly performed in Charlotte in January of that year), we can guess the probable age or the original owner based on the average age of New Kids fans in 1990. I would guess the individual to be a teenager in 1990, and in their twenties at the latest. Again, I am basing this on the average age, not the outliers. Most New Kids fans were females. This could mean that the person who took Asha is the original owner of the t-shirt and possibly a female, or a male who possibly obtained the t-shirt from a relative (daughter, sister, niece, cousin), or obtained it from good will, or the least likely scenario, an older man who listened to New Kids in 1990, enough to attend their concert (not very common but plausible). We can now be fairly certain that the perpetrator did not dispose of Asha’s book bag immediately after abducting her due to the fact that the t-shirt and book were discovered in the bag, indicating that she was likely kept at a location long enough to be given a change of clothes. Why else put the t-shirt in her bag before burying it? If Asha did wear the shirt, it is possible that her DNA or the perpetrators DNA is on the t-shirt. I am hoping that the FBI has run current DNA tests on the t-shirt since forensics have advanced so much since the t-shirt was found. The second item, the library book, is from Asha’s own elementary school. I still cannot determine if the book was Asha’s or not. Even if her parents could not identify the book as being hers, that doesn’t mean that she didn’t check it out herself. I never told my parents the names of the books I borrowed from my school library. For all we know, Asha could’ve checked the book out the last day she was at school. The police state that the library records do not go back that far which points to the possibility that the records were likely disposed of each year since the library did not have the records eighteen months after she disappeared. Unless the police did not check with the library until more recently, which would be poor investigating and the topic of another discussion entirely. If the book was given to Asha by her abductor after she disappeared, it obviously points to someone who is local, with ties to the elementary school. Whether working at the school, or having a relative or child of a friend who attended the school at the same time as Asha. If in fact the book was given to Asha, the abductor clearly had strong ties to her school and to her community, as believed by the police. I am hoping to open a discussion of what other possibilities this could mean. Like others, I am disappointed that the police did not release this information much sooner. This does make me question the way the investigation has been handled from the beginning, when I previously gave them the benefit of the doubt, causing me to question other areas of the investigation.