Does anyone have any insight into why my AP-inlaws would have instantly loved my Kansas SIL (who married my husband's brother).  Husband's family is from Singapore (Chinese).  From day one, they loved her and she really did not meet any of the typical criteria--she had no degree, her family were hillbillies, her mom was obese and addicted to gambling.  My BIL (husband's brother) had to tell Kansas SIL to finish her degree.   Like I don't want to sound like a jerk, but Kansas SIL also was not overly attractive.  Like she just didn't care if you know what I mean.   Now, I don't really care about externals like that, but my in-laws sure do!  You know what I mean?  Money, real estate, education, physical appearance--they are your typical APs.  I had a degree (that my husband did not have tell me to get), I had an amazing career, money, and a good family.  I also was attractive in that I knew how to fix myself up in the conventional ways (you know, put together an outfit, make-up, etc).  Plus, my family has been very financially generous to my husband, AND, very, very welcoming to my Chinese in-laws.  Yet, it was never, ever enough.  They would tear apart my mother and grandmother, constantly finding fault with them--meanwhile Kansas SIL's mom was an obsese gambling addict who could do no wrong.  Kansas SIL could get away with all types of stuff I would never dream of--and the harder I tried, the less I was respected.   17 years in and I still get emails from MIL raving about Kansas SIL.  "Kansas SIL is out feeding the homeless."  "Kansas SIL is so loving and kind and the most amazing mother."  Like, I could so all those things too but I'm just seen as a piece of garbage!  (BTW, I am from Vancouver and in-laws all used to live here--but no word of a lie, they gave up Vancouver, second home to Asians, and moved to Kansas).  Is this just part of the mind games APs love?  Recently I was just fed up and when I got an email from MIL praising Kansas SIL I said that maybe she would like my husband to marry Kansas SIL.  ha ha ha ha ha Then all her children could be together in Kansas.  I welcome the advice kind friends.