Hi. I am an Indian. I am a software engineer. My parent wants me to work at Infosys, Accenture, Deloitte, etc just for the sake of securing a job instead of letting me take time to prepare for some good ones like google, amazon, or any product based companies etc. The companies like Infosys, Accenture, etc are basically what you call service-based companies. Their pay scale is very low compared to the ones in Amazon, and Google. In fact the kind of work is also very very different. It's not like I cannot find a job. I have worked at a startup for a year, later worked at Accenture for about a year because my parent couldn't stop whining about why I quit my job and am staying at the home and wasting precious years of job experience. In fact, I have got a job in two service-based companies Tech Mahindra, and Genpact right out of graduation, but decided not to join them because it would be a gamble since I never know what kind of a project would I be pushed into since there are a lot of support projects with no future scope or learning. These service-based companies have projects which use COBOL even now. And getting into these companies is also not so hard. All you need is to have decent English, a good academic percentage (\~70%), and ability to write basic programs like reversing a string etc. My parent is not a techie. He does not understand what software engineering is. He does know that working at Google is amazing, still wants me to work somewhere while doing my preparation for interviews just so that I can settle up, and save face in front of the relatives. I have tried preparing for interviews, and also work while at Accenture, but heck it was not possible given the fucking 10-hour work shift, and a 4 hours total travel time in the office cab. Right now I am unemployed and have joined a programming Bootcamp which helps me secure a job where I have a chance to learn and have tremendous growth. But the Bootcamp is for like 6 months. So let's say it would take 12 months in the worst case for me to secure a job at the place where I want to. I know it's my mistake entirely for not preparing while I was in college, but yeah, since I stood out in my class for my really good programming skills (which was very little compared to what is required), I never bothered to train more. Right now, I am really good a competitive programming and have also some good projects, given enough time I can easily secure a good job. It might not be google, Facebook, Amazon etc, but yeah, I strongly believe that I can join some organization which has better future prospects for me compared to the service-based companies.  But the problem is my parent wants me to do a job instead of wasting time at home. I am not wasting time at home, I am preparing for interviews every day. My parent has explicitly said yesterday that no one in the community would give me any respect because I am not doing a job, and am staying back at home even after graduation, and not even preparing for my masters. I have clearly said that I am not interested in pursuing my masters yet. But yeah, this fight happens every now and then.