I went to the dentist for a root canal in January.  It went well and I went home with antibiotics because apparently my tooth was very infected.  So much so that it was starting to get into my jaw. So I started taking the amoxicillin and after 2 days I was puking my guts out. Turns out I'm allergic to amoxicillin so I called my dentist and he called me back on his direct number and after talking with him he said he was confident he got all the infection out when he cleaned the roots out and that he packed in some medicated stuff into the temporary filling so the infection could clear up before they placed the temporary crown. So I stopped taking the antibiotics and just carried on with everyday life until Thursday when I went back.  I had to wait 6 to 8 weeks. So fast forward to Thursday, I was supposed to go back on monday the 6th but my kids resume school via distance learning on the 6th and I wanted to be here incase they need help with anything so I rescheduled to Thursday so I could get it taken care of before.  They just moved my appointment. No one told me I would be seeing a different dentist. I found that out when I got there.  They took me back and then told me my dr wasn't there and I would be seeing someone else.  I thought ok I would prefer my dr but I need this done so I just went with it trusting they looked at my file and I assumed they talked with my dr. They didn't.  They immediately got started numbing me up. They did 3 injections and they were very painful.  One of which felt like it went too deep. Then after Time went by and I was good and numb, then they did xrays. They came back in and told me they couldn't do it. They showed me on the xray there was a piece of a file stuck in my tooth and my roots were really curved so he didn't feel comfortable doing it. So I was not happy to go through that pain to leave with a numb face and nothing was done and to also find out I have a foreign object in my tooth. So I called back when I got home and requested to speak with my dentist.  He wasn't there so they said to call back on Monday when he will be there so I said ok. Then he called me from his personal number after he talked to the staff I dealt with to get my side of the story and see what was happening.  He was confused as to why I moved my appt and I explained to him I was just trying to work around my kids school and he asked if the staff I dealt with told me I would be dealing with someone else and I said no I thought I was rescheduling with him(my dentist). No one told me he wasn't going to be there. So I told him everything and he was very sympathetic and apologized many times. I told him how they numbed me up before they even did any xrays and since they did the injections my face has been swollen and that part of my mouth has been very painful since. Even today it's still a little swollen and very painful.  He also said looking at the xrays I still have infection too. So he prescribed me more antibiotics which I'm still taking currently. As far as the painful injection he said the guy who did it may have popped a blood vessel or something.  So I'm taking over the counter meds for pain and antibiotics for the infection.   He set me up an appointment for Tuesday to fix it all and get that file out of my tooth. So I am just wondering if I'm doing the right thing going back there? What should I do?