Im just gonna come right out and put it all on the table because honestly, I dont have literally anything to lose. I lost my brother. My mom is sick. My dad passed when i was young, I'm going through a time in my life where I just dont know if im gonna make it. My brother passed away the beginning of March and my life has been a mess before that, but even when j thought it couldn't get worse, its now gotten much much worse. I dont do drugs, I occasionally drink, I am to what i think a good person... I dont get why I'm being punished. Ive gone to as far now as even looking for a sugar daddy to help get me out of my situation, to posting on every subreddit I could think of in a way of desperation. Ive literally thought about prostituting my self to survive. I lost my job, i lost my car, and im on the berge of losing my apartment even though trump passing bill on no evictions, my apt complex is still filing for eviction i just got my 5 day notice. My phone got shut off. My electric is past due. Ive gotte. Everyone saying "well why dont you reach out to your shelters or food banks" thinking that wasnt the first thing i would try. And I have but the resources arent available everyday. They are certain days of the weeks at certain times which also require money to get to and from that i dont have. People have called me a scammer, questioned my story (which is literally disturbing) and have also ben led along by men in attempts to exchange nude pictures for money which just being honest i tried with a few and they all played me and got my pictures and blocked me. I cannot win. I really need help guys my mental health is at the worst its ever been. Im depressed, my anxiety is terrible right now, I cant sleep.. I cry uncontrollably because I feel like the little boy who cried wolf. Anything would help seriously I need to get caught up on my bills, get my rent paid, my phone on.. Money to get to and from to apply for jobs... My life is really a mess right now. I need some advice and some reassurance right now too :( thanks to anyone who is willing to put themselves in my shoes instead of pointing a finger when i need help now more than ever.