So Corona virus, quarantine, stay safe, Etc. So everyone is going hiking and into the woods to get out of the house and avoid large crowds. So its Saturday and one of the 1st pretty, warm days we have had in awhile. So everyone is getting out. My family (f-60yo,f-32yo, m-3yo and the dog) decide to go hiking. We have always enjoyed hiking and being outside but since everything is going on the park is packed with people! There is no parking and you basically have to just keep driving around until you happen to catch someone leaving and wait for their parking spot. There are a couple of different parking areas but they are spread out and all of them are full. So we have already made a couple of loops looking for a parking spot. FINALLY find one and their is a suburatank in the spot beside it with a bunch of people getting out with their kids and their dog. We put on our blinker and try to pull over enough to let the cars behind us pass while we patiently wait for the people to get out and move out of the way. Then a woman walks over and tells us that they are saving that parking spot. That the rest of their group went on up the road to turn around and come back and they are going to park in that spot. We politely reply that you cannot save parking spots like that. They are first come first serve. So then she gets the man (large extremely muscled) to come tell us the same thing. Again we politely say that you cannot reserve or save parking spots. That the park is packed and we have already been up and down the road multiple times looking for a parking spot and we got to this one 1st so we are parking here. The man then tries to use the fact that they have kids and a dog and they are a group and they are trying to all park together. We understand that but we also have a child much smaller than any of theirs and a dog. So the man gets aggravated and tells us that he will just stand in the spot and keep us from parking their anyways. Now, at this point we are blocking traffic and the other vehicle they were waiting for is also stuck behind us. So then the man tells us that he will just have them pull around us and park their anyways. Which is impossible because this is a small road and we are right in front of the spot waiting to turn in. So the other vehicle would have hit our car had they tried to do it. FINALLY the people in the other vehicle tell the man they will just go on down to the next parking area. So the man FINALLY moves out of the way and we are able to park but he just has to have the last word and tells us we are not being "cordial". Now the parking areas are all about a half mile apart on this little park road. So the farther out you have to park the longer the walk to even get to the hiking trail. So it basically adds another half mile or even a mile more to how far you are hiking/walking. Which is not a huge deal. HOWEVER when you cant find a spot in ANY of the parking areas and then FINALLY find one only to have someone tell you they are "saving" it and try to intimidate you into not parking there it's pretty frustrating and aggravating! So the man eventually moved and we parked and went hiking. Although, by this point, we were so aggravated the hike wasnt even really enjoyable and we spent the whole hike wondering and worrying that they were mad enough to do something to our vehicle after we walked away since they stayed around their vehicle waiting for the rest of their group. So were we in the wrong? Or were they in the wrong? Who was not being "cordial"?