I'm wondering if I have any rights here, I dont think I do but I'm very afraid. Please dont judge me or blame me...... from January-March 2018 I was a model for a website under a different name. There was a man on that website (strangely enough his username had "crazyguy" in it) that I had brief contact with, maybe exchanged a few lines. I had blocked him shortly after for persistently trying to meet me. He would then create different usernames and contact me and I'd block. I displayed my artwork in my modeling profile. He google reversed it and found my real name and facebook profile. He sent me a friend request and message saying who he was and that it could be either really creepy or awesome. I said I do not know you. Do not contact me again. And blocked. Since then, this man has friend requested me 4 times from profiles he created after I blocked other ones. I changed my facebook settings so no one can request me. Then he started popping up in my "message requests" saying "hey" under a new profile, then I'd immediately block. It happened again 2 months ago and this morning. I am very freaked out and disturbed with how persistent they are after all these years when there was no relationship or barely any contact. I dont think he knows where I live, but I dont know what else he is capable of.. I'm starting to think this is related: this time last year I confronted them to stop contacted me after 6 months of following me and messaging me on INSTAGRAM, but on my public page for my BUSINESS!!! I would block right away cause something just knew something was wrong. It was a diff name then the facebook guy, but they had no followers, no photo and only followed me. I'd block and they would immediately make a new one under the same name but like rearranging numbers and crap. Then theyd do it all over again. I have records, screen shots. I'm having a panic attack and just scared and annoyed and feel like I'm being watched. My family contacts me on my business page photos so I'm worried he would start contacting them or something. I dont know why someone would think this is okay, what their intention is or if they literally cant control themselves???? Its very disturbing. Anyways, is there ANYTHING I can do? Should I warn him?