So this happened a few years ago. It shouldn't still bother me but I've been bedridden since the incident and it gives you a lot of time to think about it. I'm going to over explain things but only because the context is important, not because im trying to play the victim. Anyways, I had this friend whom I met in my first year of community college. At first, she was fun, carefree and nice. I started hanging out with her a lot, driving her to and from school, so she didn't have to take public transport, bought her food all the time, etc. Basically I was her sugar momma and it doesn't help that I had a MAJOR crush on her. When I first met her mom she warned me that this girl was a handful and incredibly manipulative. My (ex) friend had told me that her mom was a heavy drinker and emotionally abusive, so I didn't take much stock in it. Boy was I wrong. After a while she started expecting me to drive her places, demanding I buy her food and clothes (if I said no or gave her a spending limit she would treat me like I was useless) and she would take whatever things of mine she wanted without asking. I still havent gotten my favorite dress back. She acted like I was made out of money even though I am on SSI too. More on that later. I found out after not very long that she had borderline personality disorder but I still dont think people who have BPD are inherently bad people like many think. She knew I had a huge crush on her so she would use my feelings as a way to get things (I realized this too late). For example, she was my first real kiss and it was after I spent a good chunk of what little money I had on her. SHe would toy around with my emotions and I obliged like a little puppy. Once I started to realize how depressed I was getting when around her, I tried to break off our friendship. I was starting to get really sick and all she did was take and didnt care that I was running myself ragged to appease her. I literally almost died right after this whole ordeal and it was because the stress just made my health worse. Every time I tried to break things off she would call my mom up and talk about how mean I was being mean and trying to break things off or have her mom call my mom and my mom would always take her side. Perks of having a mom who chose my abusive dad over me, abusive friends over me and slimy bf's over me. It drove me nuts because (come on we are fucking 18 years old we dont need our mommas) but every time she got my mom involved my mom would treat me poorly until I cracked and went back to being friends with her. There is a lot more I could go on about but Im just going to skip to the end. She had a sister. A sister who she constantly complained about and vice versa. Her sister was very similar, needy but still much nicer. She had a husband and a son and lived separately from my "friend" and they werent super close. I was at my wits end emotionally and physically and I just wanted to be DONE. I was tired. Her sister was trying to get me to do something for her and being very manipulative, so I just snapped and said "I cant handle you driving me nuts like \_\_\_\_. Im so exhausted. Just dont act like her. I cant handle it". I regret what I said but I dont think I deserved the fallout. Basically her sister told the "friend", her friend told their mom and their mom left a super nasty voicemail using all my trauma and reasons of depression against me and ended it with "this is why everyone hates you". Her mother! Thats not including the nasty texts I got from the whole family. What they said has still really affected me to this day and I cant help but constantly second guess myself and wonder if everyone really hates me and if its my fault. It doesnt help that I have a lot of health problems, am bedridden and severely depressed. I cant stop thinking about it even after all these years I wasn't perfect in the relationship but everything "harsh" I said before that last statement was me trying to keep her safe, stop using drugs, to go back on her meds, stop having unprotected sex with seedy guys, be able to keep her SSI by telling her its stupid to announce that you and your mom are on SSI and working in front of a crowd of people, etc. Maybe my delivery was bad sometimes but she would really just do crazy and irrational things and I just wanted her safe. Anyways, PLEASE help me get over this hump and just tell me, AITA? Even if I was the asshole, I just need to know so I can move on. The AITA community is restricted so Im asking here. Sorry for the  long winded explanation.