Okay so I'm working at a construction company right now. The guy who owns the company is good friends with my dad, he's a multi millionaire and me and my family are poor proletariat. The owner is a recovering alcoholic, just like me. I went to rehab in october of 2019 and bounced around homeless for a while afterwards until the owner, I'll call him B, gave me this job as a favor to help me get back on my feet. The job is horrible grueling work, horrible horrible crawling under muddy wet crawlspaces digging by hand with shovels in the most awkward positions, in 2-3 feet high spaces, crawling on your hands and knees through the mud. I have dont manual labor work my whole life as the son of a contractor, but I must admit I am a photographer and videographer as my main career aspiration. I am also frail and also more feminine than most guys, and manual labor is definitely not for me. However, I feel like I must work this position as a right of passage to a better one. B, the owner, told me he would fast track me to a position filming and editing advertising for the company if I would work manual labor for a while and learn the ins and outs of the job. He said in 12 months time I could be making 6 figures, which is unimaginable for a proletariat like me. I cant even fathom that kind of money. I know I should push through this horrible work to get in a position that I want to be in and that pays well. But I hate this manual labor so bad. I hate it so fucking much. 60+ hour work weeks, 12-14 hour days and it's all I can do to make it through the day without collapsing from physical exhaustion or bust into tears from pure agony. I cry on the way to work, and I staight up stopped going two weeks ago because i physically could not make myself go no matter how hard I tried. Should I just fucking quit and become a camboy to pay the bills again and just try to find another way to break into the video industry? I already have 6+ years of experience filming wedding and music videos. I have a decently impressive film reel and the skills and equipment to market myself. I currently live in Alabama, where theres not much opportunity for film industry, but I have dreams of leaving this state and moving to Vancouver or Oregon or somewhere else with access to film jobs. I just dont know what to do, stick it out and hold out for the better day, or just quit now and save myself this horrible anguish to make myself happier? Help please