I presume that more than a few historians in this subreddit are familiar with Nietzsche's extremely influential notions of Apollonian and Dionysian. (They were after all one of his most enduring contributions to philosophy.) Upon reading his firstborn The Birth of Tragedy, one would feel reasonably justified in seeing the two notions loosely mapping to Freud's more famous notions of life and death drive. Indeed, Nietzsche offers a certain primacy to Dionysian, the same way late Freud does to death drive, in a move which shocked many of his most ardent followers, let alone general public. Nevertheless, upon further acquaintance with Nietzsche (and Freud, mind you), it is increasingly clear that no matter how strikingly similar their respective philosophies of drive/desire/will (or should one say meta-psychologies) are in many a respect, their overall outlook is decidedly different. Nietzsche would accuse Freud of being ahistorical and blind to the profound historical catastrophe brought about by the victory of slave morality, and Freud would probably for his part accuse Nietzsche of wishful thinking: I am saying it how it is, unlike you who try to endow Man with loftiness and vitalism of which he knows not. You are way too smart and profound to sincerely believe in that wasteful and creative desire stemming from superabundance and inner loftiness. It is precisely this point of contention that has preoccupied my thoughts for quite some time. While I wish I could side with Nietzsche, I cannot help but consider Freud's account more in accordance with the state of things. But then again, my impressions may be rather skewed due to me being a human of late capitalism. Which brings me to my question. The late Nietzsche effectively and decisively moved away from his early artist's metaphysics to naturalism and Apollo had vanished from his writings. The opposition between the two is merely dialectical, it was always Dionysian monism and nothing else. He writes (I'm quoting from memory): Saying Yes to Life even in its strangest and hardest problems, the will to Life rejoicing in its inexhaustability even in the sacrifice of its highest types, that is what I called Dionysian, that is what I guessed to be the bridge towards the psychology of the tragic poet. Not in order to be liberated from terror and pity [...] but in order to be oneself the eternal joy of becoming. Dionysian now stands for, how should I put it, the indestructibility of life and world-affirming, rapturous superabundance which cannot help but squander itself in excesses. Was he projecting onto Greeks something which had never been there in the first place or was his legendary intuition onto something remarkable?