I always had some social anxiety and depression issues. My real dad left my life when I was young and lived in jersey and moved in Indiana when I was like 7. Everyone would tell me that I would be really quiet and not say a word for weeks when I was little. Anywho I guess I kinda got bullied in middle school and by family members talkin down on me. so I know I did end up having social anxiety and insecure. In highschool I ended up going to a philologist and they diagnosed me with major depression disorder, social anxiety and general anxiety disorder, and ADHD and they had me on meds and going to therapy. After a few months I changed into a great person. The person I wish I was today.. I was a high school student with amazing grades and was very popular, I was on the football team and had a big heart and so many friends and I could actually trust people. My senior year. Me and my close friends got into arguments and fell off and disconnected. All of my friends dropped out and started getting arrested. And I had a girlfriend in highschool but we were very toxic and I got cheated on. Basically I lost my friends, my first gf, and I didn’t have anyone. So after I graduated I stayed to myself and isolated myself for about a year and half. During all of this I went back to being extremely depressed and suicidal and completely lost all social skills and I never wanted to trust anyone agian. I just went to work / college and stayed in my room. Couple months ago I seen My old friends That I used to be real close with and we decided to hang and smoke. They ended up apologizing to me for accusing me for something I didn’t do and sorry for breaking my trust. and my ex ended up apologizing to me too. I was really nothing but good to all of them. Anywho me and my friends reunited. And I found it so hard to socialize agian. I have so many thoughts racing in my head thinking “what if” and really paranoid and worried about what people think about me. I’ve been trying so hard to not care what people think and stop the racing thoughts but it just happens. I don’t see a therapist no more but I’ve been meditating and working out. I hate thinking like this cuz I know it doesn’t matter what people think but my brain automatically does it and it drives me insane. And I feel like I can’t even think straight and function. Things turn awkward and I don’t know what to say or start conversations. It’s really hard for me to open up. I used to be extemely outgoing and goofy. Like a class clown but at same time had my shit together and was respectful and helpful. I graduated 2 years ago and wonder if anyone goes through this? Losing friends, trying to find your purpose, being really lonely. I can’t even tell if I’m doing good in life. Feels like my life been on pause for 2-3 years and I just now woke up. All my “friends” say I’m the smartest out the group and that I’m only one to graduate. And even go to college. I did meet a girl but we just fucked and never talked to each other agian. And my ex did apologize but I don’t care bout that. I forgive her and friends. It took me forever to forgive them and I finally did. I just feel like I’m stuck with the damage and emotionally numb. I just miss when there was no drama between my family and Friends. And I was always laughing and happy. I’ve been suicidal in the past but have been thinking recently. Not as bad but afraid it’s gonna get worse. I’ve been my hyper happy self a few times but then it just goes back down to me being down. I feel so empty and wake up everyday. Thinking if life is even real. And what’s meaning of life. Life doesn’t even feel real. Like I don’t even know what I’m going through. I haven’t told anyone how I feel so I’m on here saying how I feel. I would just do anything to get my old happy self back. Because was the best version of me. My mind is Fr my worst enemy. Because all it does is talk down on myself. And make me feel like I can read peoples minds on what they think about me. I want to be able to trust people agian. I want to be the very social and confident person I once was. And not have all these negative thoughts. My future plan and goal this year is to get my real estate license but Idek. I live with my mom and she’s trying to flip the house and have us move to Florida in like August 2021. I feel like I really want to move and start completely fresh and meet new people and start on my career there. But I really need to fix myself.