I have no idea how to start this except that I am a 22 year old male, who is addicted to weed, I want to stop but I feel like life is so boring and that I am an irritated angry person without it. I am also a Christian who is trying to get closer with God. Born and raised in a broken Christian home. I am seeking therapy because I am ready to start talking about myself more.. I have no idea where to start, but letting go of this substance I feel will give me more control over my life and my mental health. I am on 10mg of escitalopram (lexapro) and have been on SSRIs for some 5 years now. I was given an ultimatum by my mother at the time to either seek help or live with my dad. I ended up getting help but after cutting off medication a month after getting on them, I decided to live with my father. From here I began experimenting with cough medicine (dxm) and it became an almost daily endeavor for me for a few months. I ruined three relationships with good women because of my anger and mental health issues. I was smoking weed since 16 or so, and can't help but notice my irritability when I am without the drug. It is taking me forever and a day to notice my own behaviour patterns, but I am so glad I am "waking up" i love my mom but I have some unresolved issues with her somehow that come up as ignorance in me speaking with her. My father and I somewhat made peace before his passing a year and a half ago. I could have sworn he had a stroke but the doctors declined that thought. Over the course of about 6 months my dad completely changed into a scared fragile and fraille shell of a man. He was only 63 or so when he passed, but he was plagued with alcohol addiction and being an ass hole to people he loved throughout his life. I do not want this to be my life, but I know I can't escape genetics and Its only nature to have some of these traits being his son. I do think of how badly I treated my dad when he was alive, but it's hard to come to terms with how I behaved because I was so confused and lies were my childhood. I was taught by my mom that lying was bad unless it saved time and saved a fight. My dad always hated liars and thieves and used an old fashioned way of discipline his father used, and tainted by alcahol he was verbally abusive and physically abusive at lots of times. I find it confusing to talk about my own life because I feel like I don't know the truth of many things that happened because I was "saved by the lie" my dad always trash talked my mom in the nastiest way (name calling yelling swearing throwing etc.) and my mom never talked badly about him besides telling me that there is/was something wrong with him. He never sought after mental help, as the bottle of jack was his counsellor. I'm very argumentative, defensive and irritable. I do not like the person I am, I do not like the way I treat my mom, or the way I treated my ex girlfriends. The only thing in my life that I know is true is God. This probably seems like the most jumbled nonsense to everybody out here but unfortunately this is the only way I can convey things, in a form of verbal salad. I started working out at age 16 aswell, and got serious about the guitar and drums at that age. I love music and could not imagine life without it. I have my dad to thank for getting me into rock and roll. I have my mom to thank me for getting into country. Nobody in my family plays music or has a musical bone. After my last breakup (August 2019)i stopped eating good, I stopped working out, and I play less music. I was so happy with her but I treated her badly. I need a lot of help if I am ever to be in a healthy relationship I understand, I just hope I am not going to die alone like my dad did.