This will be lengthy, but I will get to my question at the end...I have not been dishonest in my short history with an active account. Obviously, you're welcome to look through my post history. I am a Sanders supporter, I'll be voting for him, I am a moderate. The narrative that most other Sanders supporters deny, and that I believe, is that there is a very real problem for the campaign stemming from the 'tone' of some of his supporters. This, in my belief, is produced by a very small number of over enthusiastic, misguided supporters, and rogue surrogates. But many of them happen to be some of the most active and loudest... This is not isolated to Sanders' campaign, assholes will be found in support of any candidate. That said, Sanders' campaign and supporters are unfortunate enough to be an exceptionally difficult movement on which to build substantiative criticism by his opposition. We also live in a time of rampant misinformation. Combine that with isolated, and most often speculative, reports of riled Sanders supporters behaving or speaking in negative ways and, for a media and opposition with little less to go on, those isolated incidents become disproportionately highlighted and exaggerated. While I have personally witnessed and engaged in more negative interactions and conversations with Sanders supporters than I would care to remember I recognize this as an isolated issue in reality, relative to any other campaign. But, this is an issue that isn't going to go away on its own; this real or perceived issue is going to be one of the hardest issues to counter come the general election... I preach proactive condemnation by Sanders supporters, especially online, of any other supporter that loses their inside voice. Might not be fair, but that's what we're gonna be at war with. The resilient exercise of patience in discussion; the importance to remember to engage and not attack, are the burdens Sanders supporters must adopt in order to overcome this 'tone' narrative, otherwise it will be further weaponized against Bernie himself.... Because I have yet to witness that proactive and mindful approach take root I have spent, likely more time and effort than necessary, condemning these 'radicals'  in conversation with other moderates. I make it a point to mention they don't represent Bernie or his movement or the vast majority of his supporters. But I share, honestly, that I myself perceive the problem and that I wish other Sanders supporters would acknowledge it as well... That is, essentially, my only legitimate frustration as a Bernie supporter.... Almost to my question. I engage with moderates, I confirm that there are dicks in Bernie's ranks, that I have experienced them plenty, it frustrates me, and that I am further frustrated by the dismissal and/or outright denial of the situation by supporters at-large. In my opinion I am setting the tone for other moderates to likewise recognize a 'tone' they are uncomfortable with but to vote the candidate, the policy, the principle, and not on a possibly fabricated cacophany of negativity... So my question. Do you believe my efforts will prove fruitless, harmful, or are misguided? Also, constructive criticism is welcome, to improve my chances of courting other moderates to adopt a coalition with a movement they are so far apprehensive to accept.