let me start off with a few things, im 19(f) from south florida with no serious health conditions. at first i was soley scared from my grandma (65) that i live with that has hypertension and asthma. but ive been sick for about 3-4 weeks now. ever since my grandma and cousin (that spends a lot of time at my house) caught a bad case of influenza A. they seemed to recover good, but i havnt been 100% since. i never got sick like them, but when they got sick i did start to develop body aches and and dry cough. my symptoms would go in and out and each day there was something new. i got a sore throat, than sneezing, heat intolerance (when im normally cold when others are hot) i was way more lethargic and had a terrible headache that felt like cotton filled my whole skull for about over a week. then the dreaded shortness of breathe and chest tightness started. i was self breathing and my heart was beating VERY quickly and quite hard. i passed it off as anxiety, all of these symptoms i passed off as something else actually. but a few nights ago my body shut down a little(?) i was EXHAUSTED from the moment i woke up, and then proceeded to feel worse and worse throughout the day. eventually i started to complain to my boyfriend about stomach pain, i had only eaten ceral late that morning because of it and it was now 5pm. i kept going to the bathroom and started to get diarrhea. i started to feel emtional for some reason, tearing up at seemingly nothing. my boyfriend thought it was best to go to the MD Now Urgent Care across the street from us. they checked my temp and blood pressure amd just told me i had a stomach bug and to let it run its course. the second i made it home, i was in for a night of vomiting every 15 minutes until 2am. not to get graphic but my throw up has never burned so much or smelt so bad and ive had a history of throwing up as a child. i fell asleep finally and woke up to a lot less pain and discomfort but it wad definitely still there. i tried to take it easy and sleep all day, but around 4pm i just couldnt sleep anymore but i still felt.. so tired. my stomach and now back was killing me. i couldn't stand up straight for now more than 24 hrs, enough is enough, i went to the hospital. they put me on fluids because i was EXTREMELY dehydrated and gabe me some nausea medicine and told me ill be fine. but the entire time they avidly ignored me talking about my increased chest pain and shortness of breath for 3 weeks. NOW for the reason im becoming worried for my health; my entire life my parents smoked cigarettes around me often, and as of the past year ive smoked marathon pretty heavily, mainly to reduce ibs discomfort ive been so scared to smoke so ive slowed down a lot but honestly i just feel terrible while not high especially now. i feel sick and uneasy. i went back to a different hospital after seeing my primary the day after my first ER visit (because my primary pointed out how unwell i look and sent me to the ER again) after better, but not great treatment, i felt considerably better said from the emotional aspect. at some point in my hospital bed i freaked out hard. not sure why and ive never felt like that before, i made sure not to cause attention to myself but i was crying and shaking all of a sudden. its the next day and i feel.. iffy. im feeling the worst chest pain yet so far and my stomach isnt back to normal completely. should i cold turkey stop smoking weed..? btw. i have been trying to be super clean for weeks now