I am a student who will graduate this year and get a Bachelors of Engineering in Information Technology from the University of Mumbai. In the four years of engineering, I could get a good grasp on the theoretical concepts of computer science. I really enjoyed learning about OS and Databases etc. But I haven't really done any good programming, all the projects that I did were mostly a rip off.. taking code from various websites and tweaking them to get things done. So I feel that I don't have any real skills with which I can even get an internship. The existential crisis happened when I was going through linkedin and I saw dozens of people having internships and work exp and a lot of credibility. I had applied for a masters degree in the US and got admits from Good universities and I was supposed to study on campus from this fall i.e The fall of 2020. But due to the corona thing it has probably been delayed. So I started solving problems on hackerrank and I've got a 4 stars. But I have 0 confidence that I'll ever be able to get an internship. I am scared about what will happen when I join grad school, will I be able to cope up with the pace etc. Will get my skills upto date and get an internship there. Its soo bad that I just get paralysed by the thought of it. Being a good programmer, being able to solve problems is what I really want to do. Be good at this skill, but now I think Its too late and I've wasted a lot of time and Everybody is ahead of me. I am on the bottom of the food chain. If someone gives me advice, I think that this person already is ahead of me and how will I ever be able to be soo good at this. And I just get depressed an disturbed about it. I wanna be successful and good and get a good internship, good job. I am also doing a python course on udemy and it has 2 big projects one where we have to make a black jack game and I have no clue how to start with the game and that makes me miserable. Like there is an internal fight going on.. I wish it wouldn't be this hard, and I could feel good about myself, that I also can do this and make it big. Please shower your advice so that I can change my perspective and get better at this.