So, I’ve been dealing with a myriad of health issues since November 2019. It started after my bf and I binged on greasy food and smoked a ton of weed. The day after that happened, I started to get what I can only describe as a tightness around my chest, abdomen, and back, with some pains. I went to the ER and they said I had IBS. My stomach was apparently overactive and they gave me meds for stomach spasms. I didn’t feel better and the next day I was back in the ER. The ER did a CT scan and found a cyst in my left ovary (I get these a lot) and inflammation in the lower lining of my lungs. They gave me meds for my lungs but my primary doc said I did not need to take them because I had no wheezing, no fever, and my lungs sounded fine. I also noticed that the CT saw a cyst in my liver that I was never told about. I told my doc and he said it was so tiny that he wasn’t concerned. After that, I had an abdominal ultrasound and the cyst could not be seen. Instead, I was told I had a gallstone. I followed up and was told I didn’t need surgery to remove my gallbladder, however. My gastroenterologist diagnosed me with gastritis. My ENT said I have silent reflux. My endocrinologist found my prolactin very high and a sex hormone low, so he wants me to get a brain MRI to see if I have a prolactinoma. I am also scheduled for a HIDA scan this week for my gallbladder and liver. In addition, I have been going to electro stimulation therapy for herniated neck discs. My rheumatologist said I have fibromyalgia and a Vitamin D deficiency. Moreover, my rheumatoid arthritis factor is rather high but not “concerningly” high. Some of the symptoms I’ve had include muscle twitches/cramps, bloating, random abdominal pains, bones cracking a lot, joint pain, swollen legs and feet, visual disturbances/blurry/double vision, heat sensitivity, cold sensitivity, fatigue, trouble sleeping, night sweats, reflux, fluctuating bowel movements, back pain, sinus issues, allergies, headaches, dizziness, skin changes like darker skin colors or red areas/spots after showers, ear ringing/clogging, heart palpitations, mood swings, bouts of crying. I take Effexor, Trifluoperazine, and Clonazepam as needed for anxiety and depression. I also take Pepcid and Vitamin D. Occasionally, I take CBD. I go to talk therapy. I have seen an alt medicine doctor, a chiropractor,  and I’ve participated in reiki circles. I try to exercise to some degree but I haven’t been back to my normal exercising regimen since November. I also lost weight fairly quickly and I’m trying to gain now. I have cut out beef, chicken, dairy, and now gluten. I have had normal EKGs and tested negative for H Pylori. I know nobody on here can diagnose but, thoughts?