I am a 34 year old male, 5ft11, 170 pounds, Caucasian, periodic marijuana user and infrequent social drinker. I have suffered from occasional panic attacks for most of my life. The first one I ever experienced happened at 11 years old. I never realized what they were until my mid-twenties (I just assumed that I was suddenly getting ill, or having sudden drops in blood sugar). I even went to the doctor after passing out from an attack in high school and the doc told me it was because I hadn’t eaten breakfast that day. The frequency of the attacks are roughly every 2 or 3 months, although there have been periods of my life when the occurrences were more frequent. I have been prescribed Hydroxyzine in the past, but it didn’t really help. I’ve also seen a handful of therapists for talk therapy and I have found that somewhat helpful, but the only thing I have used that really works is Xanax. For the past 5 years I have been getting Xanax from a friend, and just simply having it keeps me from having panic attacks. Ninety percent of the time I don’t even need to take the Xanax, just knowing that I have it as an option keeps my anxiety down. I will often go weeks without taking it, but I always keep one pill on me just in case. I commonly suffer from anticipatory anxiety;  being anxious about the possibility of having a panic attack in certain situations. Situations such as getting on an airplane, etc. Frankly I’d be terrified to get on an airplane without any Xanax handy, which is unfortunate considering the amount of traveling I have to do for my job. I want to know how to get a prescription for Xanax to avoid any potential legal consequences that could occur as a result of me possessing it without a prescription. I don’t want to have to worry about flying with it etc. I understand it is a controlled substance with a high potential for abuse, but I’ve never been inclined to abuse it. I have always used it responsibly and as intended. It has been a very effective coping mechanism for my panic disorder. How do I ask a psychiatrist or doctor to write me a prescription without him/her thinking I’m just there to score drugs? Thanks in advance for any insight you all can provide.