Hello! this is kind of a hard case, apparently. But for years I’ve been going to the doctors and getting multiple different tests for feeling like shit. I just have a boat load of stomach issues including gas which is a big one because sometimes gas gets stuck in me and I can feel it in there and it’s super painful. Usually I digest food really fast and I have a pretty good metabolism for the most part I’m healthy. Last august I weighed roughly 160lbs which was a pretty big weight gain for me as my whole life I’ve been underweight, around 110lbs. Within three months I lost 50lbs. Which I do believe is part of walking regularly and because I stopped drinking soda. I also didn’t eat that much during that time. But I ate enough to keep a healthy weight. I have a lot of problems with my bowel movements as sometimes I’ll be constipated for days, sometimes they’ll be perfectly normal, and other times, like today, I experience horrible diarrhea. This has been going on for years and I’ve always been told to take fiber, which I do and obviously it doesn’t work. I recently also started to take a colon supplement to help with my bowel movements because they’ve been whack lately. About a year or two ago my uterus started acting up as well. I’m not a very sexually active person just because it hurts and I’m just not that into casual sex. My periods used to last eight days and be heavy every single day, two years ago that changed. My periods now last three days, sometimes it’ll spice up and be four days, and every day of the period is super light. So it was quite a drastic change for me. I also recently (within the last two months) just started spotting which I’ve never done before so it’s not normal for me. Some of the pain I experience is like a tearing pain, it feels like my uterus or ovaries are just ripping apart sometimes. My uterus never doesn’t hurt it always feels so heavy and just like there’s a lot of pressure on it. So I went to the OB to get checked out for the pain and changes I’ve had. She scheduled me a pelvic ultrasound and they found nothing wrong. The weird part is I thought the insertion of the wand would hurt but it didn’t the only thing that hurt was the outer ultrasound. The pressure she put on my uterus was so painful. And all of this just seems like it would be IBS or endometriosis it they’ve completely canceled those out. It sucks wasting money on all of these tests just to be told nothing is wrong and then go home and take the medicine I’m supposed to take and then have it not work. I just don’t know what to do at this point.