I (22f) have a really hard time eating. I’m about 115, 5’9. I socially drink but never more than a glass of wine a night. I hardly use recreational drugs and I take no medications. The pain from being hungry gets so bad to the point I’ll start shaking, dry heaving and on the ground crying from the pain of being so hungry but I can not eat. I’ll feel my stomach growl, understand I’m hungry and just not be able to eat. And when I do finally force myself to eat it’s like everything in my body is trying to stop the food from going down. I’d say it’s the feeling comparable to eating too much and you’re chewing that one last bite. My body is screaming no, it’s difficult to chew, difficult to swallow. Sometimes it gets so hard I have to just spit the food out, my body fights it so much. There are also certain foods I used to be able to eat and I loved and for the past 3 years eating a bite sends me into a violent sickness almost immediately. The only thing that helps me eat is marijuana though I don’t smoke everyday, maybe once a month. But that’s the only time I notice I can eat without pain or forcing myself to. I also can’t stomach many liquids or I wouldn’t really care too much about not being able to eat. When I saw my dr about this she said I wasn’t losing enough weight (more on that) so I should try meal replacement smoothies. I tried it, they made me sick. Where most people can drink half a water bottle, I can drink maybe 1/4 before I start throwing up. I’ve gone to a therapist, I’ve tried exercising more, cutting out meats and dairies, only eating organic, yoga,vitamins, and supplements, I’ve tried going to the doctor, I told her about this issue while I was pregnant and hadn’t seen her since about 3 years prior. So of course my weight was going up I had an appetite but before my child was born and after she was born the exact same symptoms. When I was pregnant, I could eat for the most part. After my daughter I did okay for about 3 months then I couldn’t eat anymore. I’ve tried returning to the dr and she just keeps telling me “oh I wish I had that problem” and making light of it and not taking me seriously. I’m tired of feeling sick and drained and it cuts into every part of my life, passing out at work and unable to enjoy family time. Any advice would be amazing!