So I have had this chronic issue since I was 17 and NO ONE, not one doctor including specialists like neurologist and rheumatologists have been able to formally diagnose me. So when I was 17, I began to have issues with my TMJ and I started experiencing muscle twitching(fasciculations) in different muscle groups(masseter, legs, arms,). My muscles would just randomly twitch and the twitching becomes worse when I use them for example: When I smile, my masseter twitches ALOT. It wasn’t too bad when symptoms started but it has slowly progressed throughout the years and the twitching is near unbearable now. The TMJ has also progressed alongside the twitching and my jaw makes a lot of noise now (crepitus). It just sounds like a rope tearing apart everytime I open my mouth. I have had a world of blood tests done by specialists and the only thing that has ever come back positive were certain antibodies for sjrogen’s syndrome(which I do not express any symptoms of) so my rheumatologist believes this may be a cross-reactive blood test to another autoimmune condition which is undefined at the moment. I’ve also been tested for Lyme Disease(several times).Western Blot came back with 1 positive band 41 ( and 2 bands positive on subsequent tests) but ive never been bitten by a tick(that I know of) and I don’t live in an endemic area plus the ELISA was negative so doctors think Lyme is unlikely. I have also taken doxycycline for acne which should treat the lyme if i did have it but it has never had an effect on my symptoms . I’ve had EMGs done by neurologists which have come back clear, Brain and cervical spine MRIs with and without contrast which have come back clear. Allergy tests which have come back clear. Auto-antibody tests for isaac’s syndrome and a slew of other antibodies which have all come back negative. The only other test I can think of that I’ve never had is a chest MRI to check for a thymoma since that can potentially cause issues with muscles. The twitching has kept progressing now for the last 9 years and what started off as a mild inconvenience  has now turned near unbearable(frequency of twitching and intensity of twitching has risen ALOT). The twitching is very visible and persistent in all muscles (masseter in jaw, legs, arms,) but ive never had any muscle weakness at all and my TMJ issues have also gotten way worse(Alot more crepitus now) and has progressed alongside the muscle twitching issues. I am certain both of the issues(TMJ and widespread muscle twitching are related since both symptoms had same time of onset and have worsened simultaneously throughout the years). I’m wondering what other tests can be done to uncover this mess of progressing symptoms that I have been dealing with for 9 years now and does it sound likely to be an autoimmune issue? (since the arthritis/TMJ can be caused by the immune system inflaming my jaw joint and we see muscle twitching in isaac’s syndrome which causes diffuse muscle twitching pretty similar to my case despite my seronegative status for isaac’s syndrome antibodies) ?