Hi i dont have or even,know anyone wifh did. A couple weeks afo I found a video on youtube from a person i watcg called special boks by spexial kids,and,i saw a couple thar have did and I realized that it use to be called mulitple personality disorser and i know it gets alot of stigma against it. I watched their video and,then,went to the one girls personal yiutibe channel and,watched some of her vids. Im not going to say i think people who have it are intetesting im just intereted un understanding how people with did "s brain works. I have autism, a slight intlectual disabilty and ptsd and would like to work wirh both people with soecial needs and,mentall ilneses. Is it ok for yall if i have questiosn or if i want to explain how i think the brain works cause im a visual and hands on learneer and so i really try to break down how the insides work. Like so far the best way i understand DID and i actually asked my jnhome therapist this yestetday and she helped ke understand part of it cause shes a psychology major. But from whay i think i understand that she explaines thst some children thst went through something truamatic that rheir brain compartmentlizes it and creates these alters to protecr them. Then after watchint the persons youtube channel i noticed that some of her alters strugfle with different things than other alters. One of her alters seemed to really struggle wifh depression. Another one seemed to strugfle with anxiety. One seemed to have ocd. Stuff that like. So taking what j know about myself ie thet autism just neans that my brain wired differntly than typival peoples did. So does that kund of hapoen for each alter. Like do peoples brain rewires for that alter that gives them a whole diffe re nt type of perwonaltu and voice and thought process. Its like each alter is a person themself. Like one person can have multiple people at once and each persoj is different. Do these alters do specific things for the person? Im sorry if hownim wording thighs sound offensive. Im really not tryint to be. I just want to understand better. Also i jisy saw another vid by a girl name Trisha......really sorry to yall that she posted that. I dont know anyrhing aboht did bit i know thats not it and everything she said was offensives. I hope her vid gets taken down.