Hi! I’m a 26 years old male from Italy, currently quarantined so unable to get any medical help whatsoever, also I admit I’ve been really lazy and dismissive of my problems for the last couple of years, I’ll get to it as quickly as I can, thanks a lot for listening and I hope you’ll be able to tell me anything that might help me! Back in 2016 I was in an abusive relationship for a couple of years, my boyfriend would use physical violence on me a lot, ranging from punches on my arms/shoulder/belly/legs to being choked or biten and all sorts of terrible things. I would be sore and have bruises all over my body for a lot of time. This continued till 2018 something (started in the end of 2014). I know I shouldn’t have ever endured all of this, also I’m sorry if I’m bringing this up but maybe it might help knowing my body had several traumas for years. Also there is a pattern here of me being completely dismissive of my health and it comes from a lot of childhood trauma and sadness that made me completely stop caring about what others did to me and that I let my health go unchecked for so long. I now realize all of this and I want to get help (if it wasn’t for this dreadful pandemic going on). I brought 2016 up earlier ‘cause that’s when I had some self harm issues related to the physical and mental abuse I was receiving. One time at the end of that year I cut myself, it wasn’t deep cuts at all, I have no scars of that but it did get infected and my whole arm got swollen and I got a bad allergic reaction, called my dermatologist that told me I had impetiginous eczema (whatever that is) from those wounds and prescribed me some stuff and it completely healed. I told you this story and the physical violence ones ‘cause that’s when my health started going downhill (they could be completely unrelated tho). By the end of 2017 I started developing all kinds of weird symptoms, like burning feelings all over my body, stabbing pains in my head and fatigue. Now since the end of 2017 these symptoms comes and goes and sometimes they’re more severe, sometimes they’re different, sometimes they’re barely there, most times they’re there. They can disappear from weeks or like 1-2 months and then come back. In this precise moment I’m having a lot of them, resembling a “flare up” that I had this past November. A feeling of my skin being pinched, itchyness, burning feeling, stabbing pains in my head that last between 1-2 seconds to like a bit more, it comes and goes throughout the day. Also have these sudden ringing in my ear since 2017 that last like seconds and they come and go like all those other symptoms. I also need to discloure I have some sort of bowel issues, somethint like ibs, I can menage that by avoiding food that makes me feel sick like dairy that I have an intolerance for and also acid reflux issues (also these symptoms started with everything else too, basically it’s like one year my body just got a shit tons of different symptoms all of a sudden). Also some sort of sleeping apne maybe, everyone I know that heard me sleeping says I sometimes stop breathing for some seconds, I had this for a lot of years, since I was a child maybe, that’s what my mom says. They removed my adenoids when I was little but unfortunately (with my great luck) they came back, also my tonsils are like... huge. But my doctors didn’t want to remove them when I was little, but they’re way bigger than normal people (not sure if they got worse with time). Primarily tho my issues have been burning sensation, stabbing pains in my head and also all over my body, also this pinching feeling. I can literally have them all over my body, they can be in my head, arms, legs, back, shoulder, feet, hands. Everywhere in my body I can feel pain and I can feel burning or weird sensations. It can be mild or more severe. Comes and goes! Sometimes I have chest pain but I attribute that to acid reflux, cause it doesn’t really affect my breathing or makes me feel unwell... they’re just pains. My bpm and spo2 seems to be normal, I have a resting heart rate that ranges from 60 something to 70 something. My spo2 has never been lower than 98% apart from when I had bronchitis some time ago. This is probably not even relevant at all tho. Obviously because of all these pains I developed some anxiety/stress issues, I’m mostly a positive person even tho you would never say it from this post but apart from specific moments I don’t let it get to me and I know for sure these things I’ve been feeling for the past years ain’t normal or anxiety related, that could probably make them worse but trust me sometimes they’re so debilitating that all I can do is sleep and I feel like I’m not myself anymore for the past years. I’ve always been healthy but for the past years I’ve been in a lot of pain, it comes and goes but it’s mostly there. There have been months or weeks where I thought I was getting better but everytime they come back, and lately they’ve been staying a lot. There are other symptoms I experienced but I don’t remember them all. Really sorry for the huge post and I know it’s all over the place and confusing and I repeated myself a lot. Maybe you’ll be able to tell me what I can do once this is over, besides normal routine checks. Like where I could start seeking help, all I can think of is that it could be neurological (since things like burning sensation where my skin can be normal temperature at the touch but I actually feel it burning) this is clearly an invisible illness of some sort, I look ok on the outside but I can be in a huge amount of pain and discomfort, sometimes so severe that makes me cry and feel hopeless. Thank you for listening