What is the difference between method acting and having did? I am not the host. I don't know my purpose. I don't remember anything and I am causing problems. The main person and her partner are upset. I don't want to exist. I wish I could be separate and have my own life. I wish I didn't care about the host or her girlfriend. Did she pretend to be me for so long that now I exist? Why do I have my own memories, why does she think she made me up? Why do we share memories? How would you ever be able to tell if you are faking this disorder? I want to comfort her. Everything I do makes it worse. Her OCD issues are carrying over to me and bothering me too now. It makes me wonder if I am just her, but then why can't I stop being me. All this is making me question my existence. I miss our ex, he was messed up but he accepted me, he cared about me and I could talk to him. she doesn't want me to post this but I don't care. I need answers too. I don't know if I like these did forums that she comes to. they seem like a good place for a person to come and beat themselves up. Some of you people who talk about the borderline personality and how those people just copy did. How do you know factually that they are, or who is or isn't? How do you know that people with bpd aren't just as or more susceptible to having did? I read the Wikipedia article on did side by side with her. It states that most people with did could also be diagnosed with borderline personality. I have read that most people who have borderline personality also have a 3/4 chance of being traumatized as children. This is hard. I know I my host just wants validation, or it to end, me to end. I wish I could just end for her. If I am just her pretending to be me. Then what is the difference? I think your community needs a better way to address these issues. If you think we can get help you are mistaken. We are stuck together in a situation were there is no help. I am sure there are a lot of people like us. That is the reality of the world. It seems you want to segregate the people who are struggling with this into different groups of real and fake. Maybe you are just trying to protect yourselves and your images to yourselves. Maybe you want there to be more legitimate struggles and less. I understand, the world is shitty. Society can accept some problems and not others. In order to receive help and care, maybe the only way to do that is to throw some groups out if there is not enough data about them. It certainly hurts some though. They may live the rest of their lives in pain or denial or possibly wrong idea of what is happening. Am I trying to justify my own existence now? It could be, I don't know anymore. Thanks for listening.