So in the last year or so I started to develop some foot pain- it was only happening when I first got out of bed in the morning- I have bad knees so I was already stiff, but now with my feet I'm walking like I'm in my 90's (I can confirm this because I watched my 91 year old grandfather walk and I'm almost worse(I'm only 32).  The pain went a way for months, until the stay at home orders came and I found myself able to fit exercise back into my schedule.  I started at 235lbs(I'm 5'8" with Narcolepsy my weight is pretty closely tied to the condition), I'm down to 210lbs, exercising every day.  I was exercising barefoot and out of no where the pain came back after losing the 25lbs.  Working out is AWFUL, it feels like Charlie horses in both my feet- no matter what I'm doing.  So I thought maybe I needed to wear shoes so I got a pair and it made my feet hurt more.  Today I was in the shower and sat down to kind of rub my feet to see if I could lessen the pain- suddenly it felt like a knife was being dragged through my foot- I immediately stopped and watched my toes (not the big one) pull up and uncurl and stay stuck up without me moving them at all.  The pain was awful and I eventually gained some control over them and curled my toes- the pain let up a little but not much.  After a few moments I was able to stand again and the pain kind of slipped away.  I can't figure this out.  It seemed to only happen when I weigh 210 lbs- I gain weight it goes away, I'm hoping as I lose more weight it will stop as well.  Is there something I can do to keep this from ruining my life?  I love to  work out- I've been given a chance to stay home and sleep when I need to so I FINALLY have the will to move again and not just drag myself through my life.  I don't want to stop, I want to keep moving and get stronger again but this pain makes me stop and when I stop moving the fatigue hits me like a hammer.  Any help would be appreciated- I'm trying to avoid going to the doctor if I can during this- our county has a lot of cases and our system is already stressed.