This is my second attempt on here to see if I can get any insight into what’s going on with me. As the title says I’m a 37 year old male 180lbs and up until a year ago I’ve been very healthy. 
  About a year ago I started having this pressure/dull aching pain that would start at the bottom of my sternum right at the xiphoid process and would radiate out to the left. It started as something that would come on for a few hours then dissipate. At first it was just annoying not really any concern and would come and go. I would have weeks between flair ups. But eventually my wife insisted I go to the dr about it. So I did. My dr ran a blood work up and sent me to a epigastric specialist. My blood work came back clean except for they found I had Hep C. In my late teens early 20s I was an iv drug user. So that’s where that came from. I’ve been clean for 15 years now. I finished my Hep C treatment on Christmas and I am clear of Hep C now.  But anyway the epigastric dr ordered a EGD and they started me on Mavyret for the Hep c and omeprazole for what they thought was epigastric discomfort. The EGD came back that I have mild gastritis. Everything else was fine. Over the past 3-4 months the pressure and pain has gotten a lot worse it always starts at the same point and radiates out to my left. I know only get a few days of somewhat relief and then it’s back to constant discomfort. I’ve been to the ER 4 times since September due to these issues. It starts at the sternum then it gets to the point where I thought I was having a heart attack. Pain in my left arm tightness in chest, light headed and dizzy feeling. The Drs have given me X rays of my chest they did ekg they did echocardiogram and more bloodwork but they say everything looks normal. But I continue to have these same issues. It’s now to the point where I am getting what feels like burning sensation under my skin across my upper chest and occasional pins and needles throughout the same area and my left shoulder will go numb ( like if your leg or foot fell asleep) for hours. It feels like there is something constantly pressing on my sternum(xiphoid process part)  and I am honestly at my wits end with this. It’s affecting every aspect of my life now and I do t know what to do especially because I can’t get any answers. Every dr and specialist I’ve been to can’t seem to find anything wrong with me.  I’m just hoping I can find some sort of help with this because I just want to be back to normal. Thank you in advance and sorry if this is too long.