Hello. I'm a 21 year old male (145lbs/6ft) from Belgium. A year ago I had a little heart monitor chip placed in my chest. It's about one inch long and 1/4 of and inch wide. It's used to monitor my heart activity since I was experiencing a plethora of symptoms often associated with heart related illnesses. I've done a bunch of testing since then and they found nothing wrong with my heart and attributed the symptoms to  chronic hyperventilation (archaic term for generalized anxiety disorder). But I remember vividly the day I had the chip placed. They used a local anesthetic. It was in this big as syringe and I vaguely recall a warm feeling in my chest area. After the chip was placed and the sutures were applied I was helped up and sat in this chair right outside the operating room. I almost instantly felt EXTREMELY dizzy, disoriented, had no spatial awareness, felt like everything was moving in slow motion, COMPLETELY out of it, blurry vision... It's the absolute worse I'v EVER felt. I was convinced I was going to die. I've had horrible panic attacks before (sober & high) and I can categorically say this was not a panic attack. I told one of the nurses and they put me on this bed and tried to calm me down. Altough I was not panicking but in a rather sedated manner trying to communicate to them what I was feeling. The man who operated on me came out and looked a little worried/addled by the whole thing. When I felt goodish they brought me back to my room. It took a few hours for it to mostly wear off. Now I have to schedule another appointment to get the chip removed. I'm terrified of this happening again. What should I do? Tell them to lower the dose? Should I drink a lot of water? I remember not getting much sleep that day so I'm sure that contributed in a way and I will make certain that doesn't happen again. VERY IMPORTANT: That same day they did a provocative test (injest me with a fluid to provoke the Brugada syndrome) to see if I had Brugada syndrome and it came back negative. I think not too long after they put the chip in. Maybe like 20-30 min? I didn't feel bad after the provocative test and had it done before at a different hospital but they wanted to do it again. Damn I've been typing for a long time but hopefully I can get some input. Thank in advance!