25F posted here before about my long battle with chest pain and GERD. Due to not being able to eat much because of my GERD (I get extremely full feeling off little food, nausea, regurgitation, severe upper left abdominal pain and sharp, pulsating, pressure like pain in the left chest to the left of my sternum and to the left of my left nipple going towards the arm pit) i has lost a significant amount of weight, 46lbs to be exact between the GERD and cutting down on carbs/no soda. I weighed myself yesterday and I had put on a whopping 10lbs. It was on a completely empty stomach, so today I just did the same again empty stomach and I’ve gained another pound on top of that. I’m stumped? My diet hasn’t changed or increased food intake, no other lifestyle changes or emotional stress nothing I can even possibly think of. The only thing I can even bother to mention is last evening when I had an early supper I literally had barely 1/4 of my sub eaten and had to stop, I felt SO full and blown up from the mid upper abdomen and upper body up to my chest. I literally couldn’t move I felt like I had eaten 2 dinners and I had barely eaten my one. There was so much fullness I became short of breath because taking normal or deep breaths put pressure on my stomach and made me nauseous. I also noticed the past few hours my legs look a little swollen, when I push in the only area that I get a dent is in my shins. I’ve had an ongoing issue with pain in my left wrist/elbow which my doctor said was a sprain... this has been going on for 2 years.. and now it’s happening to my right arm. My right knee swelled really bad before Christmas and I was checked for clots and cleared, but since then it’s not the same and flairs up often where it’s hard to walk on. Was told it is over usage when I don’t do anything to over use. But now it’s happening to my left leg mainly at the top of the groin and front of the thigh. I’m so utterly confused. I’ve been tested for what seems like everything. EKG, X-ray of chest, TSH and many others. All that ever comes back is my white blood count is elevated and my inflammation is elevated. I’m truly concerned by the weight gain as I’ve never in my life seen a gain like this, 5 pounds yes if I’m eating crap but I’m not and this is very weird.