Hi all 29m 220lbs here , I'm a bit in a hard situation here and looking for general advice of what to do next. For the past 2 years i have been feeling like absolute crap. It all started with debilitating fatigue followed by depression. Last summer i noticed that i tend to stumble sometimes so i didn't really give to much thought to it. Time passed and my left eye went blurry no pain whatsoever, i attributed to my fatigue and anxiety, 2 years later my eye is aching when i move it. One day, after taking a hot shower i noticed that my color vision was weird, red seemed to be more brownish, more like burgundy. Again i brushed it off and it went away eventually with the blurriness as well. I also noticed that my mind isn't as sharp as it used to, being a engineer i noticed that i became more prone to mistakes during presentations i blanked out always looked for simple words. Few months later i woke up with my left leg completely numb, no biggie just a pinched nerve right? From then on i have been getting numbness in that leg on and off. Facial tension and eyelid twitching followed, which usually lasted few days . My feet starting to "burn" and i started to feel pickling sensations on both legs and arms, like a mist of boiling water sprayed at me. Periodically i surprised myself checking my left sock because it felt wet, which it wasn't. Clumsiness came and spascity that lasted few weeks as well. I visited my GP all the times that i experienced all this and he always found an excuse : stress, anxiety (diagnosed with GAD) , dry eyes, pinched nerve, bruxism, somatic manifestation of depression ... Enough was enough, i went back and asked for a MRI and clearly stated that I want to rule out MS. He sent me for brain MRI which came back clean i suppose since i never got any news. I wanted a spine MRI but he argued that a brain one will be enough and it's a reliable way to rule out ms, i disagreed but being stubborn he insisted. As a shitty GP he told me if nothing found he won't bother calling me. I guess no news is good news, except it isn't : my symptoms are all still there. This week after experiencing severe paresthesia, i called his office to find out that he retired. I have no more family doctor. With the Coronavirus, the health system is overwhelmed and there is absolutely no way seeing a doctor a this point. I'm mad and absolutely lost, maybe i don't have MS but I'm tired feeling like shit and i want my old self. I simply don't know what to do anymore. Thank you for taking the time to read my rant, any input would be appreciated.