Hello, 12F, if that helps. This has happened 2 times, the second time was more mild but I am not having this issue currently. I haven’t gotten a diagnosis for it. The first time, I believe it could have been from a prolonged allergic reaction. I was in Russia, and my cousin got some sort of *fleas* (?) from my grandpas dog (???). So, my head wasn’t itchy. Then my grandma put this shampoo or spray thing on everyone’s scalp just in case we had the *fleas*. After this, my scalp started itching quite bad a few days later. I kept washing my scalp, scrubbing every day, but it didn’t get better. When I got back to the USA, I was prescribed ketoconazole shampoo, which I used, following the instructions. (Note: love was already out of the question) The shampoo helped a little, but after a while (about a few months) the itching just stopped. A few months later, my friend got lice. We did not hang out until it was confirmed that she and her stuff was lice free. Then, I believe this was not placebo, but possibly, but I think it was just a coincidence. My scalp started itching again, but mildly. My parents checked me for lice, but there was clearly none. Both of these times I was in total denial, I was sure my parents were lying and that it was lice. I was especially suspicious as I actually had lice once, which my dad kept denying, until I pulled a literal bug out of my hair after pulling a bunch of my hair out. This made me very paranoid. I really wanted it to be lice because at least then it could be treated. Again I used the shampoo because there was still a lot left. A week or two later the itching stopped. Yes, I do have a history of sensitive skin and eczema on my hands and wrists, but it was gone at the time. My scalp is prone to dandruff, but it never caused itching before. I do not have a dry scalp, it is actually mildly oily. (I know this is weird considering the dandruff). Yes I use anti dandruff shampoo once in a while. So, what I’m looking for is a diagnosis and cause. Thank you docs and nurses!