Hi everyone, my names Andrew I’m 24 and damn my hypochondria has taken over my life for the 6/7 years. Only more recently has it peaked to its maximum. It all started in February, I’d heard a crack in the back of my skull just by getting out of bed, yup cracks and clicks are normal I guess but in my head it ain’t. When I was a young boy I slipped and smashed the back of my skull (external occipital protuberance) off concrete. I never did get it checked out but I was never so bothered by it back then as I was a young boy. Fast forward to my high school and college years and I always remember being aware of it, being aware something didn’t feel quite right but I always just left it as it was. Anyhow as the years went on I’d begin to prod at it but only for maybe a couple of days or so and id forget about it. This is where is begins. February I heard the crack and not a day not an hour not a minute goes by where I’ve not prodded it these last 4 months, I am absolutely convinced 100% that something is wrong with it and that it’s going to kill me soon. For those 4 months I was convinced that it was moving and I could run my finger over the side of it, it would make a physical click. It became a ritual I would have to prod it bottom, right, left, and top 3 times every 5 minutes to make sure it hadn’t changed, but here’s the thing it was changing and I knew it wasn’t my anxiety. I was vomiting 6/7 times a day, my head was in serious pain so I was recommended to go to ER. I go there and I get my bloods I get a CT scan. Comes back fine, I think ok maybe I’m fine then, but no another month on and another month of prodding every day, until last night I was making it click again and again and again until I physically felt like Jesus this is taking its toll on me, I began to get sharp pains in my head, I began feeling very unwell and I’d noticed it had changed shape again. I think to myself if the CT scan didn’t show anything then what the heck is going on. My mind races as I think back to getting the scan and how my head moved during it and whether they missed something. My anxiety is eating me alive and taking over my life, for example I’m scared to watch my favourite films (Star Wars) because of how much I enjoy them and it’ll upset me cause I believe I am going to die soon. I know it’s a big read but I’m glad I’ve found a place like this to open up properly as everyone else just thinks I’m nuts when I fully believe I am going to die. Even last night I thought this is it, I’m not making it through the night and I’ve made myself stay awake Incase I die in my sleep or have a brain bleed or something to do with the back of it