Right now I’m between primary care doctors and I wasn’t able to get in to get treatment for a yeast infection. I had one last year and this is my first one since. It’s been going on for about 2 weeks now and none of my doctors were able to get me in nor send me antibiotics. Today I called a gynecologist and she wasn’t able to get me in but sent me one antibiotic for a yeast infection. I took it less than an hour ago and I am aware it isn’t going to work super quickly, but aside from the usual yeast infection symptoms I’m having extremely bad vulvar pain that’s been going on for the past four days. It hurts when the slightest bit of pressure is applied to it, it’s itchy and I think that it’s swollen as well. I have a doctors appointment with a new doctor Wednesday that my father has to go to because it is a new patient appointment. I’m not very comfortable talking about these issues with my dad in the room, but because it is my first appointment with this new doctor he has to be in there and I don’t think they can do much for me during my first appointment anyways. I tried calling my old doctor and my gynecologist to see what they think I should do but they’re all closed so I didn’t get a response. I am wondering if I should maybe go to an urgent care because I don’t think I can deal with the pain for another three days. I would also like to note that I have had vaginal pain in the past that I believe is related to endometriosis (my mother had it but she is not in the picture), however my gynecologist wouldn’t check for it because I’m a minor. I am on birth control (blisovi FE). Also, for the past few months I have been bleeding after sex and I also have occasional acne on my vulva (I don’t believe it is sexually transmitted, I get them regardless if I have sex or not). I have been taking over the counter medication for the yeast infection, however it hasn’t helped. Today I took the antibiotic and washed my vulva and put on clean and dry cotton underwear. I’m just looking for advice as to whether or not I should go to urgent care or what else I should do. I’m sorry this post is all over the place and probably confusing. I’ll answer any questions.