Hello, I'm a 24f, 5ft, 228 pounds and white. For about 10 years I've had this weird feeling in my chest. It's kinda hard to explain but I will try my best. I will be going about my life and then just feel like this kinda "hit" or hard "thump" in the middle of my chest and its like all the breath gets knocked out of me. The only way i've found to kinda described it is that feeling when you get hit in the chest with some type of ball and all the breath gets knocked out of you. I usually have to cough once or twice right after the "thump" feeling to catch my breath. It's crazy because sometimes I can go months and months without it happening and then sometimes it can happen a couple times a week. I haven't been able to connect it with anything I was doing at the moment it happens. I could be laying down, watching TV, cooking dinner, etc. I've brought it up to two different doctors throughout the years and no results. I've had chest xrays, echos, blood work and all comes back clear. I've been monitored in the hospital for 24 hours. (But since its something that has no schedule on when it happens, it didn't happen while I was being monitored). So I kinda put it on the back burner. I recently moved and got a new doctor, when I mentioned it to him he wanted me to see a cardiologist for it. He also asked if I had any chest pain with it which I said no because it dosen't really "hurt". Just scary to not be able to breathe for a couple seconds. (I have been diagnosed with mild asthma because I often get SOB whie doing physical activity, and just use an inhaler when I feel SOB. Never had an asthma attack. My doctor dosen't think this is from the asthma). However, for about 2-3 weeks now I've been having some chest pressure/discomfort. At first it was maybe once or twice a week so I thought maybe it was heart burn. But now it's all day everyday and the discomfort seems to be getting worse. I haven't been able to get in with a cardiologist because of all this corona stuff. With my chest pain getting worse and so far I've had 4 episodes of the chest thump within the past couple of days (most its ever happened). normally I would go to the ER but once again, with this corona stuff i'm not leaving home because I'm terrified to get it with my asthma problems and small lungs due to being a premi. I'm just not sure what it could be, if the two things are even related, or what to do with this coronavirus stuff going on! I know the hospitals are probably packed and don't want to overwhelm the nurses and doctors anymore, but I also don't want to die or anything lol. I'm currently taking Effexor 225 1 cap po daily. (Used to be on 150 but doctor upped to 225 when I mentioned the weird chest thumps, been on 225 for a couple weeks). Been on Pantoprazole 20mg 1 tab BID. and an inhaler steroid for the past couple of months for Eosinophilic esophagitis. Take vitamin D for super low vitamin d levels. Take prenatal per obgyn because were trying to get pregnant. Take 500mg of Metformin 1tab po BID for PCOS. (Only mentioning because it says so in rules). I drink maybe a couple times a month (just one glass of wine here and there). Never smoked or used drugs. Just not sure what at all to do! Thank you!