So I'm sorry if I'm getting this completely wrong. But I need to know if there could be any DID associated repercussions later in my life. This question talks about panic attacks, self harm, suicide, manipulative relationships, and infidelity. Earlier this year, I started having multiple panic attacks. I never had one before and the first time was definitely frightening. I had derealization where you feel like you're put of your body in a third-person experience. I felt exactly like that along with shaking, short and fast breaths, and numbness. Again I'm sorry if I'm getting this completely wrong. I know alters can appear later in life. But I never had any childhood trauma, but what has happened earlier this year/late last year. I was in a manipulative, abusive relationship. I was lied to, gaslighted, manipulated, and used. It's definitely not as traumatic as childhood abuse. But it was the worst time of my life. I had frequent mental breakdowns and feeling numb. I had my worst breakdown one day at school where I couldn't walk. After my grandpa died (I was close to him), I had also had frequent panic attacks. I'm pretty sure that they were caused my my depression and anxiety. I was cheated on, which really broke me. I started to self harm on my wrist and have more suicidal thoughts at a time. Whenever my ex did something wrong, she would either turn it against me and attack me and then say she's done, or she'll stop talking to me. Loneliness is one of my biggest problems in my mental health and I have been looking for a girlfriend for a long time. And when she did all of that, I was afraid of losing her. That also brought me to do stuff I really didn't want to do with her. But I didn't want to lose her. My question is that am I going to possibly get DID-associated symptoms later in life? I want to possibly know now to further help cope with these symptoms. Again, I'm really sorry if I'm getting it completely wrong. Feel free to ask me what exactly happened with my ex, because there is a lot that happened. The things I listed are only the major ones. Thank you for reading this and helping me out.