hello, it’s me, again...i am an 18 year old trans girl. i have 3 days until i go in for my tests @ planned parenthood. i just wanted to say thank you to everyone who reached out and gave me a little something to help me keep going. if you didn’t read my latest post, i am in tremendous agony. not physically necessary but mentally. i am mortified. i know HIV is not the end of the world but i just don’t know if i can make it if i do have it. i had protected sex with three men in my entire life... first guy was in a hotel bathroom, i have talked to him and he swears up and down he is clean, this was around july of 2018. i feel as if i would have been sicker and felt wayyy worse than i do now. the second guy was in july of 2019, i just sucked on him, no cum no nothing just blowing. the third guy i’ve ever had any type of relations with also says he is clean but has never been tested. he did fuck me in the back of his car and yes he did wear protection. condom didn’t break or anything. i don’t think i swallowed him i can’t quite remember. i do remember not having lube and i did feel slight pain while he was thrusting inside of me but condom never broke.  the fourth guy i ever had sex with in my whole life was a frat. he wore a condom and lasted about 5 minutes so i’m not really worried about him... my symptoms: my symptoms started around Wednesday evening, i felt achy and got a fever and this is when i started looking up stuff online and self diagnosing myself. my back hurts sometimes,  my fingers felt weird and tingly and so did my feet as well as felt cold, i never had a headache or sore throat. my knee caps sore of felt weird and now they feel like they are burning,  i don’t have a fever anymore and sometimes my shoulder and arms will feel achy. i heard of the Hypochondria thing and i was just wondering if my anxiety is bad enough that i created all these symptoms in my head? i also take estradiol and spironolactone. please let me know what you think... i feel alone and scared. i need to know if you think i have HIV...i’m so sorry this is so much to read i just need comfort.