I am a 20 year old mexican woman who recently figured out that I wasn’t the problem. Let me give you a little bit of a background to set the story. I have been raped 3 times from the age of 12 to now, have a head count of 25 men already under my belt (because I wanted to be in control and BELIEVE ME when I tell you every man I’ve slept with I didn’t want just a one night stand, I wanted a relationship but couldn’t figure out why they didn’t ) , I have been through an abusive relationship, I grew up with a dad with a crippling porn addiction who constantly cheated and gas lighted my mom and also was gaslighting me,  I have been diagnosed with bpd, and changed to bipolar disorder which I found out was just me being sensitive for being wronged and hurt for so long. I spent weeks in mental institutions but they never helped and neither did my medications. As soon as I got off about two years ago I’ve been able to just let my high sensitivity set in and use mindfulness to find value in my thoughts and feelings.  I feel stronger now and much better mentally but I can’t see through rose colored glasses anymore. I took a break from work because I was getting sexually harassed  by customers and it was very upsetting and my boss didn’t take me seriously at all because he is friends with all of the guys. It’s been like this at almost every job I’ve worked at. I can’t enjoy TV shows, books, or movies anymore because I can only see how these issues are still VERY MUCH happening. I cry almost every night because I feel hopeless that I will never stop getting treated this way. I don’t have many friends anymore because they don’t really care about these issues and I see them making the same mistakes I made and being naïve about how harmful it can be. I luckily have an amazing feminist boyfriend who I live with and has been my friend for years, and he goes to college for these issues. But how can I get back to a happy place when it feels like the world is crumbling around me? How can I stay positive and shrug off men being so unempathetic and sexist? I am still learning this whole self respect thing and I could really use some advice because I just want to enjoy being alive again.