Okay so I’m a sophomore in high school and I really need advice on this topic. I’ve known I was gay since 8th grade and since then I’ve been planning on how I should “come out” to my friends and family. I’ve only told my friend and my older sister and they were both earlier this year. I mostly told my friend because I knew he was more liberal I guess in his political views and was pretty chill. I caught him a few minutes before school ended near my locker and told him out of the blue that I was gay. I know, probably not the best way but I just needed to say it. He was really accepting of me and said that he didn’t care that I was gay. I was super happy that he said that and grew more confident in myself. I told my sister in her last month of HS and she was really proud of me. She hugged me and said that she loved me either way and it felt amazing. We still talk a lot about it and teases about when I’m gonna get a bf, but that’s where the problem arises. I still haven’t told my mom or dad and any other family members that I’m gay. My mom is always asking if there’s a cute girl at school and in my mind is always saying, “haha no, but there are some hot boys I’ve had my eye on”. Plus,  it doesn’t exactly help that she thinks things like “being gay is a choice” and is kind of religious. Or whenever we see a gay person on tv or in public she has to make a rude remark like “he’s a little fruity” or just a look of disgust. She at least acted nice when we went to see my lesbian cousin’s girlfriend for the first time at a restaurant with family but then when we left she made comments on my cousin and her girlfriend which really discouraged me to come out to her. My dad honestly probably wouldn’t care that I’m gay (he would probably only care if I’m having safe sex) but I worry because sometimes he’ll joke about gay people and I don’t know if he means it or not. He also has pretty conservative friends he has known for a long time and I don’t want them to think less of my dad because he has a gay son. I guess my best choices to come out to soon are my aunt and uncle of my cousin and my grandma who is a really sweet old lady who had nothing but kind words for my cousin and her girlfriend. I just feel pressured and want to get this off my chest but I’m scared of what my family will think of me and what they will say. I would just really appreciate any advice you guys could give me, thanks.