For some time now I have been under a rock within my own community. Simply put I always thought there are better people out there, more qualified to do or say the right things. I didn’t think my community needed me as a spokesman. Then Trump happened and needless to say that even in Miami, a melting pot of genders, races, and mindsets I felt that we needed to stick together more than ever. Most of my experience and expectations derived from working a a gay bar. While working as a server I witnessed so much inner turmoil within our own community I was shocked. I thought most of our aggressors were outsiders. And it was weird because for me, when I tried to be involved in high-school I personally never faced backlash. I just grew up around the time where it was pretty much okay to be gay. But idk if it’s Miami’s populous being more vain than others or if it’s the drugs but people in our community by the most part are total meanies. I just got my associates in nursing and I’m currently in nursing school and I thought it would be great to do a quick PowerPoint and Q&A at my work place after being granted permission from the owner. GURL. That was a mess, then again I tried to get drunk gays during brunch to talk about safe sex and the statistics we face in our city, prep and side effects, etc etc  Didn’t go remotely well. No one even grabbed free condoms, i mean common we had trojan not the cheap ones. LOL. Anyways, I tried going to my local youth groups and I am saddened to say that barely anyone is involved anymore in our community. And the people that I did bump into were more interested in swapping dick pics and maintaining a club-bar encounters as opposed to actual work. I had better opportunities to be involved with at risk gay youth and homelessness in our own community volunteering at Camillus house (gov shelter) than in the 2 LGBTQ foundations i tried. I guess my whole point of this is, i’ve been proactive in my community for the past year. From what I’ve witnessed just Please just be nicer to one another. There is a nice and polite way to approach any human being. No matter what! And please try to give back. Even water bottles helps! Sanitary wipes! Deodorant! Toothbrushes, toothpaste! Idk what’s going around the states but the gays in miami need to band together along with our communities around the globe. We have it so much better here than other places and yet there is still much more to be done to be better towards each other. As ru says, everybody say looooooove.