I need some advice on how to make this work for me. I feel like I’m gay or bi - however I don’t like it and still vacillate between thinking I must be gay, to thinking I’m not. This has been going on for years now. I feel stuck. I feel like I accept it some days, (very rarely, it’s happened in full about 3 times) but then I go back to tripping about it or convincing myself out of it in some way. The weird thing is I am not into gay porn, like at all - but I do think about dicks a lot, mainly it’s flashes of it and it’s scary and makes me uncomfortable. However I don’t feel I can be happy without solving this. At this point in my life I don’t get the issue, I’m 32 I have no girlfriend at the moment - I have gay roommates, gay friends, everything. I’m not from a religious or anti-gay background - my brother though has a problem with gay stuff but even he wasn’t that bad and would be totally cool with me being gay since we talk like once every two years anyway. I just am not crushing on girls, I’m not crushing on guys, I don’t know what feelings are authentic and what aren’t. At this point I’d rather just be full on gay because the turmoil that goes on in my head 24/7 is the most painful thing. None of my social circle would care AT ALL, and I’ve told them I’m struggling with this - I’ve told everyone. Still I can’t commit, I’ve seen sex therapists etc. - nothing. It’s not other people, it’s me. And I don’t know why I cant get over the hump, I don’t want to spend the rest of my life going back and forth, I don’t wanna worry about this anymore. It invades my dreams it’s everywhere. I even tried looking in the mirror for a month straight, I set an alarm, and telling myself “you are gay” “just remember you are gay” - it would be a relief to actually allow it and not cringe automatically at the thoughts. I realize I’m rambling but something must change - I’m scared I’m incapable of dealing with reality, with being honest with myself, and I’m going to live the rest of my life alone unable to figure it out and completely unfulfilled - having wasted my life and scared of dating for the fear I might hurt someone. If anyone can help me with something action oriented to basically force myself to accept it once and for all please share. The times I’ve hooked up with guys we’re not good for me so I don’t think forcing my way through that is the answer either. Anything else tho.