This might have a trigger warning for some. Basically, I work in a small office with three other people. They know I’m gay and I have never made it seem like I’m OK with slurs being tossed around. Yesterday morning my coworker was venting about a personal affair and used the term “faggoty-ass” to describe someone. I immediately reacted and told them how uncomfortable that made me feel and to please never say that word again. Well.. she said it again. My boss did absolutely nothing. I then told her again, more heated, that what she said was unacceptable and made me very uncomfortable. I sat there at my desk for a few min, she sent me an apology text, but I couldn’t shake it. I left the office and went outside for fresh air and began calling some professional friends for advice and explained that I DID NOT want to overreact but handle this appropriately. After about ten minutes getting my senses back together, I went inside and asked my boss to speak to me privately. I told her how uncomfortable that made me feel and she explained that she talked to the employee candidly and explained that to her. She then explained to me that sometimes people say things that offended us but we should brush it off or sometimes they use it in different contexts. She also used the n-word a few times to show how negative words can have different meanings.  After this meeting, I was done. I kindly asked if I could take the remainder of the day off. Which she agreed. After hours of asking for advice from EVERYONE I trusted, I ended up writing a non-emotional statement and sent it to the administrator- we don’t have HR as the business is privately owned. He’s also gay and we have a great professional relationship. I also asked him not to retaliate or fire them as I’m scared they would retaliate against me. He told me not to come back to work until he talks to me again and that he would take care of it. My anxiety is HIGH and I’m so scared that I’m going to make things worse for everyone but I truly think I did the right thing.. I would love to hear from you guys and this is eating me up...