Title pretty much says it all. I've been dating this guy for the past six months. Fell super hard and fast. He told me he had a job that I knew couldn't be real but I didn't give it too much thought because I didn't really care what he did for work, he's been trying to start a new business anyway, and probably because I either didn't want to know the truth or didn't want to risk upsetting him by expressing my doubts about his truthfulness. Eventually my suspicions grew too big to ignore and I went through his phone. Found out that he's been sleeping with guys for money, including a guy whom he considers to be a good friend and that I have hung out with multiple times and has met members of his family. When confronted about it, he said understandably that it's not something he can afford to stop doing for now and he wants to keep seeing the friend, although not have sex with him anymore. So now I don't know what to do. I want to stay with him because I've fallen for him so hard and we are and have been really good together. He's got lots of positive attributes and very few negative. Never a single fight until now, similar interests, good sex, compatible life goals. We talk about getting married someday. But if I stay, I don't know how to a. rebuild the trust that has been damaged by such a huge lie and b. deal with the fact that he will be sleeping with other people for money until he can get his business off the ground. I’m also worried about how I'll react to being around this friend now. I don't really want to be around him but I also don't want to be excluded when he comes to town and they go out. I just feel kind of shattered. I don't know what I'm hoping to get from this post. Maybe someone has lived through something similar. Maybe someone dates a sex worker. Maybe someone learned about rebuilding trust after being lied to. I’m starting therapy next week, but I have to talk to someone about it in the meantime. I can't talk to my family or friends because I don't want them to know what he's doing. And I have talked with him so much about it over the last week that I don't really know what else to say. I don't know how to move forward. Any advice or really any feedback at all might be helpful. Please be kind to me. I'm really hurting.