So I've been scouring all of Reddit looking for a board that fits my situation, not realizing I can just post my own fucking questions. 🙃 Why it took me so long to do it idk. I guess because it's my first time posting ever, and I wasn't sure if it was a big deal or anything. Anyway just looking for advice from experienced homos. So I've been dating this guy for about four months now and we're really into each other. (He's 32 and I'm 19 both male obviously.) I mean for a while we'd see each other four to five times a week. We still do but our schedules got busier and he travels alot. Early on I asked if he was ok with pda just because I wasn't sure how he felt, bc some guys just aren't really open to the public about things like holding hand and stuff. He said he was fine with it but the conversation kinda spiraled into a much more serious conversation about how open we both were about our sexuality period. Mostly how I'm from Southwest Georgia and everyone is really closed minded and I had a shitty childhood bc of it, and how he grew up in Christan private schools and how he was bullied as well. Needless to say we both got emotional and had to cut it short. But I did ask if he was out and he said he's "working on it" so I guess that's a no. I'm not going to pressure him to come out at all. I just wanted to see where we stood on that subject. But I noticed when I'd go to his house I basically had to sneak out in the morning. On morning in particular I came outside and his neighbor was right outside the door with a plumber. (I was also doing a walk of shame so I skedaddled.) But his other neighbor was pulling in as I was leaving in that direction. This really upset him, just the fact that I was seen by neighbors. Anyway I recently asked him if he wanted to be my boyfriend and he said no. I feel like it has something to do with anxiety and no being out. Im definitely not rushing things, and don't want to out him. But I also don't want to be three year into this relationship and still not even be boyfriends and have wasted time and emotion on something I could have foreseen. Advice? Thanks!