I am male and in my mid-forties.    About 3 years ago I was struggling to start things at work, struggling to finish anything I did start, could not follow along when people spoke to me, among other things.   Saw my doctor who  a bunch of test and besides having a big vitamin D deficiency everything was fine.  Took so Vitamin D supplements and  after about 4 months my levels were back to normal, but I was still struggling with life.   She recommended seeing a psychiatrists.   Spoke with them, did some test and she tested me for ADHD. The results indicated a good probability that I was. Prescribed Adderall and things did a 180 for me, and I felt like I was in control of my life for the first  time.   One of the side affects of Adderall for me was an increased libido.  My drive was 10X what I remembered it being when I was young.   I started to go out and look for sex in bars, dating apps, prostitutes, and hook up apps, to the point where is was starting to consume my life.   I have always been attracted to women and only dated women, but it was always difficult to find some to just fuck and I could not afford to keep paying every time I wanted sex, and had no desire to have a girlfriend at the time. .  I would on occasion be contacted online from men looking to meet, and always turned them down.   Well on one site I get the IM and it is from man, saying I am cute, they want to know if I would be interested in a blow job.   They loved to suck cock, do not want anything in return.   I am flattered, and really do not think someone would just show up to blow me and leave, I am incredibly horny,  so this time I just say yes, If you want to suck me off and leave that is  cool.   They agree and want my address.  I give it and message a few women, and forget about it, until my doorbell rings.   I open the door, he ask if I am so and so, and I say yes.  They say this is so and so, from this website, did I still want to have fun?   I agree, and let the man in.   I ask where he wants to do this and he said the couch is fine if that is okay?  I agree and walk over and sit down.  He kneels down, take me dick out, blows me, gets up says thanks and leaves.   I was in a state of shock at what just happened.   I shower, go about my day but I can not stop thinking about how easy that was and how I just let some random man blow me.   Well I ignore he repeated attempts to meet me again, but can not get over how easy it was.  A few months later, I get another message from a man.   Same situation, wants to just blow me and since I am super horny again, I agree and meet them at  there place.  He blows me, I leave and everything is fine.   Guy, was pretty cool, very complementary of me, and the head was awesome.  The next time he messages me, I agree to meet again, he blows me, and asks if I want to fuck his ass?  I agree and I fuck him.   Well, now I still go out with women, try to meet women, have sex with women, but if I hit a dry spell or no women want to meet, I hop on Grindr, and have some man blow me.   What does this mean about my sexuality? Am I bi-, gay, straight?