Sex is very important in a relationship and I do feel that can make or break a relationship. I feel as tho a couple can go through so much throughout there relationship good and bad just trying to figure what works for that couple. But out of all of the shit that can go down I feel like one of the things that should always be right or good is sex. I’m kinda of a prude and wait til I’m in a relationship to have sex so Sex is very special to me and at the same time feel like it solidifies a major part of the magic you guys are creating in your relationship. I’ve delt with men always putting me in a box and I allowed it. I sacrificed my own desire just to please one man that I already knew wasn’t for me just to have anyone. But I realized it never works, and I’m worth so much more then that. There’s someone out there that will enjoy me as much as I will enjoy them. I do believe that compromises can be made but I feel like I made so much through my time that I’m done with doing that when it’s about sex because at the end of the day if I dont follow through with my personal desires with a man , one day that day will come where I’m over it, the situation, and most likely him. I have a man, We are in love. he’s bottomed a few time with other men and says he doesn’t care for it at all. But He is willing to try it but still has those walls up. I understand because I went through the same thing. Every man thats a bottom I feel goes through a learning stage first before they fully enjoy themselves . And I feel like he’s not even close to being willing even tho the date is coming. it’s a different in saying and doing.. we have addressed this multiple times but Just the way he’s express himself and carried himself wouldn’t make someone feel so great about the situation. The time is coming and I’m afraid he will be doing it for nothing. I feel like both opinions are right on the situation 100% but at the end of the day we are both gay men And bottoming is something we signed up for In a way and it took me awhile to understand that too which is why I’m not willing to let a man go above what I need. I’ve had to learn through struggle, pain, feeling like bottoming isn’t for me to finally enjoying my self and that took years. I dedicated myself to learning how to please myself in bottoming in the name of love and now it’s time for the man I love to do just that. What do you guys think?