Hello. I was 14 when I met a man who was 27. I liked him and I was really wanting to see him. We met couple of days after starting to text. It was nice at first but then it turned into hell. He started to hit me and abuse me. I stayed silent and I was scared to tell anyone. So this continued for 3 years until I got out of this relationship. I was so scared after that and personal things in my life happened so it took me years to be ready to even think about maybe having a relationship. Not that anybody expressed an interested towards me but I was excited for life at 24. I met the person who later became my whole life. He was so smart, funny, special to me and the person who I have always dreamt of being with. No, life does not happen like that. He was and still is in a relationship. I never did anything with him except being a friend to him tho he knows my initial feelings from the very start. I got really depressed for two years and at 28 I was finally ready to meet other people and I was excited for life again. I started talking to people (I used apps mainly, but actually met the people I talked to). So it turned out even if I liked people they never liked me back so I now feel even more insecure. I am tall and skinny and I look younger than 30 and I am a bottom only which I think is a problem also. I got rejected so many times and for me its so hard to even try to accept myself as worthy of somebody liking me that it gots to me really bad. I think I am going to end up alone and nobody would even want to be with me. This is so sad to me personally because I never imagined life like that I always thought I am going to be married by this point and have kids. In reality I am alone, never experienced love because I am probably not what people look for and I am so disappointed in myself. I am ashamed of how I did in life and I often think I don’t even live. I really try to be good and not to put myself down, but I don’t think the men I have met in my life know how much they have hurt me with their actions and words towards me. I have never felt liked let alone being loved and this is the worst feeling I have ever felt.