So I just need some advice. I’m a gay man in his 40’s and my boyfriend is a republican and his family is a bunch of Trump supporters. I can’t do this anymore ! The shit I have to hear like all the time ! These people are insane ! How do you reason with a crazy person. I don’t know if this is cult like behavior or what but I gotta hear all the time about how Trump is amazing and even my boyfriends mom was like Oh that was just locker room talk ! She said that to my face ! Who talks like that ! She also said twice actually Oh ! I don’t like Nike because of Colin Kaepernick and Blacklivesmatter. In the middle of JC Penny ! Where she works ! Why did I scream in my loud ass super gay ass voice Oh cuz fuck Black people right ! She didn’t say a word to me the rest of the day. I promise to god she didn’t. Oh and so get this we all went to go see The Mule and when we leave we get in the car and literally out of nowhere my boyfriends dad just starts goin on about how when Muslims get to 14% you’re all gonna take of the world and murder us all. Mind you not a Muslim in sight or one in the movie that I can remember. I don’t even know how to respond at this point. He also thinks that global warming is a hoax. Leftist propaganda of course. He keeps sending me messages that Trumps a lover, don’t be a hater Dan, be a lover like Trump. Like AGHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! What ! I also recently found out that my boyfriend went to a Trump Rally. I’ve also been given like two twenty minute lectures on how Democrats are racist and the Republicans are not. We rent out a group camp every year and my boyfriends uncle brought a Trump 20/20 flag to hang on front of the mess hall. I almost cried every morning that somebody would have the nerve to fly that out in nature like that. I wanted to fucking burn it. If they pull that shit this year I’ll either burn it go home. You know how many times I’ve come close to cussing out a 65 year old man ? Too many to count. According to him everything is fine ! The earth is fine ! Government is fine, oh and he even light a blue light for the all lives matter police because again Fuck black people right ? You could show them as many police brutality videos as you want they still won’t see an issue. One of my boyfriends cousins got mad at me and eventually called my boyfriend crying saying I was harassing her because I posted 4 police brutality videos and she didn’t want her cop friend to see them. I’m sorry but if you keep telling me everything is fine I’m going to show you that everything is not fine ! It doesn’t matter what Trump does ! They will follow him blindly. It’s like talking to a brink wall. It’s always the same 3 responses. Oh well but didn’t either Hillary or Obama or Clinton do such and such ? Oh that must be Fake News. If I hear Fake news one more time Linda I just don’t know if I can throat punch this 65 year old man Linda. Don’t let me throat punch him ! Lol for real though this is a disease. All reason and logic has gone out the window ! My boyfriends cousins protest Planned Parenthood and have tried to get me to go with them. They didn’t let their kids watch Harry Potter until like their teens. Why ? Witches ! That’s why ! If I didn’t have weed and chocolate I would be gone. I even tried to leave. I went back to New Orleans for a few weeks. I had to get something ! Some culture, another language, and accent even. The food was just incredible ! I used to live there. It was so amazing ! I went to the aquarium and an alligator tour. It was so fun. Except for the smell. Lol it smells kinda umm I’m not sure what it is exactly but it’s awful. Anyway any advice would be appreciated and I hope you find your cat.