So me and my boyfriend rented a motel room last night to have some alone time and fun. While we were going to the motel he was acting really nervous and I didn't want him to have any second thoughts so I asked him if he was ok and if he really wanted to go through with it. This would be his second time having sex and I didn't want him being too nervous to ruin that experience for him. He tells me he is fine and we get the room. So we are in the room and making out and I go to put my condom on and get the lube. I lube him down lube my dick down to make sure it'll go in alot easier. I try to go in it hurts him to much do I start fingering him to loosen up. After 5 minutes of that I try again and go alot slower so as to not hurt him. He still felt pain and would wince alot and I dont like hurting my partners because I know I'm a little bit on the thicker side down there and I've had previous partners complain about the pain. He asks me to pull out and afterwards he tells me that he just isn't into sex. Now I for one was shocked to hear this because I constantly asked him beforehand if he wanted to do this and if he was comfortable enough to do it and he said yes that he did in fact want to do it. Now I'm not exactly complaining about the not liking sex part. I get that not everyone likes having a dick in their ass and that's ok. But I do like having sex and I find it a great stress reliever. All throughout the night he told me he felt like he disappointed me because he basically hyped up the night to an all out sex brawl and that just didn't end up happening. So I guess my question in this instance is what should I do? Should I try to get him to try one more time? I dont want to pressure him into doing something he doesn't wanna do but it would be nice to have sex every once in a while and not just never. He asked me if I was going to break up with him because of it and it literally broke me heart because I could feel how much he wanted to enjoy it but he just didn't. And no I'm not gonna break up with him because of this I just want to feedback on how to get through this situation.