I was watching a documentary on the winter war, in which the Soviets invaded finland. At one point, they showed a scene where the soviet troops were charging into machine guns and getting killed in mass. This was done day after day, entire battalions getting wiped out during the first month of the war. It was very painful to watch, and I try not to think about it but it just bothers me deeply. All these young men died. Each one of them an individual with lots of potential that would never get actualized. They were sons, fathers, brothers, husbands, boyfriends, acquaintances, the guy that you talk to at the market place on some odd afternoons. They were complex individuals like any other human being, with every bit as much of a right to live. The thought of anyone just throwing them in front of machine guns like that is heartbreaking and sickening. There is nothing glorious either about the finnish troops killing them. They had no choice otherwise they would be killed, but they ended their lives. It is sad, and ugly, just like any conflict for that matter. What bothers me is why anyone would make these men charge in front of machine guns without ANY covering fire, and without having used any shelling or bombing prior to soften up defences. Why would anyone even think about doing that, heck I am just a 23 year old civilian living in the US, never having served and never having gone through any training, yet I realize just how ridiculous that entire strategy is. They also dressed the, in green uniforms, in an environment that is completely white! How stupid or careless do they have to be. Alas, they were easy targets. Once again, I do not agree with their invasion of finland, but life is life. Life doesn't have a national identity. It bothers me just thinking about who would even do this. All wars should be fought with as little causalities as possible, from your side and even the enemy especially if you are invading. Strategy, extensive planning, and patience is required to execute it, much like a game of chess. The sheer carelessness of anyone that would just throw their men like that bogs the mind. And it was especially depressing when I heard that the bodies of the dead Soviet troops were practically forgotten, just buried in mass graves by the finns. If that is how communists value human life, then I can easily see why it failed. I mean seriously, who on earth would think about sending wave after wave of men in front of turrets. That is a level of fucked upness equivalent to giving lots of people water to drink that clearly contaminated but insisting that it is clean. How can anyone in their right mind even think of doing that?