So I openly told I guy that I use to have a crush on him one night and that he doesn’t have to worry about it being awkward cause I’m already moving on. Next thing I knew he was trying to catch my attention, we we’re good friends, we usually talk about life and things in general, but we weren’t super close either. At the time I was already dating a new guy and was over my crush, but not gonna lie I still had a little bit of a crush on him ( I know it sounds silly and unfair to the guy I was dating but the guy I was dating was aware of this, which was really nice of him). And next thing I knew my crush told me he likes me because of his friends teasing him about me and he couldn’t stop thinking and talking about me. We ended up dating for three months but I relationship wasn’t the best, in fact I could say it was the worst, but at the same time I felt like it was my fault since I jumped from dating someone just to date my crush. I made a mistake but I eventually started to like my crush again while we we’re dating and I just felt like I wasn’t being enough or I felt like the whole relationship wasn’t for both of us. But I tried to improve and pleased him but next thing I knew our relationship was going south. I apologized for my mistakes and even told him that we needed space to think about our relationship. We stopped talkign for a while and I reached out on him again and he told me that he doesn’t love me anymore. I was heartbroken since all I asked was space but I didn’t expected him to move on. I felt like a loser and I desperately wanted a closure from him but I also realized that no answer can also be the answer. I’m just curious cause I can never understand guys, what else could I have done wrong, and did he ever loved me in the first place or did he just reciprocated my feelings? Cause if he does love me he will find a way to reach out but her never did. I never told anyone about this, thought I’d right it here so I can have a piece of mind and guys can help me. Thank you for reading the entire thing.