Slept with a friend a while ago twice. Before that we were always hanging out together with our other friends. We got along really well. Then one night he made the move and I went for it. We kept talking after that, not as much and he started avoiding me a bit. I decided to ask him if we were cool, and he said that yeah but that he was dating someone so that’s why he was being a bit distant. Totally understandable. I stopped texting, he stopped, and we completely stopped hanging out. He would hang out with our other friends but if he knew I was going he wouldn’t go. I got it, he was dating so why hang out with someone he slept with right? Anyways, they broke up or stopped talking. I don’t really know. But he started reaching out again. I’m not going to lie...it hurt that he completely cut me off but I justified it knowing that our friendship had changed and that I wouldn’t feel comfortable if I was in that girls shoes knowing that the guy I was dating was hanging out with someone he had sex with. So fast forward to now, a group of us hanged out and I was sitting next to him. Next thing you know I feel his hand on my thigh, okay? He leaves it there until I move my leg away. No one saw, no one knows we hooked up. Later that night I told him to let me know he got home safe. He replied that he was going somewhere else first and then went ahead and texted me when got home. He didn’t have to text me that, so why did he? Today I found out he slept with another one of my friends that night he said that. And idk why but I feel hurt...I don’t want to talk to him...more because she tells me all her stuff and she had talked about how she was sleeping with this guy the past weeks and now I know it was him. Idk I just don’t want to have any contact with him anymore, maybe I’m over reacting in how I’m feeling but I feel like the only reason he got close to me was because he wanted to fuck me and when he did he got what he wanted. That I’m just another one of the girls in the “list” that he wanted to sleep with. So am I over reacting in the way I’m feeling?