So my ex and I have been reconciling for about a month. It was my choice to end the relationship but I caved after 2 months of being apart and we started talking again. As of a week ago, we talked everyday-- texting or video calling because I'm out of town at the moment. All of a sudden, 3 days ago, he was barely talking to me anymore, but still saying stuff like "I love you baby" blah blah blah. A few days ago I asked if everything was all good, and he said "baby just because we dont talk everyday doesnt mean I want you any less, I love you" I sent a sweet message back that he hasnt responded to in 2 days. Yes, I know its only been 2 days, but it's an extremely stark contrast to before. Last we talked I had brought up that it was weird he had been so distant the past couple of days and that's when he said what I wrote up above. ^ Basically I expressed that I was feeling weird about the sudden slow down in communication, he reassured me, and then....hasnt talked to me for two days. I have abandonment issues that I'm actively trying to work on, but it's really hard for me to recognize if I'm in the process of being ghosted, or if hes just...busy? I dont know, we are all out of jobs because of the virus. I think if he wanted to talk to me he would. But anyways, I'm terrified that he just.. wont ever message me again. What do I do? So far I've tried to pinky SWEAR myself that I wont reach out. I've already said I was worried that we arent talking so much, and after he reassured me I just dropped it and sent a sweet message about something unrelated, and yeah... havent heard back. Do you think I'm being ghosted? I'm so mad and wanna say something but I've decided that silence is the best thing I can so right now. If he never messages me again, I honestly won't even reach out to tell him hes a piece of shit. I know it sounds pretty but I've put myself out there already and I refuse to beg for attention or love. I know I sound crazy, its just really hard to not think about it when I'm self quarantined and have nowhere to go all day. Do you think that this is unusual? Help.