I don’t know what to do my friends and I were playing the ouija board I think we let a really strong demon out I know this all sounds crazy but I wanted to know if anyone knows anything about this. Ive been praying and praying and praying and it even took me over last night. My friend has been possessed for the last few days between the hours of 8pm-4am. I have videos of really creepy things that have happened to us. The spirit told us when we were playing the board that we had a vortex in our bathroom with an unlimited amount of spirits to come in and out of the house we all have been seeing very tall shadows and I’m scared for my life my friend literally gets possessed and literally says the craziest things when she’s around us and she’s not like this when it’s not between the hours or 8-4 when we played the game. None of us feel safe. Her bf,(ex bfs sister), my friend, and I were the ones playing the game. None of us really wanted to play except for two of them and I don’t know what’s going on but it’s not good. And about the vortex thing we have 3 mirrors in our bathroom yesterday I don’t remember anything happening at all but it was really bad I was standing in my room by the dresser looking into the bathroom I was staring into the mirror then my body started arching back like I was doing a somersault and my body was arching up In the air and my eyes were rolling back my friends bf and my friends ex bf’s sister saw this happen. I don’t remember anything at all my friend keeps telling me that when she starts having these episodes she doesn’t remember anything at all. I’m sketched out and I don’t even want to be in this house right now and I live here with her it’s scary and we don’t know what to do we’re not making anything up either the only one who hasn’t had any of these things happening to them has been her bf. A lot of weird stuff I mean the weirdest stuff is happening in this house and none of us can sleep because of this. I haven’t slept in days upon days I’m on edge we only sleep during the day when all of this isn’t happening because we’re all panicking. We don’t know who to contact because everyone is literally closed because of the Coronavirus and also because this is new to us and we haven’t ever had something like this happen. I’m worried and I can’t keep living like this it’s getting to be too much. The board said we contacted ZOZO snd that’s one of the demons that connect with people through the board and it messes people’s lives up bad. I have been praying and praying and praying for our lives and our safeties but this is only getting worse and worse by the day and I don’t know what to do I just messaged you because I figured that you would know something or someone in your family would. This is all getting to be crazy and I have never experienced something like it before so I don’t know how to react to it and I don’t want to make you think I’m in any way shape or form making this up but I don’t know what to do I don’t know who to contact or how to get rid of this I have cross that I’ve been carrying around with me saying prayers but I’m just very worried. If you know anything please message me and let me know.