hey guys, Im 20 years old, I'm physically fit, and I go to the gym 3 to 4 times a week (I have been going for 2 years and a half by now), I work 44h a week, currently searching for a church to connect with brothers in Christ. I was raised in a pentecostal church, assembly of God, my dad was the pastor, very demanding but not in spiritual questions, but no further, God saved me when I was 17 y.o. Since then I've read many books, and developed certain maturity and I've been learning still, as every christian, people see me as too mature for my age because I think differently from young people, and focus more on my responsibilities. Im starting my business now, trusting in God that He is with me in this process, reading the bible everyday. Anyway, when I was saved I had problems with porn, I used to be addicted to masturbation, then a friend told me it was sin, and we prayed to God set us free, the first year and a half of my conversion I just relapsed couple times, but then I met this girl and we started dating when I was 18, she was very committed to the church, and we planned courtship, but it didnt go well, you know how we young people are right? haha, anyway, after I started dating her, I started to relapse more often, and then I broke up with her for other reasons, since then Ive been strugling with this. Im not addicted, but after a week without masturbate, I get really horny, even though I get many benefits (energy, being hipper, aggressive) I get very tense, stressed and horny towards every pretty girl I see, and sometimes I look at them and thoughts come into my mind. Then 2 months ago I started dating a girl very committed to the Lord, we know each other since we were 10years old, she is faithful, loyal, available and teachable. I live in U.S. but she is in brazil now finishing her studies on college, what I dont mind much, when my mind is not horny like crazy. We visit each other every 6 months and spend 2 weeks together, (we are virgins, no sex happening) and our families are Christians and support our relationship and our plans, we plan to marry when she finishes the college, until then Im getting things done and ready for us here. Thats my background, for you guys to know that Im not an irresponsible kid and not to give me simple advices such as "man up", "grow up", anyway. My question is, how can I get free from this trap thats to be horny like a monkey after 8-9 days on nofap? I masturbate not watching porn, but I know is sin. I don't accept advices telling me that masturbation is not sin, I want ways to persevere. the problem is that my body gets really tense, and sometimes I stay more than 1 week without night pollution, my mind gets crazy thinking about girls that I see on places, and also I think about going to brazil to stay with my girlfriend (I know is stupid but is really hard to think straight when your libido is on the highest level) please, I need advices from mens that are mature, and are in good relationship with the Lord. With honesty I ask for help, and I need honest advices. God bless.