so i just lost my mom last night because of a third cardiac arrest that she had since she got her stroke a year and a half ago. when i got the news last night me and my dad were eating when i got a call saying that my mom had no pulse and that they tried to save her but couldn't. i was really sad and i just wanted to cry when i heard that but i was next to my dad and since my whole life i had been taught that i shouldn't show my emotions in front of others and just man up in hard times i just holded my emotions and when they told me they would call me to let me know when we could see her since this whole thing with corona virus. i went to my room and i teared up for a bit but i couldn't cry as how i wanted since i held it. then we drove to go see my mom an hour away and through out the drive i has trying to hold my emotions since i was driving but once i got there me and my dad could see my mom and i cried for a while but not as much and we were there with her until the funeral home came to take her. on the way back i was driving with a huge headache and just didn't want to talk me and my dad were sad. when i got into my room i just lied on my bad and watched vids but i didn't cry. today i woke up and i started calling her brothers and sisters to let them know and every time talked to them i just felt hard to breath and wanted to cry because i was talking about my mom but after i just dont get any emotion. i feel like every time i talk or see something of my mom i feel really strong emotions that i want to cry but i dont because i am always next to someone. my dad still doest know that im questioning my gender and today while he was washing my car i decided to try to help i dont really know how to wash a car but when i tried and failed he would yell at me that i should be acting like a fucken gay or queer shit because any woman would leave me if i cant do nothing as simple as this and that i should man up and do shit like a man and he was ferious and i just said ok. i decided that i should just let him yell at me and shit talk me all he wants since i feel that he was just venting his frustration of my mom but it still hurt hearing it but im kinda used to it since he always make remarks like that to me. since i have been questioning my gender since a little after my mom had her stroke i have been wearing feminine clothing but not to feminine like skirts, dresses,bright or flowery patterns but clothing that are sold for women and that are kinda neutral. i have grown my nails and put clear nail polish which every woman in stores see them and they complement my nails which make me happy. but my dad doesn't know anything about transgender topic but he really is a homophobic and i think he thinks im gay so he makes remarks and all to see if i can stop being "gay". my dad really loves me because he does so much for me and every time he says he is so proud god gave him such a great son. im the only child so i  have a lot of expectations put by my parents. and right now since my mom has died i have been wondering if my mom would have ever accepted me if i came out as trans. i do believe that she is watching me now from heaven and im just not sure if she would be judging me and being disappointed on me for leaving a failer of a son. she did not know none of this before she got her stroke since i didnt start my gender questioning since a little after she got it. but right now i am leaning twords being a female. but i just feel really depressed that my dad is not ok with this and now my mom that has died is watching over me and that she might feel disappointed on me and that i well not seek out the future they planed of me.my mom was a really religious person she would spend almost all day praying for everyone and stuff. i really loved my mom and we would always talk and she would listen and that is one thing im going to miss about her because i just cant do that with my dad. and im not sure if i should just quit doing this whole feminine thing and just stick to being a guy so my mom doesnt feel disappointed on me and my dad would be happy as well.  right now i dont know what to think about all this im sorry for writing all this stupid rant i just wanted to vent right now of how i feel sorry for making this. im writing this while im drinking outside so im sorry if some stuff doesn't make sense. thanks for reading and again sorry for ranting all this. you guys are the first people i tell since i havnt even told my friends yet. but one thing is that im greatfull that my mom finally past alway so she well not suffer any more.