Obviously I am new to this community based on the challenge I am currently facing. Girl and I hooked up a couple times before uni winter break (including right before before it started) and during break we spoke nearly every day (I now know this was a bad idea). I really fell for her as we had a great connection and she seemed really into me, but since being back at uni we have both been extremely busy at different times and had not seen each other. We texted periodically but not too much. We finally saw each other at a party and spoke nearly the whole time; it went well, we were teasing each other. But, I was stupid and while extremely drunk later that night, called and told her that I really liked being around her and wanted to spend more time together. She was also drunk and was surprised and asked if we could speak the next day. The next day, she went on to tell me that because of her previous recent relationships that severely impacted her mental health and insecurities, she has since been very blocked off to situations liked this and is trying to focus on herself and being okay to avoid the pain she once felt. This was true as we've spoke about it before, but it kills me because she insists I did nothing wrong and not to take it personally. She said she does not want to hurt me and I left off (kinda like a beta?) by saying I just want her to be happy and that I could not force her into anything. After our conversation I completely cut contact because I cannot bear to be friends with her when I desire more, but now it's 3 weeks later and it's the only thing I can think about. It has completely prevented me from seeking new women because I really believe this one was so special. Is there a way I can salvage anything with her or is all hope lost? I am avoiding being an orbiter by not talking to her but this girl is so special that I cannot get her out of my head. We will likely see each other at parties in the near future too unless uni get shut down for corona virus lol. All help is appreciated.