so, long story short i used to journal in order to vent. last year one of the pages i wrote was definitely focused on discovering my gender identity and stuff, and at the time i think i thought i was nonbinary but later have discovered i am ftm (i don’t really remember what i wrote other than along the lines of i was questioning myself). i tore out that entry and put it in the drawer of my old desk which eventually was moved to my dad’s house when my parents recently split. i got new furniture and needed to move the desk out ~1 month ago, discovered the note, crumpled it up and stuck it in my pocket it, planning on tossing it out. apparently when i went back to my mom’s house that week the note at one point fell out. my mom just called me and asked about it apologizing because she didn’t realize it was a journal page, and then proceeded to ask me if i was comfortable with myself and if i’m okay. which i said in reply that i’m okay, mom asked again if i was sure i am comfortable, i said i’m a teenager and what teenager is comfortable with themselves? mom just said alright and we wrapped up the call. she knows now that i was questioning my gender identity, and i always rant to her about getting my hair cut (ended up doing that last month finally) and how i wis my voice was deeper and how i never wanna have kids as a mother and would rather just be a dude. it’s gonna be awkward to see her next time i do and i’m afraid she’ll bring it up. what should i do? i’m terrified of coming out to her - i still doubt myself so much all the time and i’m only out to a few online friends right now. i know she would be accepting because she’s really kind. i just feel like it’s gonna really really suck if i end up realizing i’m not actually trans because i doubt so much and then have to come out as not actually trans. i also don’t want my dad finding out because he is very lgbtphobic, hardcore christian (by the bible kind of way). my grandma lives with my mom too and i have no idea how she will feel about it. i’m at a complete loss right now.