My dad died in January of this year and left behind a two and a half year old Russian blue cat. He dealt with significant mental health issues in the month leading up to his departure so it is reasonable to assume that the cat, Jazz, was in many ways neglected in that span of time. For context, my dad found Jazz at a bus station with a very bad eye infection in both eyes and fleas. He nursed her back to health and the two of them formed an impressive, inseparable bond. Before his death I had never touched her; she did not let me. Only he could come near her. It is also possible that she experienced some degree of trauma as a result of my fathers death being that she was in the house for a significant amount of time with his body after his death. It was pretty clear that she was not all taken care of in the days leading up to his passing as there was no water bowl, an empty food bowl, and no litter box at the time my father’s body was found. The police officers who responded left the cat in the apartment after removing his body. What the fuck, I know. My sister and I found her there two days after his passing when we went to retrieve his belongings. We did not know what to do with her as we each had two animals of our own in our respective states and so we took her to the human society. We explained our predicament and understandable attachment to the cat and they held onto her and cared for her until we were able to arrange for my sister to take her back home with her to California, where she already had two other cats. It went smoothly and was beautiful. But once in California it became clear that no three cats were fond of one another, understandably so in the context of felines, but Jazz has been incredibly hostile since her arrival. She attacks the other two cats multiple times a day, going as far as giving one of them an eye infection from such a large scratch, and has given my sister and her girlfriend multiple scratches as well. She is territorial over the two humans and will launch at the other cats when they come near. The other cats, Bowie and Luna, sleep in the living room now and Jazz sleeps in the bedroom, where they used to sleep. If my sister and Heather have the other two cats in the room and Jazz is for whatever reason somewhere else she will slam herself into the door if closed, attack the cats if possible, and scratch my sister and her girlfriend. We believed it to be a temporary thing at the beginning but it has proven that Bowie, Luna, and Jazz do not like one another. Anyway, this has been going on for about three months and nothing has gotten better. Jazz scratches, hisses, launches at, and slaps the other two cats on a daily basis, and it has transcended the point of adorably territorial. The other two cats are bleeding regularly and feel uncomfortable in their own home. How can we help Jazz assimilate and feel welcomed and equal in this new territory? How can we help the other cats not feel threatened by her presence? How can we re-establish the relationship that exists between Jazz and the cats? Most of all, how can we help Jazz feel secure, wanted, and important? Sorry if this sub exists specifically for physical ailments of animals, I just don’t know where to turn. Thanks for the help :) stay safe guys