It's been 7 months. WE are better than ever. I am not. These past two months have felt like we're in a legit normal relationship, with very little to almost zero fighting. I've been having so much fun. The problem is I do find myself closing off and diverting conversations. I can't start any uncomfortable conversation. It feels almost paralyzing. EVERYTHING triggers and it can be either lightweight or heavyweight triggers. I don't want to talk to him or even let everything off my chest because I'm worried about ruining our present. When we argued in the past it would ruin either vacation, time with friends, or just make for a shitty weekend. It made me WAY more unhappy and hate him even more. He's been doing the greatest job, he's followed all the reqs for this to work. He's so good to me that I think that he's only being nice and caring because he knows how much he has hurt me... which like I should be totally ok with and is good. But for some reason I associate it with him doing something behind my back and he needs to do these good things to make himself feel better. Ew, I sound insane. But then the other side of my mind is trying to defend him. So I just feel like my brain has been in a 7 month trial, debating whether he can actually be trusted again. I'm one really stressed out lawyer (clarification: that was a joke, not an actual lawyer). Anywho, back to how I can't let it out or talk about it. I just feel like he's been working really hard and is going through really tough stuff at work and I've basically become a ball of depression and don't feel worthy of my problems and thoughts. He tells me all the time that I am always enough, but like idk ironically his words aren't comforting enough anymore so why waste time on him trying to comfort me. Unfortunately, I don't feel comfortable talking to my friends about it. They already think I'm a fool for staying with him, aka reenforcing my unworthiness. Ugh I hate everyone. All they want to hear is that we're doing good and that he's treating me right. It might not be roses and butterflies, but I want this to work. He is the literal man of my dreams. Thank you guys for being an outlet. Hoping this relieves some anxiety. What has helped you all with your anxiety?