First let me start off by saying I M(18) am entirely new to reddit and joined this community in hopes of working out my relationship issues with my girlfriend F(20). Let me start by explaining the story of my cheating. My girlfriend (we will call her B) and I have been together for almost 5 months and 5 days ago we were playing a game that involves giving my social media credentials. The game is irrelevant as, when B obtained my credentials she proceeded to log into my twitter account and read direct messages of mine from 2 months ago (January 16th) between me and the person I have cheated with (we will call them J). Within these direct messages was something along the lines of me saying “although I am in a relationship I have always had small shortcomings and feelings of attraction towards J”, and although I’m aware that this is extremely wrong in terms of a monogamous relationship, I had no intention of ever acting on these feelings. However, upon seeing these messages B calls me and immediately says we are done, we are over for good. I was confused, and hurt as to the fact that I personally didn’t even see what I did as cheating. Now at this present time I accept that yes what I did was wrong and have researched and discovered the term “emotional cheating”. Now whether my actions fall under this category are truly irrelevant as my only question is can we work this out? And I know that in the sense of every relationship no one person can say the relationship can or cannot be saved. But 2 days after cutting me off completely and posting all over social media about her “cheating scum of an ex boyfriend” B calls me and says she tried to go on a date and feels like complete shit. Fast forward we are on speaking terms again however cannot be in contact due to the pandemic and everything that’s going on. I’ve written tens of letters and spoken thousands of apologies and I understand that the 5 days is not a long time, however through all of this, and saying that she wants to talk to me, she has extremely rude and insulting. I see this as only consequences and  repercussions of my actions, but is constantly bringing up and relating conversations to the cheating a form of emotional abuse? I’m just confused in the sense that she says she wants to eventually call me her boyfriend again and says a part of her loves me, but then relates everything to J despite the fact that following her seeing the messages I completely cut off J and explained to her that I no longer have those temptations and feelings. I just feel emotionally hurt but just want to know one, is our relationship salvageable, and two am I being emotionally abused or should I endure the pain of being called quote “a cheating lying scumbag pig who doesn’t deserve love of any kind” when she still says she might want a relationship in the future? Thank you for your time.