Hi guys, thank you in advance for reading. I never know how to start stuff like this so I'm just gonna jump into it. I'm a NT (24F) looking for advice on a situation regarding my friend (25M) with Aspergers. We befriended each other a few months ago and since then I've been reading this sub a lot amongst other resources to try and gain a better understanding of Aspergers and to be a better friend, so I thought this would be the perfect place to ask for help. As far as my understanding goes he's been going through some tough burnout for about 1-2 months. In early April he told me that he needed to socially withdraw in order to focus on his stress, which is completely understandable. He's got a lot on his plate and being quarantined has completely thrown off his future plans in regards to moving and school. He told me that he still wanted to talk, but to allow him time to respond. Again, completely understandable. We've only had a few conversations since, but when we did he'd normally respond within a day or two. We mainly would communicate through text or tumblr. The last time we've talked was on April 23rd, since then I noticed he deleted his blog which seemed very personal to him so I tried to reach out just to see if he was okay - that was on Wednesday and he hasn't responded yet. I sent him another message earlier today telling him that we didn't need to have a conversation, but that I'd appreciate some sort of indication that he was safe. I'm trying to be patient but I personally have been having bad anxiety regarding this and just want to know that he's okay rather than be kept in the dark. I've been considering calling him later (like in a few days later) if there's no response but I don't know his personal stance on phone calls and don't want to stress him out any further if he doesn't like them. My fear is that if I try to contact him too many times that he'll just flat out block me, which would effectively end our communication altogether. What do you guys think would be my best course of action here, should I just chill out and wait? If I should continue to try to reach out what do I say?