last night, i was with one my friends. she had her boyfriend over who was very sweet and overall a good guy. i’d been snapping and talking to this guy for a few week. also, i’m seventeen years old and i’m female. i must say, however, i’m not the kind of girl to just talk and invite to hang out with any guy i barely know. but, he knew all the right words to say. he’s only a year older than me and he seemed very sweet and kind. well, long story short, i invite him to my friends house (her parents weren’t home) and he comes. prior to his arrival, i had told him specifically i did NOT want to do anything sexual and did NOT consent to doing anything other than just getting to know each other (which he claimed he only wanted to do.) ofc, i’m stupid and believed his hollow words. sure enough, the moment he got there he kept insisting that me and him went upstairs. i wasn’t comfortable with that and kept telling him no. finally, i use the bathroom upstairs and when i exit, he’s sitting on the bed right outside the door. the door to the bedroom is locked and on instinct, i quickly rush to unlock it. i open the door and he tells me to close because the “music is too loud.” i refuse to lock the door and insist on it being open a little bit. he tells me to sit on the bed with him so we can “chat” and i do so. he begins to kiss me, which i was okay with ig, but i would’ve much rather be anywhere else. however, things got scary quickly. he began to straddle me and out his entire body weight on top of me. he started to pull off my pants and i told him no, shoving his hands away. at that point, i could see that his intentions were different from what he previously claimed. i got up and asked if we could go back downstairs to which he replied bitterly that i was giving him “mixed signals” and was being “selfish.” he convinced me to sit next to him and i’m itching to just scream for my friend downstairs who was with her boyfriend. before i can do anything, he’s on top of me again and this time he pulls down his pants and covers my eyes with his hand, shoving me into the bed. He puts it in my face. I panic and ask him to stop, which he doesn’t do. I yelled at him three times to get off before I shoved him away. he got really defensive then and said “stop acting like i’m going to rape you.” I scrambled up from the bed and feigned illness as an excuse to go back downstairs. i told him he should calls his friends to pick him up, but he attempted to make me feel guilty by claiming that he had just gotten there. i made eye contact with my friend, who knew immediately something was wrong. her boyfriend also sensed something was up and got between both me and the other guy. we came up with a story which prompted him to leave almost immediately. once i heard the door shut behind him, i burst into tears while my friend and her boyfriend comforted me. they were truly so supportive about it and offered me numerous ways to help. however, nothing could take away this awful disgusting feeling that was swarming in my chest. it’s almost been a day since then and i still feel horrific about it. i’ve tried to watch old disney movies and other stupid cartoons that i would never watch in my free time as ways to make me feel better, but to no avail. i feel like he’s taken away my happiness. i feel constantly uncomfortable and icky. i know it’s just been a day, but i still feel so sick. i have no desire to eat or drink. i’m recovering from bulimia and i’m fearful of a relapse. i just need to tell my story and get it off my chest because i’m not okay with what happened, despite what i tell my friends. i have terrible nightmares about if i hadn’t spoken up. will i ever stop feeling so sick? i’m fearful i won’t look at boys the same again. thank you for reading. i downloaded this app to tell this story. i hope i did so correctly.