 Let me start off by saying, I’ve never made a post on reddit. I wanna tell you anyone who is willing to listen my current situation .. I am a Good Pastures syndrome survivor. I’m my senior year of high school I ended up being diagnosed with this disease (good pastures syndrome) and I had kidney and lung failure at the same time. I spent about a good three months in ICU and the rest of that year I was in the hospital for about 6 months. For a large portion of that time I was on chemotherapy because it’s one of the ways the treat good pastures. My lungs made a full return but my kidneys didn’t and I’ve been on dialysis since then. I was only 18 when this happened to me and now I’m 26. Because of the nature of my disease I wasn’t able to get myself on a transplant list until I was in remission for two years. It’s been two years now without incident from my disease, and I’m finally on the transplant list. I was living with my dad who at the same time as me was also on dialysis. Last summer my dad passed away from complications due to his situation and I was homeless for a good two months just bouncing from friends house to friends house, and currently I am renting a room for about 500$ a month. I am on disability and I’ve been saving to try and get my own apartment because where I’m living now is just a bad situation for me. I basically live in a room that’s just a living room divided in two and the apartment is super old, mold everywhere and be told building management about this issue and they’ve come, take a room at it say they will be back and never do anything about it. I’m turning to reddit for help trying to move out on my own, because I’ve been saving and so far I have about 1,600 dollars saved but it’s been a slow grind for me to move because I struggle just to put away 200 dollars a month, time is a big issue for me because being on dialysis and being in my current situation has been affecting my health even more and I just don’t know where to turn anymore... any options that are viable are just too time consuming and I just don’t have the time anymore.. being here is starting to impact my health in a big way and I just can’t go to a shelter because I’m just too exhausted.. dialysis takes everything out of me.. I need a place that I can just come home, relax and get my transplant and recover peacefully. My father was the only family I have and my mother lives in a one bedroom with 5 other people.. I have literally two friends in the whole world and both of them are caught up with their lives.. I just don’t know .. what to do anymore .. I’m here to ask anyone to help me so I can move out of here.. literally anything would help me at this point