October 22nd of 2019 I moved to California from Wisconsin so it was pretty much right before this pandemic hit I left behind my little sister and mom, it was really hard for me to leave my moms side because she’s all I have. When I was 12 I lost my dad to suicide I now suffer from PTSD after discovering his body when he overdosed. I’ve had depression and anxiety(skin peeling) since I was 10 years of age. I also struggle with a learning disability which makes employers look at me like “Im going to be more work than the job”. I’ve tried proving to employers that I’m an exceptional employee but I feel like I get the rug ripped out from under me because I’m different? After moving to California before the pandemic I worked for a short time but was shortly let go from it and haven’t been able to hear back from ANYONE since then. I call out to business that I’ve applied to and usually am greeted with the same thing “we’ll get back to you”. “We’ll call you back” I usually end up calling them back but that’s seriously not important :). Since I’ve been here in the last 7 months I lost out on getting my stimulus because an Individual in my family thought it was okay to use my social security card so they could get extra money, I tried taking things to the IRS but trying to get through to an actual human is literally seemingly impossible I’ve done everything under the sun to try and help myself since I moved and nothing. I went to unemployment as well , edited some missing info on the job section and discovered that there are jobs listed on my employment history that I never worked at, so I try calling them to tell them to remove it and they won’t or just can’t, so I realized with a little more investigating that unemployment is no longer an option for me either. At this point and still with no job I seriously feel helpless. I tried doing freelance services (nothing explicit) like selling art commissions or animations. I love California a lot and I genuinely believe I have better opportunities here for myself then I did in my small town. My roommates mom has been on me about a job lately, I’ve had little to 0 income and she tries to be understanding about the pandemic and why it’s hard. I’m pretty quiet I stay to myself and don’t have many friends to be completely honest it’s hard for people to understand me, I’ve been told by people that I make a lot of weird face expressions which leads me to believe I might have a form of autism. (so I’ve been told) in the apartment I try to stray away from eating and doing pretty much anything that will use “resources” in the house because I feel bad about using things I didn’t help pay for or can’t replace. I know not a single soul in California all my family lives in Wisconsin so I’m pretty much alone when it comes to “help”? And don’t really know how to ask for it so this is new for me. Could someone help me ? Lead me in the right direction with steps ? I’m truly lost now and have no idea how to improve my life at the moment I feel like I’m starting to give up and I don’t want to but everything literally seems impossible for me with how things keep getting stopped by huge roadblocks.