I’m honestly only on here asking this because I just woke up and I’m a little scared, and google isn’t giving me any answers. So here it is - throughout my life I think I may have had 3 out of body experiences... and a few minutes ago being the third. The only reason I’m not completely sure about them being astral projection is because they were all very short and I didn’t seem to go anywhere, but I’ll go ahead and describe each one so y’all can get a better understanding. The first one was years ago, and I just so happened to fall asleep very comfortable and relaxed. Suddenly I felt myself begin to lift and basically hover between my body and the top of my bunk bed. I never opened my eyes, but it felt extremely peaceful. I can’t remember how or if I went back into my body, but when I woke up I felt scared because for some reason I got it in my head that I had died for a second or something. I didn’t know what to make of it. My second experience was a couple months ago, and again I had fallen asleep comfortably. While asleep, I actually opened my eyes and saw my room, but I also saw a musician I liked who recently died sitting in the corner. I found it rather scary, so I closed my eyes again. When I opened them back up, he was hovering over top of me and looking at me, and I also saw out of the corner of my eye a white figure standing at the end of my bed. So I freaked out and clenched my eyes shut. Now for this next part I need y’all to know that I have a history of sometimes being able to realize when I’m dreaming, and I can forcibly wake myself up when I’m scared. So after I clenched my eyes shut I became self aware and started to tell myself to wake up over and over again. But instead of waking up immediately, I began to feel my body completely turn and float around to the other end of my bed - meaning my head was now at the foot of my bed. And I didn’t move at all or open my eyes, I was still in the same position, I had just felt myself drift. At this point I was still scared and telling myself to wake up, and somehow I did without even knowing it because I slowly unclenched my eyes and started to look around, and I realized I was back at the top of my bed and I wasn’t asleep anymore. Now the third experience that I JUST now had was what made me really question myself about this shit. So I fell asleep extremely comfortable. Suddenly I felt my body begin to drift like it did the last time, I wasn’t moving but I was floating downwards and going head first. My ears were ringing loudly and I heard lots of people yelling and shouting. I opened my eyes and I saw complete darkness. Then suddenly I was awake, again without even knowing it. I looked around and saw blotches in the dark almost like I had just looked at the sun or something, and my ears were still ringing. It took me a minute to process what had just happened... and now I’m here. With the light on in my room because I’m nervous about going back to sleep. Can anyone tell me what the hell is happening to me?