So my sun sign is Leo and when I was younger I was a very shy kid and only really my true self when I was around my friends or people I was comfortable being myself around. my teachers and adults would always comment on how shy and quiet I was. But around friends and family I could be quite a crazy Leo lol. But I’d say I’ve come out of my shell a lot more being a teenager and I’m not as shy! But still can be shy around authoritative figures, just depends on how comfortable I feel around them. but around other kids my age I’m not super shy but I won’t just go out of my way to make friends either. I’d say I do have a lot of emotional maturity when it comes to things. I don’t really have a lot of friends to be honest I mean I do have a lot of acquaintances but not a lot of friends that I truly have an emotional bond with ya know? Like a best friend. I am an emotional person I cry easily when confronted by my mother, I can’t keep my tears in and I consider myself to be considerate towards other people’s feelings, especially people I know and love like my family members. I could never just make a decision and totally disregard how it could potentially make someone I care about feel. so what I’m saying is I am an emotional person. But like I said I can also be a crazy Leo lol, very loud around friends and family and likes to just be silly and over the top. I’m also very imaginative , especially as a kid. I daydreamed all the time, I love making up my own stories and I really love to read fiction !! I’ve always just wanted to make cool fantastical stories of my own and read them!! I am creative too and love photography! It’s something i am pursuing right now. I can be moody and argumentative with family members, they describe sometimes as a “know it all” who doesn’t like to be proved wrong. I can be very lazy and inflexible as well. So I really want to know what my moon sign is. I don’t have access to my birth time yet, so in the mean time I’d like everyone to maybe just make a predicament!! It would be very fun to read the responses!!