Title pretty much sums it up. A few days ago I was in my home and had decided to take a few grams of mushrooms then meditate and hopefully induce a successful AP. When I got about an hour into the psychedelic meditation, I felt myself being pulled up through the familiar wormhole and when I popped out on the other side I immediately was face to face with an incredibly intense stare from a pair of yellow eyes with a solid black slit as a pupil. As the seconds flowed past I saw the eyes belonged to a green scaley reptilian being who was wearing a FUCKING LABCOAT and I immediately felt this sensation of having information being downloaded into my head. Basically what I was "told" (if thats even the right word to use) was that the reptilian being and I were the same thing (at our cores) and that actually everything that exists is the exact same thing and the only reason I experiences terror when seeing the reptilian was because I was viewing them from the perspective of the "costume of a human" if that makes any sense, and that when I die I can chose to become a reptilian and vise versa and really everything in the entire cosmos is the same exact being and this whole entire plane of existence is like some sort of stage or play or arena where we come to experience specific roles for specific reasons. I saw that this reptilian being was the smartest, or more accurately I should say a being who had developed their left brain intellectualism to lightyears beyond our own comprehension and somehow had the ability to psychic connect with my mind and "read" literally everything that I was and it was fucking terrifying, yet somehow not terrifying. It was terrifying to the human aspect of me but enlightening to the...immortal God aspect to me? It all happened so fast that after a few moments the adrenaline kicked in and i panicked and was shot back into my body. Ive been trying to process this for the past couple days and would really like your guys input on exactly what in the flying fuck i should make out of this. Please and thank you to all who've read thia far.