Mercury rules two signs, both mutable energies, but one emphasizes the qualities of air (Gemini) and  the other earth (Virgo). I think of Mercury's double ruler-ship this way: Gemini is the messenger we know from myth who facilitates communications between higher sources of knowledge and the Self (the other side of Gemini is Sagittarius). Virgo is Hermes the Psycho-pomp, guide of souls, who facilitates knowledge from the depths of the collective unconscious and brings it to the Self (the other side of Virgo is Pisces). So right now with Venus retrograde in Gemini, all the people out there with Virgo in Venus are going through a transit where the two versions of Mercury are squaring off against each other in a way where it's impossible to hide from the truth. Any kind of self-deception Venus in Virgo may have been using to cope with relationships that have conflict is beginning to crumble. The painful truth of how much shit they've been unfairly taking OR doling out to people is becoming apparent. Venus in Virgo has a tendency to chose partners and friends that don't appreciate or respect them fully, and this transit is going to make things so uncomfortable for them that they'll be forced to restructure a lot of their internal beliefs about their relationships, both regarding how they're treated and how they treat others. If you have someone with Venus in Virgo in your life, you may feel like they're forever critiquing the way you do things, always adding little adjustments and details to the task. This is how they show they care - they try to help. The thing to watch out for, the warning sign that Venus in Virgo is disconnecting from you, is if they stop doing this. If your naturally "naggy" Venus Virgo partner has stopped bugging you, it means they're pulling away, and you might want to approach them gently about having an emotional check-in. If you have Venus in Virgo, this is the time to really get serious about being on your own side. Your relationships aren't messy because of your perceived imperfections. There are two people in every relationship, so putting all the pressure on yourself to "fix" things is silly. This is the time to be brave and ask for what you need. It is also a time for Venus in Virgo to remember that loving yourself is the most important part of having healthy relationships.