On the night of the 4th of april i experienced something kinda scary and unusual. I do have a lot of dreams where i feel very conscious in them but this felt different. I went to sleep only to wake up in between 3 and 4 am for some unknown reason. Couldn't sleep so i started meditating. But then i remembered that i once read online that to do an Astral Projection, it could help if you woke up around this time (3-4am) and just stay completely still and visualise yourself in some way to pull yourself out of your body. So i started doing that, stood completely still, visualising myself being pulled in the air by an UFO (one i see often in dreams). Some time later i started feeling extremely itchy all over my body and like vibrations in some parts. I did my best not to move and that's when the weird stuff began to happen. I was voluntarily not moving, but i still had the feeling i was paralyzed and my eyes began to feel heavier and heavier, like they were about to sink through my head. The same thing happened to my arms and legs. Instead of flying up in the air towards the UFO, i felt like i was going to sink through the floor. I started hearing noices, like wind, then a boom that sounded like a sonic boom or thunder that's far away and had the feeling that my arms and legs were started to float. I came back to my senses after i felt a shock going through my body and saw that everything had a blue colour to it. I was extremely confused and then i got scared when i saw a man in a blue glow appear in front of me and extended his hand to me. I didn't dare to grab it. I looked down and saw that i was floating in the air. I looked at my hands and they were also glowing with a blue light. I started panicking after that, and the man was still staring at me, even tho he didn't have a face due to the glow. Directly after that i heard the same boom and everything went black. I woke up after that, completely confused about what happened. It felt like the whole thing only lasted for about 2 minutes. From what i've read it looks like this could have been an Astral Projection, but i am not 100% sure because i do dream a lot too and it could very well be another lucid dream. As i said before, it felt different than any dream i've had before. I've also been trying to find out who this man was, but it is kinda useless due to the fact that he didn't have facial features. What do you guys think? could this be an astral projection? It sure was one of the scariest experiences of my life for some reason.