I was staying at my boyfriends house; he is a successful AP’er. I have always been active in the dream world but never able to AP. Last night,   I had the urge to go to the couch, which is really unusual as we are heavy cuddlebugs. But I did it.  I don’t remember falling asleep. My projection was somewhere that felt very much like Earth. He was with me, but it didn’t feel like him. It was like, opposite of him but still him? He had dress clothes and glasses on, all things that used to be his style but he lost his glasses 20y ago and I’ve never seen a pic before. Also we are almost always in sweatpants hahah. Anyway, he took me to what felt like a basement and we were walking around a kind of dingy place and he was not himself AT ALL. He was constantly texting, being kind of rude, etc. So after i did the whole ‘omg is this it, is this projecting?’ spiel with him, he was kind to me but still uninterested in me. I asked him what was happening and ‘thought’ I went back to the bedroom and there was another girl in the bed and i came ‘back’ to where we were talking and he was still texting and i was like what the fuck. I asked him why the girl in bed and who is he texting; they were two different girls. I asked him why he was doing this when my body was in the other room and i was currently with him projecting? He said he was lonely. I asked him to take me back, because i was scared to do it on my own. He summoned like a crazy compass/medallion button on the wall and said this was his go back button but i could use it if i wanted to. He said I would meet his person who helps him back, and not to be afraid. I tried, but couldn’t get anywhere; when i went to touch it it disappeared. So we start walking around talking about things that I didn’t want to and we were in like an old laundromat. I asked him if it was really him and he said yes, and I was like well I am going to wake you up and ask you what you saw here and see if it matches mine. He was like ya sure wake me up as soon as you want. That made me worried tbh, i don’t know enough about the plane to know if waking someone up who is separated is a bad thing. Anyway, he didn’t really care. I went to ‘my car’ because i had jr mints in there and I grabbed em. People were protesting in front of my car for some reason. Its a weird detail but it stands out for some reason. So I am back in the laundromat, and I’m looking at all the machines and I start to see my name on all of them; it was like i was searching for my go home button and just rearranged all the letters to my name. Pseudo bf looks at me finally and goes, oh i see what you’re doing and then like... left. After I looked at all the machines with my name on it an attendant showed up with a clipboard. I told her I wanted to go home, she said there should be a button over this way. She took me to it; I asked her who was going to help me home and she gave me the name of someone I have never met. Not an uncommon name, just not a family name of anyone who had passed in my life. So I summon my button, she gives me a crash course on what I’m going to feel and said chi mi a-rithist thu, gaelic for see you later. My button was beautiful, but my compass/medallion had an animal on it which i never would associate with myself, but it was amazing. I touched it and felt like I was walking through a tv and then all of a sudden I’m floating down to my body on the couch, very slowly. It felt like I was on the floor with my legs and arms up. As I was floating down, I saw pictures, more like pictographs. It felt like a warning. Or it was just showing me what happened. I don’t know. My boyfriend is not that guy; he’s very loving, kind, considerate and thoughtful. I truly don’t believe he would do that to me. However; i did feel a weird energy in the room that made me want to leave it to go to the couch. I honestly don’t feel like it was him. I feel like it was someone playing with my fears. Am i crazy?