Hello! I've been browsing around here for a while and decided I wanna throw my experience and opinion with these bumbling idiots. I believe these all are fucking idiots. they should be arrested for endangering the public. They are harming them and everyone around them. I'll admit, I have not read the entire bible, but I do know the horrors that are in it AND also know how many bible verses from jesus these assholes are breaking! Lets start with the people who keep going to church.  ***Acts 17: 24 " The God who made the world and everything in it, being Lord of heaven and earth, does not live in temples made by man,"*** This describes that you do not have to go to church to worship. You don't have to be around others to worship. These assholes never think about anyone but themselves. Its sickening. Another verse ***Mathew 6:5 - And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites \[are\]: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward. "*** Thats another verse about not having to go to church. Hell, it is all but insulting the people who are doing this stuff.  If they want to worship so much, do it at home, do it on a zoom call, or whatever! don't put others in danger! Actually follow what the damn book says! The bible app is free! I just do not get these people. it hurts to see them give Christianity a bad name, well, there's a lot of thing giving it a bad name. those fucking pedo preists...disgusting fucks. Those snake oil salesmen and megachurch pastors that manipulate their followers for money. Disgusting. Hell, in the bible Jesus beat some fuckers with a whip because of what they were doing!  ***John 2: 13-16" And making a whip of cords, he drove them all out of the temple, with the sheep and oxen. And he poured out the coins of the money-changers and overturned their tables. And he told those who sold the pigeons, "Take these things away; do not make my Father's house a house of trade". "***  I dispose these people and so does my BISHOP grandfather. I go to talk to him a lot about this stuff. He agrees with a lot of the stuff I've heard here and I do too. He has a unique way of looking at the bible that gives it more context than most people think, but besides that, not all Christians are like that. The majority of them hate these people as much as you. If any of you all have any questions, just ask and I'll answer them all.