I live in Eastern Europe I find it interesting that western media potrays Orthodox Christian countries as a hyper religious societies when the reality is that nobody I know actually reads the Bible and goes to church. For example my country is really homophobic and in western media its portrayed as consequence of Orthodox influence. The reality is people are not homophobic here because of religion, they are homophobic because of the patriarchal society that is core part of our culture. For example we have one of the highest abortion rates in Europe and literary nobody including church gives a fuck about it because it doesn't influence their view of how society should look like. Also here religion is more of a display of collective national indentitiy then of a particular belief system. I am an atheist as well as my boyfriend. His dad side of the family is an Irish Catholic. The other day I had an interesting conversation with my dad. He is a self proclaimed Orthodox Christian but he never read the Bible and also has huge fear of death because he doesn't belive in afterlife. He said to me that if me and my boyfriend ever have kids I should baptise them in Orthodox Church. I said you know we are atheists right, I would rather die then force a religion on my children. He said it doesn't matter that you are atheists, you can still baptise them in Orthodox Church because I don't want people to think that my grandchildren are Catholics (because my boyfriend's family is part Irish and he was baptised in Catholic Church as a baby). This mentality is shared by most people in my country, they don't really care what their family members really believe in in as long as they are not the so called "others". The West has been perceived as biggest the enemy of my country for quite some time and the West happens to be Catholic and protestant. Catholics and protestants are perceived as the enemies not because they have different belief system. They are the enemies because they are dominant religious dominations of the countries that happend to be our enemies. I the guess experience of religion is different depending on where you live. But my experience led me to belive that religion is more of a weapon of bad ideologies and patriarchal societies then anything else. I think that many people just use already fucked up belief systems to justify their internal xenophobic tendencies and to preserve patriarchal society that they directly benefit from. Everyone in my country says that they hate LGBTQ because the Bible says its a sin for example, but the truth is even if the Bible didn't exist they would still be as homophobic as they are now.