To start off I'm from the Middle East and currently live there. I have faced more racism and violence here then I have when I visited the states for a few weeks. Islam dominates everyday life here, Muslims if given the chance would gladly kill you if you are a Shia, Kurdish, Christian, Alawite, Yazidi. They may appear warm and welcoming to forgeiners here but they possess an extremes sense of superiority and behind closed doors their welcoming gestures to you are a form a belittlement. Walk in to the wrong neighborhood and have someone find out you are of a different faith, best case scenario you end up in the hospital and not have your corpse paraded in the street. They think they are more intelligent than most races, they are openly racist, practice slavery and see nothing wrong with it. Media, Internet, and books are censored, there is an acceptance of prosecuting minorities here because and I quote "if we let them practice freely and spread their ideas they will will corrupt our youth and Islam" and just look up arab tv shows on youtube if you don't believe me. You know what its like facing racism in your own country I m sure African Americans can understand how it feels. And Muslims in the west are just as conniving as they are here boy the things I heard them say in the US  the way they talk about Middle Eastern minorities with such hate and savagery I over heard many of them discussing that crap in Middle Eastern Restaurants there. I can't wait to get out of this place and away from all these bigoted narcissistic fucks, Arabs killed more Arabs than Israel and the US did and were much harsher in the way they did it but ofcourse they don't see it that way because the miniorities they kill don't matter. Ofcourse there are some secular Middle Easterns but I will never trust them because to you they may appear innocent enough but you never know what goes on behind your backs. FYI I m talking about every single Arab country from Sudan to Egypt to Tunisia to Morocco to The Gulf States Lebanon Iraq Syria Yemen Somalia and I have been to most of them and if you are of a Middle Eastern minority in any of them you are in danger and trust me they can find out easily by looking at your name your skin tone and accent. I hope one day I can get far far away and never will I have children so long as I live in this region.