The Alpha Exposure article was a clear act of desperation of a group that is facing massive losses on their ATHX short position. There have been about 10-11 million shares short of ATHX for some time. Since the trading range has been fairly narrow they most likely shorted around $1.5 per share for an investment in excess of $15 million. If they could drive the stock down to $1 they would make 50% or a $5 million profit.  Most recently the shares were at $1.2 where the shorts would be up by $3m.  For some time shorts had been trying to drive the shares down by daily selling near the end of the day to prevent any early day advances from holding.  Near the close of after hours trading shorts would sell a few shares at the bid price to “paint the tape” (illegal) to paint a negative view of the shares.  Then after the most recent earnings call the shares went to $2 to $3 to $4.  At $4 the shorts had a paper loss of $25 million and if the shares were to go to $12 they would have over a $100m paper loss.  So they were desperate to find a way to take the shares down so last week they did a test mid day to sell several hundred thousand shares which resulted in a 20%+ share drop.  The shares recovered quickly and headed higher.  They then realized the shares could go parabolic because ATHX had telegraphed the BARDA deal and other potentially positive upcoming news.  So they fabricated the seeking Alpha article to drive the shares down and provide themselves an exit before being faced with massive losses. Whether they exited or not is hard to say but if they didn’t nothing has changed for the company prospects which will potentially materialize in a series of upcoming positive news releases.  If they did not get out they will be faced with $100m+ losses on this single company which might be enough to take their firm down.  In addition, they will be facing investigations from the SEC and other federal organizations.  A detailed review of the trading patterns of the stock over the last several months by the SEC should uncover who the culprits are, their techniques and provide evidence to the federal agencies investigating them.