I just had a nasty breakup a few months back with my ex who I really thought loved me but he legitimately abandoned me... He has spinal pain, has to use a cane to walk, and said he was going to a state hospital anywhere from a few years to forever where he was gonna get meds that would turn him into a vegetable but he would eventually die from the pain... He apparently lied to me and I had to find out from his best friend that he's not at any hospital and is living with someone else... I don't have any proof that he was cheating on me because he lived with the aforementioned best friend and I trust her. He and I have dated before but because he was so seemingly hesitant to date anyone, let alone me (despite the fact that we pretty much acted like a couple already), I thought he had matured and changed after years of being apart. It stings just as much as it did the first time we broke up but I'm not letting him into my life a third time. He made his choice to lie to me, ghost me, and potentially cheat on me. He is a coward, he should've told me from the very beginning that he didn't want to actually date me seriously. The woman he's living with was going to help him set up a new band (the former one he was in broke up) but she was also making sexual advances towards him. When my ex was with me, he fought his urges because I thought he respected that I was asexual but it seems as though he just didn't want to fight anymore (assuming he did actually cheat on me). I would never assume mental illness is a deciding factor into anyone's behavior but I don't doubt his schizophrenia had some play into it. Because he ghosted me, I have no real explanation as to why he left me, why he treated me this way, or what I did to deserve any of this (because again, I have no real evidence that he ever cheated on me; living with another person isn't good enough)... This whole thing eats me up because he called me to say goodbye before he was gonna leave to the hospital. He was even gonna turn off his phone, I had to wrangle some way to talk to him while he was there; gave me his email but then still ghosted me. I text him to comfort myself but he texted back pretending to be a married woman with children! My mom did the same but hid her number and he said he was a "married man"... Another lie because he's never married anyone ever. I wish he would just grow a pair and face me, even if I break down. Knowing is far better than not knowing and being treated like garbage... My worst fear came true and since I can never seem to find someone with a secure attachment style to rub off on me, I feel like I'm doomed to be alone forever... 😭 I can't stop thinking about my ex, I wish we had never met as kids, I want to forget he even exists because clearly I no longer exist in his mind... I just want someone to love me as I am!