Hi, I just discovered this group. I'm 27, F, and even though I've had very obvious symptoms of ASD (Aspie) my whole life, I only got a diagnosis last year. I am high functioning, but I still have a lot of problems that I'm hoping people on here who also have Autism can help me understand and deal with better. Because I lived my life not diagnosed with Autism for so long, my life was very hard, and I have a really hard time making friends. I'm very lonely. Life seemed easier in school and college because even though my parents are emotionally abusive and emotionally negligent, my mom took care of me and made sure I got to school. I have a deep interest in Asian cultures, so in college, I studied abroad in South Korea. I made friends in the semester, but after I left, they stopped messaging me. I live in a very small and backwards part of the USA, where there is no places that help adults with Autism, just kids. In 2015-2017, I attempted to live in Korea as a teacher by myself, but each time my jobs took advantage of me, and at every job, someone sexually assaulted me. Dating was hard because since my dad was abusive, red flags are hard to spot and I got raped a few times. Living alone was hard because  I had sensory issues, and could not remember to do things to take care of myself. I left in 2017 because this whole event traumatized me and returned to my small town to live with my mom, got on meds that kept me bedridden, and have felt sick for 3 years since. We have communication issues because even though I tell her exactly how I feel, she has always been frustrated that I need help learning how to do things people my age can do, like pay bills or taxes or rent. Many concepts of the adult world do not make sense to me. I have not been able to stay at any job I've had for more than 8 months. The jobs I've had made me feel suicidal because there is no work here for my degree (Art degree) and all other jobs require things of me that are difficult because of Autism (customer service, fast paced, multitasking, working with lots of people, mostly restaurants or grocery stores). I feel like I was born into a world I'm not meant to exist in, and that doesn't want me. My dream is to learn how to live alone successfully, and have a job related to Art I can make a decent wage with (not graphic design, I'm not trained for that). My mom is always upset at me for the shortcomings I have due to Autism, and tells me I'm too much and difficult, and I haven't spoken to my dad in 6 years. How have you all learned to live in this world as adults with ASD?