Hello, let me start by saying how deeply I love and care for my husband. We are in our mid twenties, and have been together since we were teenagers. I have known from very early in our relationship that he has autism. His mother told me privately, when we had one of our first big fights. I honestly could not tell. He is very very sweet. And sensitive. He would cry a lot over seemingly little things, and I chalked it up to being new adults.We also faced some intense pressure because we both come from poverty, and desperately wanted out. So we were working and going to school. Lots of stress. Now that we are married, living together, and we are going to try and get pregnant soon. Our dynamic has changed. He and I are older, our personalities have rounded out a bit. Now that he is a man (I almost want to cry saying this because it has warmed my heart growing up together) he cries less, but it comes out in the way he speaks. Mean and cold tone. When he is upset we basically are unable to communicate. He becomes defensive, and he literally cannot understand what I am trying to say. Does not help I am not an English speaking native. He takes things very literal. word for word. I am a patient woman, and I believe he is my soul mate, so this has been hard but it has never threatened our relationship because he can acknowledge that he has trouble understanding sometimes. We just revisit when things are more calm. But I have noticed some troubling behaviors. He moves things a lot. Such as rearranging the rooms in our home, kitchen cabinets, books, etc. If we are not in the same room he will become uncomfortable from the silence (or maybe my lack of presence) in that room and he will clear his throat a lot and finally will follow into the room. I do alot of the housework, I work full time as a chef, so I also cook dinner for him every night. I have done that for almost 2 years. The other night, i came home from work (new job because the service industry is not doing too well) and I was a bit later than I thought and was unable to thaw the meat in time for dinner to be ready when he got home and he lost it. He is a very big man (big and sweet hehe) and works very hard at his job so when he comes home he is usually starving. He really flipped out on me and I almost left him. He knows I do this for him out of love and kindness, and it is not to be expected. But I do it so often, that he does expect it, and I have become part of his life/routine that can be ‘threatened’ for lack of a better word. I truly hope this makes sense. I feel as though I have supported him very much and he is now reliant on me and his behaviors somewhat reflect this. I am worried because what if I die? And we have children. He recently quit seeing a shrink. He thought he didn’t need one and I believed him for awhile. I attribute to some of this because he is also unhappy with his job. I don’t mind doing these things for him and I don’t intend on leaving ever but how can I be the best wife I can while lovingly broaching the subject of seeing someone again?? He is very open and honest (receptive?) and therapy has done wonders for him in the past. I can’t help him in that respect. Thanks guys so sorry for my long nonsensical rant.