So my daughter is four. Due to some serious health and personal issues that I had last year, she didn’t get started in school until this week (which is super late, I know, but I’m a single mom and survival was our priority for the entirety of last year...I was bedridden for a portion of last year and couldn’t even leave my house for weeks at a time). It did not go well. My daughter is very prone to violent outbursts, primary directed inward (she bites herself, slaps, punches, and hits herself and sometimes others any time she’s angry or not given her way), and throws things, slams herself and objects around...you get the picture. I’m taking ownership and acknowledging that a major portion of that is more behavioral than autism related, because she has gotten accustomed to getting her way and during the worst of last year, ruled the roost so to speak. She’s a delight to be around when she’s happy but if she’s not, she’s difficult to endure...it breaks my heart but that’s literally what it becomes...enduring. I myself have ASD but I was raised by neurotypical and very strict parents who believed in severe corporal punishment. I don’t believe in spanking or hitting but even if I did, it seems like it would be entirely ineffective because she leaves herself covered in bruises when she gets spun up. She’s VERY intelligent and loving but can be manipulative and sneaky. I guess I’m looking for advice. Taking things away doesn’t help. Raising my voice doesn’t help, and I hate loud noises anyway. We have a “time out square,” which is just a square on a carpet in masking tape where she sits when she misbehaves. She hates it but it does little to deter her half the time. We’ve made a lot of progress in the last few months at home, but I would love any tips or suggestions or advice on things I can do to make her world less frustrating without being her doormat. I’m confident that she’s going to flourish once she starts getting into the swing of school, but in the meantime, I want to do everything I can to make the transition easy for her. Are there any books or resources that you’ve found that are helpful? Thanks in advance!