I made this account to both get answers and type away some of anxiety I've had these last two months... What is the best way to go about teaching kids to pet gently or stop squeezing their pets? I'm the caretaker of my family and both my halfbrother and my stepfather sadly have TBI's(Traumatic Brain Injury) from separate accidents. My little brother went from thriving with early learning on ABCMouse and then in preschool before the accident, exposure to an inhalent called DampRid classified to be safe for open-use around people but it caused us all to have a little trouble breathing and sadly made his airway close before we found it to be the cause. It was during allergy season so none of us really questioned it until it was too late. The lack of oxygen left him diagnosed as autistic and set him back by two years of learning. He went from talking normally before the accident, then babbling after, and now he has a major stutter with almost every word. He now is also a slow learner who has anger issues at both school and home. The accident was when he was four, now he's nine and has been trying to overcome his problems but during Christmas he watched a video of cats singing carols which made him start showing outright abusive behavior towards our cat. We adopted the kindest of kittens who seems to have been born with a great set of manners, he loves us all to death. Unfortunately my little brother now squeezes him and pets his head until his eyelids are stretched closed, making the cat cry or scream. He calls this making him 'sing' and refuses to stop, doing it whenever no one is looking. My stepdad was in a car accident which turned him from being the happiest man alive to the most constantly annoyed, stubborn, and forgetful man I've ever met. He sympathizes with my little brother and scolds both my mother and I, yelling that he bought that cat for my little brother and he could kill it for all he cares, then he'd never buy another cat again. When confronted to put the cat down my little brother either refuses to and squeezes tighter or throws it to the floor angrily and shrieks like a banshee which he's never done before. When asked why he does it he says either that he doesn't know and to stop asking or that he likes it when the cat 'sings'. We've owned two dogs before he was even born and he's never shown this type of behavior towards them, but that video triggered him to start doing this the last two months when we've raised the cat for seven months. The cat got attached to him as a friendly face during its first five months here so now it always approaches him and lets itself get hurt. We've tried to explain to him in every way that he's hurting the cat, but he just tells us to shut up or screams. Please, I'm pleading, does anyone know how to go about this? My last resort will be letting the cat out the front door(it's an inside cat who always tries to escape) when the whole house leaves and pray it doesn't find its way home...