First some backstory. When I first heard about self-sucking, I wasn't convinced it was even possible. I believed that maybe it would take a contortionist to be able to pull that off. I was a pretty thin guy around 120 pounds at the time when the thoughts started creeping in my head. I tried doing it a few times then by doing the lean against the wall method but the closest I could get was softly sucking on the very tip of my cock. I forgot about it relatively quickly and fast forward three or so years, I decided to try again except this time, I would keep going at it until I got it. I was a much bigger guy by this point, around 265 pounds so I was discouraged from the start. Surprisingly for my weight however, my gut isnt exactly large. It still gets in the way though so I thought about working out. I researched this sub for tips and scoured online every night for stretches I could do to help flexibility. It wasnt until a week ago I started the hot shower/relaxation routine and after a few attempts I was back where I started, softly kissing the tip. I was able to get some stimulation like this through licking my urethra but I was never able to cum doing it. Today was different however. This evening I got the hot shower, did some stretches and started watching some porn and browsing the internet. Because of my gut the wall lean method is very difficult to do now so I found it easier just to bend over pulling my legs up. So I did just that, I stripped a bit and started bending over but like every other time before I could only barely touch the tip of my cock. But instead of just forgetting about it and jacking off, I tried to modify how I was doing it. I positioned my cock so I could force it to face upward by pushing upward with my legs and I moved my right hand further down my left wrist to force the legs upward more. After jostling around I got a bit further and was able to suck around the head of my already throbbing penis. I got up from the position to allow my stomach to breathe and as soon as I sat down I got back to work. I did one thing different this time, when I got to the point where I could reach the head I slowly lowered just my knees to extend my cock. I tried to lick the head and found that I could reach way below where the head ended. By this point I started shaking with excitement. I lowered my knees just a little bit more and wrapped my lips around my dick. It wasnt exactly comfortable but I was able to move further down without any sharp pain. Because of my limited sucking distance I forcefully sucked up and down my shaft using my teeth to help stimulate my cock. To help me cum I started to massage the head of my penis with my tongue while licking and sticking my tongue into my urethra. For the few moments I was able to hold that position I felt more aroused and ready to fire a huge load than I had ever felt before. Alas, I didn't shoot my load into my mouth. I couldnt hold myself in that suck position for long and I'm still not sure how I feel about cumming in my mouth. I just edged in my mouth and then came on my floor. I was a massive load. I was shaking violently and I counted 8 long, fast streams of cum escape from my throbbing cock. I made a total mess and I couldn't have felt better even if I tried. The experience was so euphoric  it got me to stop lurking on this sub as an absolute introvert to write this story. Now that I achieved that with my gut, I'm going to actually start losing weight now because at this rate I'll probably be able to deepthroat myself without these extra pounds on me. I want to thank this sub and everyone on it for helping encourage me and providing tips. I'm definitely going to do this tomorrow and with some encouragement from you guys I might build up the courage to take a hot load in my mouth.