Hello everyone I got an interesting one here. The other day I was at the store and River red shirts called who had been laid off due to the reduction in hours and asked me to look up part and to see if we could price match it. my store manager has gotten us into the habit of only price matching local stores direct competitors etc. We tried to avoid doing online since some of those websites don't exactly carry the same warranty or quality of parts. anyway I found the part of fuel pump our cost was 189. He asked me to check if we could price match his at 1A Auto 484 99. now I'm not sure if this is blow cost or not but I told him I would check with the store manager since there was a huge difference and I would either get back to him or give him an answer when he got to the store. So I call her store manager and confirmed what his suggestion is. once I gave him the price he said no we could not do that  . a half hour later I go to lunch . Before I leave I explain to my coworkers what are manager at said about this particular part. While I am gone  to lunch the red shirt comes into the store and ask my coworker about the price match. Explain to him the situation and immediately the redshirt goes to our door or the regional managers number is posted and give him a call. He skipped right past store manager and the district manager. He gives his phone to my coworker who is another grey shirt and immediately the regional manager that's about the warranty and the shipping. Free shipping same warranty. And then says go ahead and let him have the part for the price match . At that point they do the transaction and you think he'd leave happy nope he loses it on my coworker. Talking about he will get him fired and they should just give it to us no matter what the warranty was. a little backstory this guy has worked with us but he's only worked a couple days a week until he was laid off he will be returning once the hours go back to normal and we can continue his training apparently because he should know about the warranty policy by now as far as price matching. Once I get back to the store my co-worker tells me what happened and I'm just kind of stunned by the guy's reaction not so much the fact that the regional manager gave information. I'm also stunned by the fact that he actually skipped over two levels of management and went ahead and called our regional manager. But I forget about it, until he comes back in the store for another part. he walks up to me and starts in on me and I explained to him that I wasn't here I had talked to the manager and because of the cost difference he is dead hesitated to authorize it. Because we weren't sure if it was below our cost or not and it's well over 50% off. I said but I'd be fine with it if we had permission from our district manager at least and he should have called either the store manager or district manager first. He starts in on me saying he's going to get me fired and I said let me explain something to you I said you're on thin enough I said it is and you're in here harassing people now I said as far as I'm concerned we won't be scheduling you again that's it I've already talked to her district manager about this and I said I did give regional call apologizing for bothering him on a Saturday for something that could have been handled at the store manager level or district manager level. He turned white as a ghost. The regional manager said that the guy seemed pretty angry and if he gave us any trouble to give him a call. So at that point that's exactly what I did. I explained the situation he said hand him your phone. He had this self-satisfied look when I hand in my phone and that disappeared within 2 seconds. Handed my phone back apologized and left. at this point I asked to regional manager if everything was okay should absolutely he said from now on when theres  such a price difference we will no longer do that for employees. And that he explained to the red shirt dead for this behavior after he hadn't gotten what he wanted I could easily write him up. In the two days since then he has called back trying to order parts and have them price matched and I promptly told him no shut him down and he just cursed me out over the phone so we wrote him up. He said since his other job pays better he won't be coming back. All this because he's so entitled and couldn't let something go even after he got something he wanted.