So after months of seeing nothing but absoulte praise, I started watching Avatar: The Last Airbender and finished today. To be honest, I thought I was going to watch an ep or two and be done with it. I saw the first season in one day (thanks quarantine!). Anyways, I started watching and I couldn't stop. Everything people said about how good it was, was true. Such an amazing and lovely show! No character felt forced or out of place or even boring! Even the minor recurring characters who appeared but a handful of times, had a purpose and were interesting characters. No one episode was boring or felt like a filler episode. Just an incredible show! Zuko's redemption arc was so subtle and nicely written, you can see him begin to change into who he is supposed to be when he decides to leave Iroh and towards the end when he did what he did before doing the thing he was supposed to do, I didn't hate him, but just hoped he will do what he is destined to. Iroh is one of my faves, he is so damn funny and enjoyable on screen! Katara was a perfect opposite to Aang and Sokka never felt like just another stupid comic relief. He was clumsy, a little slow at times and oblivious too, but he never felt forced as a character either! Azula, Ty Lee and Mai too, despite being the baddies were fun to watch and I had some genuine laughs with their shenannigans in the fire nation capital and at the party. I found Ty Lee to be very sweet from the get go and expected she would end her story in some kind of way as she eventually did! Now I could spend a few good hours on this essay but I just wanna say, it was lovely, brilliantly written, had some PHENOMENAL life lessons some huge, international multi million dollar per episode shows can't even begin to live up to! I loved the way Toph's dissabilities were adressed, and that they all loved her for who she was as opposed to certain someones in her life, I loved the running gag where the gang forgets her dissabilities because even though they never doubt her, or discredit her disabilities, it shows just how much the love and appreciate her and consider her an equal in every way that the last thing they associate with her, are her "feet"... Her face feet. (Sorry trying to avoid spoilers coz if anyone stumbles across this and wants to see the show PLEASE DO!) Also Toph was my absolute favorite, bar none. I loved seeing Aang deal with his inner conflicts, I loved seeing Sokka and Kattara grow, Iroh and Zuko find their peace, and ofc Toph, my sweet fluffy child doing whatever she wants BECAUSE WHATEVER SHE DOES IS PERFECT! Anyways... Amazing. Started watching Legend of Korra today, on episode 4 so I am not judging it yet and comparing to A: TLA but it made me sad to find out how much everything has changed! Anyways... Wow. 10/10