This is a complain that Ive been seeing for a long while now but one no one seems to want to talk about. So let's talk about it or at least get a discussion going to let people know what's going on here. Okay so before I start I'm going to say don't bother responding if you only read the title, please make sure you read my entire post so you know what's going on. It will be obvious if you reply without reading. I only want to bring attention to this since no one else seems to want to. This is going to be a long and emotion filled post because I care, so strap in. To start off, I always seem to see people say nothing is wrong with the Eagle Union, that they are all fine but then do nothing to show it. It's like a strange mentality with people claiming to support them, while never showing it and putting all their affection elsewhere, where it's deserved. Eagle Union costume and art designs are both very underwhelming and strangely very non-American feeling. Compared to the respective on most other factions in the game the Eagle Union lacks identity. Strangely it seems that the developers mostly bring out their best artists for everyone, except the Eagle Union. Also why is the Eagle Union lacking so much in thicc women? All the big chest, thicc women are not in the Eagle Union but everywhere else. The fans have shown they want the sexy girls, that's what they pay money in this game for. The flagships in the Eagle Union have no thiccness but everyone else does, including the new Russians. The Eagle Union has yet to receive any ships with designs, art and costumes that are on par with the likes of Taihou, Illustrious, Sirius, Dido, Azuma, Belfast, Formidable, Takoa, Atago, Prinz, Graf, Zara, Roon, FDG, Kirov, mostly the rest of the new Russians, all the other factions flagships ect. None of the Eagle Union ships received nearly as much attention from the players as those listed, among many more. Baltimore is the only recent one to receive any attention and she's already dropped off as her popularity didn't stick past 2019. Basically the Eagle Union in its current state is the most pathetic excuse for a faction. All the Union has is Honolulu and St. Louis, both who have been the Eagle Unions poster children since they came out, due to no other Eagle Union Union ship coming close to them in appearance and costumes. Although both have very limited use and are not SSR. Out of 100 something ships the USN has in the game, this is pathetic. This also applies to costumes and just the general designs of the Eagle Union ships. They really do lack effort when compared to nearly all other factions ship. From what Ive seen, this is a massive factor into why there's such low enthusiasm for the faction and why the faction is pretty much dead in the water. This is even put on display in the recent game, Azur Lane: Crosswave. Where the USN counterpart wasn't even popular enough to warrant getting a DLC like the rest did. This is such a shame because some  Eagle Union ships have very good costumes and art, in so much of the promotional material. In loading screens, art books, or anything basically not in the game itself. They simply refuse to put the actual good costumes and designs the artists made for the promotional material, in the game itself. People want those sexy ships, good art, good designs and awesome costumes, the Eagle Union just does not offer that for a faction with over 100 ship. Not to mention we don't really have any Eagle Union ships that fit as what people would expect from American ships turned to girls. Every other faction has a sorta identity to make sure you know what they're from but the Eagle Union doesn't. This could of been easily handled by giving them American themed costumes like Cowgirl costume, Nurse, Race Queen, Bunny girl, American action hero girl, Hollywood movie costumes, Roller skate girl, Hooters girl, American flag bikini, and Farm girl or just anything good really not necessarily American themed. Granblue Fantasy actually did this well with some of their classes. The Gunslinger, Soldier, and Assassin costumes for Djeeta would make perfect American themed costumes for Eagle Union ships. Lots of material for costumes can be gotten from American movies but yet Azur Lane does nothing. Hornet being a good exception, as she's one of the few American looking ships in the Eagle Union. Although even then she still suffers from pretty mediocre artwork for Azur Lane standard. She just has a really good design, and personality. There's so much they could give them and all those costumes can be smoking hot, sexy, cute or all of the above but they don't even have any of those things in comparison to the other faction. Say what you will about Kantai Collection but at least they did a really good job on most of their USN ships. You can tell right away what they're from and they have their own identity. Plus they mostly all look great, with Iowa still being the best looking and most recognizable American shipgirl in anything with ships turned to girls . You cannot say those things about nearly all of the USN ships in Azur Lane. Even warship girls did a better job, heck Girls Frontline did a great job with their American stuff..... So why is Azur Lane the only one botching them? Kantai Collection fan artists even make a decent amount of fanart with American and some non-American ships in the American flag bikini but in Azur Lane? Nothing, rarely ever do you ever see Azur Lane fan artist do anything like that. Btw nothing in Azur Lane's Eagle Union holds a candle to Kantai's Iowa and I don't think Azur Lane will even beat or match her with their own Iowa. That is unless they give her a similar look, which people love and are desperate to see. They did it with Gangut so why not Iowa? If Azur Lane cannot even release USN ships that are comparable able to Kantai's USN ships. Then what's the point of having a US Navy in Azur Lane? Iowa isn't even in Azur Lane yet but I have a feeling she's going to flop and suffer from all the problems listed above along with being really weak because the USN always suffers outside a few appearance gems like the Dakota's, North Carolina and Hornet for a few examples. Even then the legendary North Carolina is treated like garbage in this game. She says she has nothing special about her, yet one look at the real ship and its history will just make you see Azur Lane is intentionally downplaying a legend. I'm not personally a big fan of the Eagle Union for all these reasons. I'm a fan of the Royal Navy and Sakura Empire because of their sexy ships, mostly good ship designs with good costumes and strong ships but it still doesn't excuse the Eagle Union's terrible treatment. I want all to be loved and get good treatment. Despite not being my favorite in Azur Lane, I still hate seeing the greatest navy of all time with it's most powerful ships in human history, be treated so bad in Azur Lane. All in all Azur Lanes Eagle Union so far is a very bland, unattractive to the general audience and just the most unappealing portrayal of the USN as ship girls in anything. The new Russian ships are just the newest example of how bad the Eagle Union is. There's even one of them the SSR BB Rosslya, who has a costume that looks like it's from Die Hard movie, an American action movie but yet the Eagle Union, the actual Americans, have nothing of the sort. Instead it's just school uniform after school uniform, among the rest of the nearly all boring costumes. If they want to add school uniforms that's fine but don't add them in as the main costumes for a main event. Do it like the seasonal costumes, where a line of specific themed costumes comes out and doesn't have to be tied to any event. In the last event for the Eagle Union, Ashen Simulacrum, 3 of the 5 costumes were just school uniforms. Fallen Wings also, 2 of the 3 costume were once again just school uniforms. It's as if they don't even care to try with Eagle Union. Azur Lane just says, "whatever give them something, here school uniform, there we gave them something, whatever" "no ones cares about the Eagle Union anyways." Yes because the first thing I think of when I think USN, is school uniforms? What kind of treatment is that? That's better suited to Japanese ships but do you see them getting this school uniform only for your main event costumes treatment? No you don't. In fact, the last two large scale sea main event had no school uniforms for any of the ships present in them. Yet out of the Eagle Unions measly 2 events.. 5 of the 8 costumes in total were school uniforms!!! BTW how does Rosslya, a Russian ship have more American feeling with her costume, way better artwork, and a way better figure than the hero ship USS Enterprise? Why is it the case that any ship which looks like Enterprise, also looks way better than Enterprise, as demonstrated by Rosslya, Bismark and Kirov? Why does Kirov pretty much look how Enterprise should look, minus the jacket? Kirov without her sleeves is exactly how Enterprise should look. Everything about Kirov, especially the art, is how Enterprise should look. Even the base uniform for Kirov is similar to Enterprise, only way better. So why does Kirov, a Russian ship make a better Enterprise, than Enterprise? Enterprise is nothing compared to Bismark, Rosslya and especially nothing to Kirov. Enterprise as well all know, doesn't have very great artwork in the game compared to those mentioned look-alikes but why is that the case? This is the bloody USS Enterprise! Why would they get an illustrator who is way below the bar set by the rest of the game, to do the most historic ship in the game? With that the Eagle Union doesn't have its main flagship anymore. In fact, other factions have flagships that do her look better than she does. The Enterprise look-alikes look better than Enterprise. Enterprise has no relevance as a flagship anymore, with way better looking look-alike ships from other factions. I used to really like Enterprise as a leader ship but now with these new Russian additions that perfected her appearance. Why should I care about Enterprise? She's like an ugly bootleg version of these ships added after her. If anyone was just a fan of the Eagle Union because of Enterprise..Well what use is the Eagle Union faction now that other ships from other factions exist that perfected Enterprise's look? The Enterprise look-alikes have way better artwork, have actual good costume and most of all, their designs actually have good figures that are sexy and appealing to the vast majority of the player base in all regions. Enterprise lack all of those things, there's a reason people still prefer her default look over her costumes. The thing is, Kirov does Enterprises main look better than she does, by being great looking and still having that leader aura. Compare all the Enterprise look-alikes and see just how bad Enterprise fails. Enterprise's fellow faction flagships look the part but she does not, in comparison. She's  supposed to be the flagship of the USN in Azur Lane and she really is indicative of the Eagle Unions poor state as a whole. Just like the Eagle Union as a whole, Enterprise has failed. So why does the Eagle Union always have to suffer so much? How could this game and its makers, let this things happen? Is there some secret plan to diminish the USN from Azur Lane? Enterprise alone needs a complete re-haul everywhere and a new artist that will maker her look like how she deserves to look. To add on even more, even the very few events the Eagle Union has are of lower quality than the rest of the main Sea events. Out of the recent main events the Eagle Union has gotten the least amount of costumes with only 5 and one SSR didn't even get a costume. Meanwhile every other factions recent main event has gotten 6+ costumes, including all their respective SSRs. The new Russians even got a costume for every single Russian ship with 8 costumes in total. Something is obviously going on here and people really need to think hard on this because this type of thing is going to continue to get worse and worse. Azur Lane atm does not have the USN representation in its best interests. I really do believe Azur Lanes has made a mockery of the USN with its Eagle Union in this game. They are never shown in game to be the worlds strongest navy as they are in real life. With that Azur Lane has failed the USN with its Eagle Union. The Eagle Union really has no relevance in this game. Not in ships, not in story, not in power, not really in anything. I've been to the japanese side of the community and even some of them agree the Eagle Union has the least relevance of any faction in Azur Lane. Even its most historical ship is done better in other factions, resulting in many jokes about NTRing Enterprise in favor of her way better looking Russian look-alikes. Let's be honest, that's how most of us in all the Azur Lane communities are feeling about Enterprise after seeing those Russians. Just go check out the Japanese community as well, that's where I saw it first with them making fun of Enterprise over this. I doubt the NTRing Enterprise is going anywhere with her current state. That's the sad and sorry state of the USS Enterprise in Azur Lane. Also Enterprise has never been portrayed as strong in this game, her strength is never put on display in the story. Meanwhile other factions leaders have that done for them. All Azur Lane does is downplay the hell out of the USN strength and importance to try and make the other Navys feel even somewhat close to USN strength. Same goes for all the Eagle Union ships, they are treated the same way as Enterprise, as if they're nothing. This new event had the Eagle Union on the side just to show how little the game thinks of them. That's the only reason they are even in this event. They are there to be platform for the Russians to step on. All of this had contributed to the Eagle Union being overwhelmingly abandoned by the fan base. It's so bad now that I believe Azur Lane could remove the entire Eagle Union from the game today and not many would care, notice, or even miss it. Azur Lane has gone above and beyond to crush the Eagle Union. I used to think Kantai Collection was doing the USN a disservice but Azur Lane has come to take the cake and shown me just how in low regard they hold the USN. Azur Lane has surpassed Kantai Collection in that negative regard and has made me believe that Kantai Collection and its artists are the ones and not Azur Lane, who hold more favor for the USN, despite having less ships and of which are less historically significant. Azur Lanes Eagle Union cannot in its current state compete with the games 3 other factions, let alone the Italian and Russians. My favorites aside, I always feel the need to bring attentions to the underdogs and Azur Lanes underdog is the Eagle Union. I just want them to have successful life in this game, like everyone else does. They stand out in particular against say the Iron Blood in bad treatment because it's the USN. Eagle Union ship balance is yet another topic for another day but still needs to be discussed as they are pretty weak as a whole due to no faction buffs or any real reason to use them together. It's been dark days for Azur Lanes USN equivalent for far too long. Please let their be light in this darkness that the Eagle Union has been going through for way too long now. O by the way I forgot to mention earlier but did you know? The Eagle Union has the least amount of SSR costumes in the game in comparison to its ship volume. First of all, the artist for Massachusetts, POW ect, has done a costume for all of his drawn ships, except, you guessed it... The Eagle Union ships he's drawn. None of them have gotten costumes. Massachusetts and Alabama are the two SSR Eagle Union ships he's drawn and both have no costumes. He also did Ranger, who once again, also has no costume. Now here's something of which I'm not counting PRs in this on account that you have to grind for them, so the average player won't have them. Here's something I noticed to go along with the artist Enka situation, is this. The Eagle Union has 15 SSRs but only 11 of them have costumes. Meanwhile the Royal Navy has 13 SSRs and all 13 of them have costumes. The Sakura Empire has 23 SSRs and 18 of them have costumes. The Iron Blood has 8 SSRs and all 8 of them have costumes. So there it is, we have a faction of 103 ships of which only 15 are SSR and only 11 of them have costumes. Meanwhile Royal Navy has 76 ships with 13 SSRs and all 13 having costumes. Sakura Empire has 108 ships with 23 SSRs of which 18 have costumes. Iron Blood has 34 ships with 8 SSRs of which all 8 have costumes. Btw did you know that Washington and North Carolina have both yet to get any costumes since debuting in dec of 2017? Yet Kirishima, the ship who Washington sank, has gotten 3 costumes while also not being a SSR like the North Carolina sisters. Azur Lane has failed the USN with its Eagle Union, something I'm not sure it will ever recover from but I still have a sliver of hope.. for now. When I started Azur Lane, I really thought that I finally found a shipgirls game that would do the USN right but instead, I got something that ended up being worse than Kantai. What's next for Azur Lane now that it has manufactured the Eagle Unions failure? The faction needs a true leader that looks the part but will they allow the Eagle Union to have that privilege like the rest have? I understand this is a community that loves the game, so hearing anything negative must annoy you but if people can't acknowledge this... then I guess there really is no hope for the USN in Azur Lane. They're already at the bottom of the hype list, their heart ratings in game are the lowest when it comes to new ships in new events. There's no hype. The Russians already beat every released Eagle Union ship since launch in popularity, in a single event. Even beating Baltimore no problem and in way less time. Things are already as grim as can be but still some things can be fixed, even if the damage is so great. Some things sadly are not fixable because they would involve having to get new artists that are up to standard and I know they won't do that. To finish, I just want to add that I recently watched all of Wargaming's "Navel Legends" series on YouTube, along with many WWII footage videos of the USN. To see that, then look at the USN in this game is just heartbreaking, no matter what Navy is your favorite. I want to thank you for your time reading this and hopefully things start to change really fast because the Eagle Union has no future in Azur Lane otherwise.