Just writing to get this out and get support. My husband and I (we are both 30) have been together almost nine years and married for three. We are best friends, have a wonderful relationship, and have a lot of fun in life! He always wanted kids, and I was neutral on it, seeing pros and cons either way, and we always planned on thinking about getting pregnant around 32 and enjoying life till then. I got off birth control at age 29 for the pull out method, and about a year ago we stopped pulling out entirely. Nothing happened. I assumed we had fertility issues. So we kept this up, feeling neutral, whatever happens happens sort of attitude. Well, a year later of this, my period was two days late and my pelvis felt weird today so I took three tests and all blatantly positive. My reaction was disbelief (I know, stupid) - heart rate went up a little. Kept a straight face. Not horrified but a little irritated. Not excited. Just kind of numb. My husband seemed a little excited. I called my mom and she screamed out of joy. Like I should have. I just talked about all the negative aspects of pregnancy with her. Throughout the day I have felt like I am in a dream - this isn’t real! Tonight I got home and talked with my husband and cried. What is wrong with me? I am worried about our wonderful relationship changing. I am worried about my body permanently changing - wide hips and feeling loose down there. I am worried about being bombarded by my crazy mother in law. I am worried about overshadowing my brother in law and his girlfriend who JUST had a baby. I hate that I can’t use my Retin A, can’t take my hot baths, can’t take my Adderall, can’t have a glass of wine. Irritated about having to buy a new car and not work for several months, losing out on income. Worried about how I am going to handle going back to work and pumping and dumping in a tiny office in between patients (I work as an ER PA). Stressed about changing my eating habits - I have a history of an eating disorder and have done fairly well just doing fasting during my days at work 12 or so days a month (all day fast, like 20 hours which I know is bad) and I know now I can’t fast anymore. It’s gonna be hard to change. Sad my husband and my spontaneous, free life is coming to an end - gone are the days of running to the store for pie at 11 AM and relaxing all day on weekends. I have always been so modest and sort of ashamed of being sexual - I still feel like a little girl - and pregnancy is the most overtly sexual thing ever and doctors will regularly be all up in my hoo ha. I am terrified of having a horrible labor complication like having a permanent fucked up pelvic floor after birth. All negative feelings and I feel like an ASSHOLE. I sound like a grinch. Like a complete asshole. And I feel selfish and self absorbed. I want to be excited like a “normal person” but I can’t. I would never terminate the pregnancy - ever - not because I am morally opposed to it for myself but wouldn’t want to. But at the same time I wouldn’t be sad if I miscarried. I feel so strange right now.