I don't know how many of you here are also active on Instagram, but in terms of Babymetal, it can be a pretty different place from other communities of The One across social media. And before I go further, this is not a post about Babymetal fan accounts or anything and is not talking about the Instagram fanbase as a whole, it's discussing the fact that there's seemingly way more "weird" activity in the fanbase on Instagram, and possibly coming to an answer of "why?" On Twitter, Reddit, YouTube, ect. you never really seen many odd comments or posts, but on Instagram I've found they're way more common. Like for example, if you go on the latest post of the official Babymetal account, there's this person typing multiple paragraph comments about how they know Yui irl and stay in contact with her, then proceeding to go off on rants about god knows what. You can check the post to see what I mean. I read all of it and still am not sure what the person was saying. Anyways though, there's also waaaaay more people frequently commenting about how they miss Yui and want her back, which is completely fine, we all want her back, but I think we should also realize that the Babymetal team is trying to move past that, and constantly talking about it isn't exactly helping. This is something that most fans realize, but for some reason, it's extremely more common to find people talking about it on Instagram than any other platform of social media. Finally, the main thing is that Instagram clearly has more people who may love the girls to a creepy extent. Like Babymetal fan accounts that post nothing but pictures where they're on stage and you can see as much of their legs as possible with creepy ass captions like "Su has such amazing legs 😍". There's even one time where I was just scrolling through my search feed and a picture where it's just a back angle of Yui zoomed in on her shoulder with a caption that just says "bra strap", and considering the outfit she was wearing, that picture had to be from 2013-2016, making it even creepier. There is yet EVEN MORE examples of this "weirdness" that I can go into, but this post is already pretty long. Anyways, does anyone have any input on this? It's something that has always confused me; I have no idea why Instagram seemingly attracts all of the radical fans. Remember to stay home, and most importantly, stay metal 🤘🦊🤘