My boyfriend (29) and I (27) have been dating for over 8 months. He has a daughter (1yr) with a fbuddy who according to one of her friends (via fb messenger and some of the hints that fall out of baby mamas mouth) says that she got pregnant on purpose. They have 50/50 custody mandated by court and he pays her child support mandated by court. She fights him constantly on every little thing in their mediation meetings & co-parenting classes, etc. anywhere between we don’t seem to use the right kind of detergent so far as to tell him that she doesn’t want to change their schedule (which is every other day and every other weekend... it’s complicated atm) because she states that she doesn’t think he feeds her because she comes to her house hungry every time. (We feed her plenty by the way... and the mediator even told her if she feels that way then she needs to call CPS... haven’t heard anything on that so seems like a false accusation). All he wants at the moment is to change the schedule to a more consistent schedule like a 2-3 schedule so that for one he doesn’t have to see baby mama every day and so that it’s less back and forth for everyone including baby but baby mama is just not willing to be compliant EVER. They don’t even share the same babysitter because the one that baby mama uses is family known but come to find out she has many citations against her and the sitter dad uses does not have any citations which is why he chose to take her to a different sitter (the sitters are less than 10 miles apart from each other - it’s not a location thing). My boyfriend is just not good with bullshit like this and it’s really starting to take a toll on him. He doesn’t want to give up his rights as a parent or lessen his custody but since he has such a hard time dealing with baby mama, he feels like it’s hurting baby too...I feel like we’re too close to the situation to come up with anything that could help... Anyone experience some similar situations and want to offer helpful thoughts or suggestions?