I just want to share this for two reasons 1) maybe it will help someone in the future and 2) I still am realing from it all. So I had to run out today to grab some stuff and while I was gone my breaker tripped going to my heat lamp where my 4 bantam biddys are at and not even a full week old. When I got home I brought my stuff in and didn't notice at first anything was wrong. I went out to check on them about 30 minutes being home (I usually check on them several times a day) and found them with no heat lamp and what's worse one of them smothered lifeless and not breathing. I quickly grabbed him up and gave a quick puff of air in his beak and began pumping his chest while running to the breaker box. By the time I got to the breaker box I finally got a small sign of life in a foot kick and he suddenly began breathing again. I run back to the heat lamp and begin holding him under to warm him up. The others are fine just a bit slow but quickly they perked up. This guy after 30 minutes was finally opening his eyes and making some chirps but breathing labored still and not holding up his wings. I mixed some sugar water together and got a few drops in him at a time carefully. Eventually he began to try and stand and would look around but was still very weak. I didn't want to give too much sugar water until I was more sure of how alert he was. Eventually he was able to stand, not hold his wings up though but that was a far cry from finding him cold layed out feet straight and almost feeling stiff. Once he could stand upright I got a little more sugar water in him and decided to let him stand under the heat lamp and checked in every five minutes. An hour and a half after finding him like that I am happy to say he is back running and hopping around like nothing happened. It goes to show how quickly things can go south but that if you try you can sometimes get lucky enough to save them. I would have been so disappointed to loose him as he is a gorgeous polish bantam and I believe he will be a splash polish at that! I hope that no one needs this info but if you find your bird hypothermic or your baby chick unresponsive these are some things you can do to try and help them come back to. I know I feel so lucky and now I am sure to be even more attached to this chicken after this experience! Anyone else have something similar happen? Did you have a good outcome?