It was kinda weird and was probably just a normal dream but I’m gonna try to explain what I remember, and y’all can adapt this info into your own stories however you choose. so anyway it started in this weird void but it wasn’t really a void, more like a holding place. I was there with what seemed like the entire Jedi Order. (This was during the peak of my Star Wars phase.) Anyway we were just kinda vibin’ there in the void when this whirlpool, which had varying shades of dark red in it, showed up underneath us and yoinked us somewhere else. We landed in a medium-sized windowless room, with white walls. There was adequate lighting, but I don’t remember what exactly the light source was. It was not natural light though, definitely artificial. The lighting and surroundings didn’t have any yellow tint like in the original post, and I don’t remember what the floor was but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t carpet. If I had to guess, I’d say it was concrete. Honestly it wasn’t that dirty overall, but it wasn’t noticeably clean either. Anyway, everyone else made a break for the one door leading out. I think it was the kind with a bar that you push to unlatch it, it’s hard to describe but you see them at emergency exits sometimes. It was a double door of those, I think. Somehow, I was aware of the fact that despite all going through the same door, none of us would end up in the same place. The door was like a portal that took each person to a different place. I tried to stop them, but it was too late. I ended up going through the door with them, and as expected none of them ended up where I did. It seemed, to me, just like walking through a door normally. I must have blinked in the dream as I passed through the door and that’s when we got split up. I knew it was no use trying to find them, so I just went around. My theory was, I think, that if I just keep moving I’ll find a way out eventually. I don’t remember much of the layout but there was a staircase at some point, I went up it and I think that’s when I woke up. I didn’t encounter any beings other than those I entered the maze with, and I didn’t feel like I was being watched at any point that I remember. I knew that I was alone once I was through the first door, and I took comfort in that because there was nothing or nobody around to attack me. So anyway there’s my crazy backrooms dream from when I was a kid. Do what you will with it. One last piece of information: I had never heard of the Backrooms back when I had this dream.