"If you're not careful and you noclip out of reality in the wrong areas, you'll end up in the Backrooms, where it's nothing but the stink of old moist carpet, the madness of mono-yellow, the endless background noise of fluorescent lights at maximum hum-buzz, and approximately six hundred million square miles of randomly segmented empty rooms to be trapped in. God save you if you hear something wandering around nearby, because it sure as hell has heard you" -unanimous. “So here I am standing in front of an old abandoned building that has not been in use since like the 90s and was built in the 70s. I’m here to look around the place to see:1 if the power works, 2 if there how many levels it has(mainly if it was a basement), and 3 if the building is hazardous to enter. All I have on me is my watch,pocket knife, my lighter and my flashlight. First I go to the back of the building to see if the power works so I don't have to use my flashlight, the power generator is at the back of the building on the outside in a metal room connected to the building in the alley. I had to pick a lock to get to the power generator (my old job was a locksmith before I became an inspector.). Once I got in the wiring for the building was weird because there are actually 2 other switches inside one on the second level and one in what appears to be a basement but for some reason the diagram on the wall calls the basement level 3, and it calls the first level level 0, and the second level 2. I went to the front of the building and my co-workers communicated with me with walkie talkies. So then I entered. I think this place used to be an office building. I walk around for a bit and think “dang this place is bigger on the inside.” I follow my steps but we're the door should have been! “Hey guys I think i'm lost, I can't find the door!” i said into my walkie talkie but i got no response “guys you there?” I asked. So I just continued walking. But all I got was just the same hallways and samehum like buzz of fluorescent lights. The carpet smelled old and musty and the walls were driving me crazy. I checked my watch and it has already been 10 minutes! But just staring at my watch would not help me escape so I walked and only looked every minute at my watch so I would go crazy. After about 2 hours of walking I was getting tired and my watch showed it was 7 o’clock so I found a room with 2 doors on both sides. So i layed down and tried to go to sleep. The next day I continued walking but then I went through a door and I saw a long hall that seemed to go on for miles. So I walked and I walked for the whole day until I found a doorway that went into more hallways and rooms. I was getting tired then all of a sudden I heard a distorted scream and then the lights started flickering. I looked in the direction it came from and I saw a humanoid crawling on all fours coming at me and I began to run. After that I lost it and I went to bed in a room. Nothing happens on day 3 just me doing more walking and finding a safe place to sleep. Then on day four when i left the room i found a staircase that went up and it was not there when i went to go to sleep in this room. So I went up the stairs and all I saw were the same hallways and rooms. The only difference was that there was mold on the walls and cracks in the roof and the lights were off. So When i turned around the staircase was gone, crap!!! I just continued walking. My guess is that this is level 1. About 30 minutes later I found the power generator and I turned on the power so I would not have to use my flashlight. It was scary as hell with all of those noises and silhouettes. I created a few rules for me to think of : don't stare at them too long, check your watch about every 30 seconds, stay quiet, and keep walking. I was walking there for 1 hour then the lights turned off so I turned on my flashlight. After a few hours of walking my walkie talkie turned on all of a sudden and I heard a voice saying “there is no escape, no matter how hard you try nothing will help you. Trust no one \`\`''who the heck are you and where am i!” i said “you are in your forever home the backrooms””why are you doing this!” and then my walkie talkie powered off. And then all I did was blink and I was transported to level 3. The lights were off and my flashlight was useless because of the hallways and pipes. My flashlight only let me see 10 feet in front of me. As I continued walking down a hall a pipe burst and all of its contents came spilling out. A strange type of black sticky ooze it flooded the hallways and lifted me off my feet closer to the ceiling. Closer and closer I went until I bumped my head on the roof and my head went under the ooze for about 10 seconds and then I fell onto a floor onto level 1 and I looked up and there was no ooze. Then I started walking until a thing, a monster came at me. And I started running. I looked behind me and it was catching up fast. I turned a corner and it was a room with a door, i sprinted towards the door and opened it and there was a wall right behind it but i did not realize until i went through the wall and all of a sudden I came out of the building i went into and my coworkers were still there and i was surprised. “Hey dude you just went in there, why are you out here?” one of the two co-workers said but all i said was “water….food….””all i have is some almond water here” i took it and chugged it down in ten seconds and the other had a granola bar.” Jack was telling his doctor “ah yes well the studies have come in and you have been diagnosed with schizophrenia and your medication will be delivered to your house tomorrow” the doctor said “im telling you it all happened!!” Jack replied “next month you will be transferred to the state psychiatric hospital.” “nooo!!?!?””im sorry but yes” THE END