Man I’m blown away by the way this company was not being considerate of their workers during the coronavirus scare. I was working for an eyewear company that rhymes with “Stiff Byewear”. First, my coworkers and I expressed to our supervisor about our concerns Two weeks before shit went bad and her responses was “it’s not a big deal”. The following week other stores closed for two weeks and they sent their employees home on sick leave. We were literally the only store in my hallway open. People would walk by and laugh “why are you still here”. I know it’s not our supervisors fault because she’s only following orders and she’s kind of an air head. So I emailed the CEO my concerns and expressed that I felt the company was showing no concerns for their retail employees and that it seemed they were not taking the coronavirus issue seriously and of course I got no response but he must of spoke with our manager because I get a text from her and she says something along the lines “You never expressed tor you felt uncomfortable working you don’t have to come in today” A bitch (me) needs the money so I’m like I’ll come in today only and than after I’m going to begin my social distancing. Luckily while I was working I got a letter from Mall Management that all of the mall was going to have to shutdown. It just makes me so angry how greedy this company is they never sent us a proper email about the coronavirus or anything. No paid sick leave all greed. The funny part is that they claim to be “charitable” but they don’t really care about the community. They would rather put their employees in danger and exposed to a virus than to miss out on a dolla! It’s funny because we would only sell 1 or 2 glasses or Nothing at all our last few days open. I am so disappointed in this Company. They can afford to pay stupid influencers money for Instagram posts but not their hardworking employees. I hope no one buys from them again. They can keep their “PRC” aka “MADE IN CHINA” glasses. Another flaw is that the “charitable” part is so sketch. Their management sucks, customer service sucks. Social Media sucks (they buy Instagram followers).