My SO(21M) and I(18F) moved into our apartment at the end of December. When we first got here it was perfect. The neighbours seemed nice and the location was perfect. Our apartment is one of three spaces rented out of a house. We are in the basement level, there is another younger married couple above us who have a small dog, and above them is what we think is two older people, their son who is around our age, and their two large dogs. (I say we think because we always see different people coming out of there and there’s a lot of mail that gets delivered to the house that isn’t to any of the people we’ve met lol) We each have our own separate living spaces but share the laundry room and the backyard. At first the third floor neighbours were fine. They were friendly enough and picked up after their dogs in the yard. After the first few weeks of us living here however, they started picking up after the dogs less and less and now the backyard is just filled with dog feces. It’s getting hotter so the smell is pungent. As soon as we walk through the gates we can smell it and if we go out into the yard we have to watch where we step because it’s EVERYWHERE. There’s also dozens of flies that come around and sometimes get into our apartment if the door is open too long. We don’t know what to do because since we’re young renters just starting out we don’t want them to use that against us. There was also ONE incident a few months back where my boyfriend tried to use fiberglass to mold something. (He’s a sculptor.) The woman from third floor came to our door and complained about the smell and how it was super smelly and asked what we were doing. He didn’t ever try to use it again but ever since then they always give us nasty looks and aren’t as friendly towards us and don’t really let us play with their dogs like we used to. It’s not that we were rude to her or anything, it was just this one incident. We just don’t want her to try to use this against us if we try to speak to the landlord about it. Another incident that happened the other day was either they (3rd floor) or 2nd floor cleaned up one pile and put it in a garbage bag and left it at the stairs that lead to their house. That’s where it’s been for two days now because they haven’t thrown it in the garbage and have just left it there.  We’re at a loss for what to do and could use some advice if you have any.