Alright, so there was 3 of us in our living situation before one of my of roommates gf came along, and brought her two kids. She barely cleans up after her kids let alone herself, let’s the trash pile up a foot past the top of the can. Both sides of the sink full of crusty, moldy, disgusting dishes ranging from plates to pots and cooking utensils. You can’t even use the sink most of the time. The older kid pees the bed quite frequently and she just leaves the piss soaked bedding in a pile in the living room, making the whole house smell like piss. Trash is scattered all throughout the house, her kids will get into anything and everything and destroy things just for fun, for example they took a pack of koolaid mix and tried eating it then just threw it all over the floor. Painting on furniture, stealing stuff and hiding it away. Many other things of that nature. the older kid twice now has rushed into my bedroom without knocking rudely demanding snacks, doesn’t listen, refuses to talk if confronted about the behavior, the mom leaves crap filled diapers all over the floor, when she’s not piling them on top of the overflowing trash. When she is home she doesn’t spend much time with them, she just plops them in front of a tv. They have a complete lack of guidance which I believe is why they act the way they do. The other roommate and I could clean the kitchen and living room and it would just be destroyed again in 2 or 3 days. I don’t know what to do, I can’t afford to move out immediately and I’m losing my mind. She has no respect for common areas, no regard for the way her kids act. She is obnoxiously loud when she’s home because she’s always drinking. She’ll stand in the doorway with the door wide open on a winter night to smoke a cigarette and let out all the heat, is always relying on my other roommate to babysit her kids, which I feel bad for. Not just the babysitter but the kids too. I could go on and on but I just wanted to vent. If anyone has any thoughts I’d like to hear them, thanks for reading