Been renting a room for the past four months. I'm a hard worker, never have guests over, and I do not drink or smoke. I am quiet and very considerate. My roommate usually watches TV in his room at a VERY high volume which is why I am able to easily notice that whenever I get home from work or walk around to use the bathroom, prepare food, or do laundry he turns off the TV and his side of the house gets super quiet. As soon as I re-enter my room he turns the TV back on at full volume. It's obvious to me that this guy is keeping tabs on me and it's starting to make me feel very uncomfortable. It's clear he has a twisted image of me in his head despite the fact that I've been nothing but good to him. For a while whenever I would go to the kitchen he would dart out of his room to the kitchen to cut off my walking path. He would get to the kitchen then pretend to do something, like rearrange kitchen appliances and then go back to his room while quickly walking into my walking path without saying excuse me. Instead he would just let out a loud grunt and simply expect me to walk out of his way on a second's notice (I have a surgically reconstructed knee and this is very difficult for me to do without time to react). He would engage in similar behavior when I would try to make my way to the laundry room. Also, dig this, for a while when I would say good morning to him in in the kitchen while getting ready to make breakfast before work instead of saying good morning back he would grunt at me loudly or go HEH HEM (fake throat clear) and give me a look of anger. For a while I just ignored it but eventually it started to annoy the hell out of me because it was starting to feel like the guy hated me for no reason and was trying to make me feel as uncomfortable as possible while navigating through the living space. Not to mention whenever I walk to my room he makes the same damn grunting sound on queue right as I go to grab the doorknob (EVERY SINGLE TIME). After two months of this I started to grunt right back at him and he tried matching it with an even louder grunt. This was the point where I realized he was just crazy. After this bizarree scene he stopped doing it and began saying hello like a normal person but this was only temporary. After a week of peace he went right back to the same shit. It's like he can't help himself. I can't shake the feeling that the guy just flat out wants to dominate me or is just an evil person. Any thoughts? Similar Experiences?