So, a little over a week ago my roommate tells me she's getting a puppy and that she's already bought all of the supplies. I tell her that there is a $500 pet deposit per pet (I have a dog). Bf says its staying at his house. Awesome, I think. I don't have to worry about it ruining anything. Fast forward 10 days. I get a sneaking suspicion that the dog and the bf are actually spending every night here. Luckily, I have security cams in the apartment because someone (99% sure it was this roommate) stole my $200 in cash that I was given for Christmas out of my bathroom. Roomie is aware of these cams which makes me question how dumb she thinks I am. Sure enough, every night after I'm asleep, the bf and the dog come into her room. Then every morning before I wake up, she takes the dog out. I'm working from home right now and the dog has been quiet except for the past 3 days, which was what set off me questioning if it was staying here. So, my roommate has basically been keeping her dog and bf in her room. The dog pisses and shits on pee pads so she won't have to take it outside while I'm there. She sometimes would let it play with my dog but only if she walked inside the apartment with it and her bf and noticed I was in the living room/common area. Recently she's been going through my cabinets in the kitchen and using my things. She also let her puppy get into my plants and herbs and eat/destroy them, which makes me wonder what she's letting it do to her room. Our lease specifically says that guests are not allowed for more than 3 consecutive nights and that no animals, other than those listed (aka my dog) are allowed on the property. She clearly doesn't care for personal space and she is incredibly manipulative with people in her life. I got tired of her going through my stuff so I took some of the things she would use from my cabinet, which she already knew was off limits and that she shouldn't be going through it, and put them elsewhere. My security cameras caught her going through my things and finding what she was looking for then laughing other boyfriend about how I'm a "fucking weirdo" and a "bitch" for hiding it. She also uses my dishes and hoards them in her room. After untold her that couldn't happen anymore, she cried loudly in her room while telling her bf that she can't handle so many ridiculous rules. She's supposed to be moving out in June (its April 26th rn) but I don't think I can handle living with this level of crazy for much longer. So, I've come up with a plan to get her to leave but I thought I'd get some other feedback before I continue. It's sunday today as I post this. On Monday, I intend to tell my property manager everything and then ask if she or someone else could come over under the guise of checking something in the apartment (roomie's shower hasn't been working properly for example). Then she could see the animal and know that it's here herself or get the report from the maintenance guy. Since it is a violation of the lease to have a guest for longer than 3 consecutive days and also to have a pet without paying the pet deposit, I'm hoping the property manager will kick her out. I'm going to ask that the property manager doesn't let my roommate know that I said anything to her. If my roommate found out I tipped off the office, I'd honestly be scared to sleep in my room. The way that I've witnessed her treating her own mother is so manipulative and scary that I'm afriad for my own safety since she already doesn't care to follow the simple rules that I have set out.