Hi folks, so this more of a rant about my roommate, and it's gotten to the point where I'm questioning my own standards and sanity so some Reddit input would be appreciated greatly. For context, we were best friends in the dorms freshman year and decided to get a house together second year (now). Since moving in (just the two of us for the first few months) I have done the great majority of the cleaning, while she sits on the couch and watches me which is even worse, ALso all the bills and utilities are in my name because she didn't want to make the calls. We got a cat from her aunt when we moved in and since then I have bought all of his food and litter (she never goes out of her way to buy him supplies, just waits for me to do it and only pays me half when i request her to). We had a new roommate move-in at the beginning of this month and things have gone very downhill. On the first night, our new roommate was there me and my roommate (the original) got into an argument and I was very hurt by it and decided to slowly become less and less close with my original roommate. I think that's what made her upset because ever since then she has locked herself in her room almost all day every day, and wont communicates with either me or the other roommate unless we make a point to confront her (she doesn't answer our roommate group chats either). She has 'forgotten' to do her chores every week for the past month even after we texted and asked her to, and she never apologizes or expresses any concern with her behavior. Yesterday, she ignored our group text about paying the rent (as it was the 1st) until the next day when she sent me the money without a word, so our rent was late. Last but not least, she threw a party on Friday that got really out of control (neither I or our new roommate was there) and her guests broke a record of mine and a plant pot and threw my deodorant in the toilet (??? weird i know) and proceeded to eat some of my food in the fridge and when confronted she said "I suppose you think this is all my fault" and I explained how i expect her to replace things that got damaged during her party. Im at my wits end truly. she wont communicate and whenever confronted just locks herself in her room, my other roommate and i don't quite know what we can do