i feel like i’ve finally found the perfect subreddit. i’m really close to losing my shit. i have 5 roommates and we rent a 3 story house. i (f/19) live in the basement area with fiancée (m/20) which consists of 2 rooms, a bathroom, and the communal laundry room. the remaining roommates live in the upstairs portion of the house lets call them r1 (f/23) , r2 (m/23), and r3 (m/23) and then there is r1&r2’s kid who’s 2yrs old. i dwell ONLY in our basement area of the house, my fiancée stays down here with me and our cat the majority of the time. r1&r2 are engaged, r1 is my fiancées sister and i’ve been living with them for about 7 months now. r3 is fine he doesn’t bother me or really interact with me much, he’s cool. BUT the other two i hate. they have made the rest of the house uninhabitable. i have crippling anxiety and ocd about cleaning and neatness which has been greatly catalyzed by them due to the fact that they are horrible garbage monsters. i don’t understand how humans could be so trashy. i can’t go upstairs anymore because i get panic attacks but i know how it looks because i’ve been up there plenty before. everywhere you look and smell is garbage. dishes months old piled high in the sink, plates of old food lying around, old food spilled by the baby on the floor that was never taken care of. you have to kick things out of the way on the floor to be able to walk through to the door. and don’t even get me started on the bugs. they leave dirty diapers on the floor in the kitchen and on the outside porch. they make me want to cry. the house is infested with fleas, gnats, fruit flies, ants, and roaches. MOST of which is sequester upstairs because i bust my ass day in and day out to keep my space as clean as humanly possible. but it doesn’t stop the flying bugs from coming down here! i’ve had to set out bug cups for months to catch these predators. i am riddled with anxiety day in and day out, spraying febreeze to try to eliminate the smell of trash that wafts from downstairs. my fiancée and i have been trying to get a new place and move out before the lease is up in september but nothing is working out yet and it kills me a little bit everytime we are set back. my room mates have to come into my space and use the laundry room and always leave it a mess!! i don’t know how! it’s so clean everyday because of me 😫. dryer lint thrown about and old food and crumbs tracks from the floor upstairs. i just can’t handle it anymore! R1 is such a terrible mother to her child... she abuses substances, neglects her for hours ie. locking her in her room to play by herself, not changing her until she takes it off herself and plays in the poop or has shit multiple times, screaming at her multiple times a day for crying, the kid hasn’t learned to talk or even attempted to be potty trained :/ her room is nasty and full of bugs and trash and i feel so sad. i wish i could call CPS on her but she’s my fiancées family and that would ruin them and make my life worse since i live here still. i’m so torn. i am so worried my fiancée will be sued when the landlord finds out what his family has done to the house! we are supposed to move out in a few months and they make no move to repair or get exterminator or clean or anything :/ i am not on the lease but i’m worried for him. he knows i hate his family but he just wants to help make it better. they are so very emotionally unstable and on substances so they don’t even know i hate them they just know i don’t talk to them anymore barely and won’t walk through their area because i can’t handle it. i can’t go outside because the yard is a mess and there are ants on the porch swarming the poles and i can’t see it without freaking out and being sent into panic! i just wish they would be different so i didn’t have to hate them