My older sister just moved in with me in the beginning of this year to be closer to her boyfriend because he lives in state but anyways. She is driving me crazy. I get that she goes to law school and has probably a ton of schoolwork but I'm also pursuing my masters sure its not law but it does require me to have a heavy course load as well. I want to note that she doesn't contribute to rent and I really don't mind but could that be the reason she treats herself like a "guest"? I have told her multiple times to just take out the trash (the bare minimum)and I come home on trash days to find it by the door where I left it and still in trash bins. That's more work for me because of course someone has to do it so the next morning I drive it to my company's waste and recycle. It doesn't sound like a lot of work it usually takes 5 mins but there's heavy traffic at certain times and that's time I have to incorporate into my schedule. It's annoying because she usually has friends over and they clean after themselves but she can't??  Like I frequently leave dishes in the sink and I am by no means a neat freak but it's so agitating that I have to pick up after her. She also blocks my car in the driveway occasionally which is super annoying because i drive to the gym before she leaves so I have to move her car and then move mine. Sometimes when I'm moving her car I think that I should just back up and hit the tree. I don't want our living situation to be weird so I just find a way to tolerate her. Should I just tell her to move back in with our mom and dad two cities over? Obviously after all this craziness is over I'm not malicious. I just can't look at her the same sis let's her unwrapped dirty tampons fill the trash and leaves it there for me to empty and her dirty bras underwear and socks are on the floor all the time. We were never super close to begin with but I'm starting to hate her. Im never one to pick up after someone there's a reason why I never got pets to look after. More of a vent than anything but would be open to hear your thoughts.