So i’m currently in my first year of university and i have 3 roommates. We live in a suite so we all have our own rooms. As well as a kitchen, a living room, and two private bathrooms. Everything was fine at first, we worked together and lived in harmony. But everything changed when they came up with an impromptu cleaning schedule. By that I mean that no one is really assigned anything, you basically just clean when you feel like it. There’s a magnetic notepad on the fridge that contains all our names and chores to do. Each time you do a chore you put a check mark next to it. The problem for me is that we all have different schedules. Two of my roommates are always home like 98.9% of the time and only leave for class. They don’t even leave to hang out with friends and usually have a bunch of get togethers in the living room. My other roommate and I however are busy and outside of the dorm almost all the time. I personally only really come back to sleep. I rarely ever shower there as well as I usually go home and do it there. You’re probably wondering why. Well, the roommate that i share the private bathroom with is disgusting and inconsiderate. She continuously leaves a bunch of hair in the shower, hair clumps on the floor, pee in the toilet, and even at one point a used pad on the floor. I tried being nice and asked her twice to at least clean her hair out of the shower. She actually did maybe twice. The first time I asked she just kept saying “Oh.... Oh... Oh...” like she was shocked that I had an issue with it. The second time she got mad and claimed that she shouldn’t have to because she does more than me by vacuuming (badly) and doing the dishes (we should be doing our own dishes). The thing is I do clean when I can find things, even if i don’t use it. I don’t know man. I just feel like it doesn’t make sense to use that argument considering the fact that she’s there allll the time and doesn’t give anyone a chance to do anything. Anyways, in the end she ended up saying that she’d TRY to clean up her hair. Like bro what? Then another time I tried to reach out to make a better schedule. When winter break started she reached out to me and my other roommate who’s always busy to passive aggressively say that no one was gonna clean/throw away our stuff in the fridge. 1. I didn’t have anything in that fridge that would go bad. I know cause I checked. And 2. there was a much better way for her to word that. all she had to do was say that we left some stuff in the fridge and that she was worried would go bad. and simply ASK US to check it. Stupidly I answered her. Thinking it was right to do when now that I know her better I would’ve just ignored her. I knew why she was being passive aggressive and it wasn’t because of the food in the fridge. So I ended up suggesting that we create a different cleaning schedule that would accommodate all our schedules. She instantly went in, confirming that that’s what it was about. I suggested things that would work way better than an impromptu cleaning schedule and they just kept attacking me like they didn’t understand what I was saying. She eventually even stopped responding. She didn’t even really try to work through it, almost like she actually enjoys being irritated/against each other. I stupidly ended up apologizing for something that isn’t completely my fault. End of the story is we got back and not shit happened. She’s still acting like it’s so unfair and oh my god but never puts in the work to fix things. She even leaves extremely aggressive notes on the fridge, like that’ll fix anything. I rarely go back to the apartment now. I’m already extremely busy with clubs, work, and school work so it’s not very hard. Plus when i’m not i just go home.I’ve never avoided anyone so hard in my entire life. At first I could see some of the points she was making and was willing to work on it, but after her not even remotely trying to work through things and just shutting down, I don’t even want to try to interact with her anymore. Oh and something else about her is that she’s bipolar. I’m not sure if that’s why she’s like this, but if that’s the case why would she decide to live with other people knowing how she is? Alright well, thank so much for listening to me. I feel a lot better letting it all out. I hope to get some answers soon. Again, thanks!