During my second year at band camp we were allowed to order pizza to the college dorms. We were told that ‘the bigger the order the more the college and Domino’s benefitted’ so I arranged a single order for the whole second story of the dorm building. Sixty hungry teenagers. Everyone paid their fair share and a twenty dollar tip for the driver and we waited. The total ended up being $107 plus the tip. The pizza arrived and everyone went to their rooms to enjoy. That night the AC in my room blew out and being an Arkansas summer, the room got really warm and humid. So I couldn’t sleep and my roommate was an insomniac so we found a water bottle and went to the bathroom to get some fluid. We were there for about five minutes, contemplating bringing our beds into the bathroom and making sure that we woke up before the camp counselors, when the two guys in the room next to us walked in. One of them had brought his pineapple pizza and no one ate it. So another ten minutes go by and we aren’t being too loud, just talking in calm voices when the head counselor walks in. This guy is seven foot two and two hundred and fifty founds of Irish brute. He asks us what’s going on and do the guy who brought pizza runs over to the shower stalls. Now the shower stalls cannot be seen from the exit so that was a kind of good idea. He stashed the pizza on top of one of the inch thick plastic divider walls and runs back out. The head counselor puts down the soap and towel he brought. Evidently they weren’t legally allowed to be in the bathrooms at the same time as the campers so they resorted to showering in the extreme early mornings and using the toilets during the campers rehearsals. Anyway, the head counselor takes the four of us to our group counselor. The students were divided up into six person groups each headed by a counselor and they were headed by a head counselor. So the four of us get there and the head knocks on the counselors door. Our counselor, let’s call him ash, opens the door shirtless and says in the sleepiest voice “yeah?” To which the head says “I found your boys in the bathroom... at midnight!” Our counselor just looks at us and says “okay just don’t be stupid, kids.” The head counselor walks away with this smug look on his face and says “mm hm”. We all go back to our rooms and are so relieved that we fall asleep almost immediately. For the rest of the camp, we were known as the midnight pizza guys.