So, I have had some interactions in this sub. Some good and productive, and some very bad with no real arguments thrown my way. I’ve done my own research, outside of just your FAQs page because let’s be honest here, specific pages will hear articles and stats to favor them. And that’s done on BOTH sides. I have a pit bull. Tiny little guy, always leashes, neutered of course (all dogs should be in a household unless your job is breeding). I can speak from MY personal experience, I have never once had a bad experience with pit bulls and I have probably been around them way more than any of you. I’m not attacking victims and family members when I say that. Anyway, I digress. I, from my research can get behind the ideals of this sub. Although I have not experienced or seen any signs of the dozens of pits that have lived with me (I seen more devastating things from the other dogs we have owned and fostered) I don’t see the harm in neutering pit bulls and slaying them. I will add though that any aggressive breed should also be included in this. The risk is there for any dog, maybe it’s greater for pit bulls, but it’s there for the other aggressive breeds as well. I know your group he does not advocate killing pit bulls and says the owners of current should keep them and get them ‘fixed’ so they can’t reproduce and I guess I’m one step closer since mine is neutered and I can get behind that movement. I disagree with some of the statements I’ve seen here that “All pit bulls will turn on you or someone or something at some point” that’s not true and if you believe that, well that’s on you. But simply not harming the current ones that have no history of violence and show none live out their lives, will not being able to reproduce doesn’t harm anything in my opinion, but as I said I would add more dogs to that list because I’m a firm believer that even if something is smaller, like rotts, or Dobermans kill/attack ratio is less, every live saved or wound not inflicted should be the goal