So ive always been on the more conservative side and I am a strong believing Christian. I believe that the Bible is the literal word of God and that we should follow the bible teachings. My parents on the other hand (specifically my mother) is a strong liberal and atheist. She seems to despise Christians and spouts the constant regurgitated arguments that all Christians are horrible, awful, hateful people, that we believe in "rubbish" and says some pretty offensive things about it all and claims that I've been brainwashed, have no idea what I believe and only follow it all because I was lonely (which is totally untrue as I have never been happier and follow it because of my own experiences) and states she is disappointed because she raised me to not like religion. We are now living together and its gotten to the point where she tells everyone how hateful I am, accuses me of being a nazi for being pro-life and not particularly supporting the current LGBT community and went off on a riot when I expressed my views in saying that I think Drag Queens are not for children nor should they be involving children in these things. She's stated that I will be abusing my children by raising them to be so "bigoted" and that they will be hated by everyone and that its cruel for raising them with such beliefs also. How do you deal living with people that use every opportunity to insult your beliefs, God and practices, accuse you of not following your religion correctly and then threaten (future) kids? She seems to support just about every other religion and culture and states "its just their beliefs and culture" but will turn around and say the total opposite of Christianity. I don't live in America so religion is definitely not as well-accepted or typical. She insults me for not wanting to go clubbing, calls me names for not wanting to "experiment" and accuses me of being abnormal and "weird" compared to everyone else because I want to wait until marriage  (says its unfair to the men and accuses me of doing it for manipulative reasons or because I think im better then other women who don't) and don't drink, want to dress more modestly. Ive never forced my beliefs on her yet accuses me of thinking im "righteous" and better then everyone because I follow these things and gets EXTREMELY upset and angry over it - ESPECIALLY the pro-life aspect.Here in Australia religion is generally frowned upon and considered totally ludicrous (well only if you're a Christian) and people are definitely far more liberal (especially here in the cities). I'm firm in my beliefs and won't change, but its really hard to stay calm, non-argumentative  (I am guilty of getting quite defensive and upset) and not feel hostility during all of this. We are now living together because of quarantine and i'm finding the constant arguments and insults to be too much. Does anyone have advice of dealing with parents who are total opposite and practically hate Christianity?