Hihi I don’t think I’ve introduced myself. My name is Sterling. I play bassoon (sort of). To clarify, I’ve been on bassoon since I was 14 (I’m 20). I originally played only trumpet but my band director thought I was a perfect fit for bassoon which I have grown to 100% agree with. I graduated class of 2017 and went into a major financial situation change as well as my family and I moving 2 hours away which led to me taking a gap year and therefore not being able to major in music therapy and performance like I wanted to and not being near a single bassoon. All I had were my reeds and a seat strap. In 2018 I finally started attending Augusta University, but I was put in the wrong major program (general studies) and had to wait to change my major (??? I’d never heard of that). A friend from my youth group who plays cello learned I played bassoon and told me to come with her to sign up for the orchestra and wind ensemble classes. Everyone was elated to have a bassoonist (I was the only double reed at our school. We don’t have any oboes or english horns. Just one -now two- bassoons). I played for the spring semester and then summer hit and financial as well as toxic household situations happened and caused me to be put on academic suspension. Despite this, I had the most dedicated wonderful bassoon lessons teacher. She took me to bassoon camps all summer and even took me to IDRS which I l o v e d. I received alot of free things to help me out on being the only double reed at my college (we don’t even have a double reed program). I received a free reed kit stocked with everything I need except for a drying rack. I got a free T-shirt from Fox Reeds. The camp counselor gave me $120 that really helped my family back home as well as free cane! My bassoon teacher and the people she knew and even people neither of us knew did everything to help me get into the bassoon world because I’m so dedicated but never got the opportunity to explore bassoon/double reed in highschool. I never had lessons and I had no idea about all the conventions, double reed days, and camps I could’ve gone to. I went to UGA’s (University of Georgia) Double reed symposium last year and fell in love and felt so complete. I also attended Emory’s summer bassoon extravaganza but as a camp counselor since I was 19 and in college. Everything I’ve done with bassoon has elated me and I had a wonderful summer learning to actually play it and how to understand the instrument I love. And then I was told by the chair that I can no longer play bassoon because all of a sudden she “doesn’t lend instruments to non students” despite lending three different instruments to three different people who haven’t even been to the university before and giving the one I was using to a music minor who recently came in and plays bassoon as well. We have more bassoons for education majors in instrumental methods classes, but she doesn’t want to fix one up for me because I’m “not a student” Being told that made me extremely upset as I was really finally getting into what I want to do most and was promised I could at least play until I can attend again. I’ve been trying to find a way to play bassoon again since January. College is out of the question again because I literally can’t afford to even pay off the balance to register. I have to use most my money to pay off my loans and buy necessities for myself. Jobs have been very unlucky, especially since many jobs have been put on lockdown right at hiring season.