Of course it's not that simple. You can refence the popular thread about all the mistakes EA and DICE made. The point I'm trying to make is that the market is saturated with GOOD games. Maybe it's not warzone maybe it's another game for you. For me, I've moved on to COD for the first time since MW2. We all wanted BFV to be good. Most people in this sub are so passionate about this franchise. It just proves that this kind of effort in today's game market isn't going to cut it. I personally think that frostbite and their skeleton programming for this game was limiting them. From a business perspective (I have a background in business and marketing), it was clear this game lacked a clear vision and direction from day one. The corporate decisions that pushed this game forward despite the developers' clear limitations indicates a disconnect between the developer and the publisher. And, as most of you have pointed out, this is transparent to the educated and experienced consumer- it ends up looking like a cash grab. This is a real disappointment to the fans. I think their business practices and work environment is clearly also not allowing for creative people to flourish. It shows that they either didn't have time to test their own game properly, or they were too careless to in the face of making a profit. I could be wrong. There could be other things at play that we don't know about, but I really like to hope that this franchise can be resurrected after this fiasco. And remember how empassioned I mentioned the fanbase is? They didn't consider this at all. When they were developing this game they obviously lost touch with the importance of core fan base loyalty. I'm a veteran since 42, and an unashamed pre-orderer for the last three generations. I won't be buying another battlefield game again until a friend insists. Good games make you want to play them with friends. They generate buzz. I was super unsure about warzone when I first started but the UI is so crisp and intuitive, and the gameplay is fun without being repetitive. The gameplay feels rewarding and feels fun even if you don't buy battle pass or add one or skins. A friend insisted that I download and join up and he was right. No amount of marketing is going to fix a bad game. They've forgotten that the best marketing is word of mouth. If you put in the time and effort, that kind of marketing comes freely and naturally. There is simply too much good competition out there for a game like BFV to be successful, and the consumers are too savvy.