I can’t concentrate on the meeting I’m currently sitting in on. Distracted by the overwhelming masculinity next to me. I can’t help but to be completely turned on by you. Your sexy body, large hands and broad shoulders, my pussy aches for your touch. I can’t help myself. Under the table I slightly touch the top of your knee and begin to massage it gently. Then my hand slides up your thigh, I find your semi hard cock and begin to massage it through your pant leg. Soon your hands slips under my skirt and begins to rub my clit through my lace panties. By the time the presentation is over I’m dripping wet and your rock solid and wanton. Intermission of the conference takes place and we are alone.. You stand, unzip your pants allowing your hardness to spring free, dropping to my knees you tease my lips with your cock before slowly pushing it into my hot, wet mouth and with a handful of my hair you start fucking my face. Drooling and gagging on your thick, solid cock, you pull out with a “pop” before lifting me on to the conference room table. Your hand slides into place between my wet thighs and begin ripping through my black lace panties. Kneeling before me cock in hand, stroking and taunting me. You lift my leg and place it over your shoulder and lick my inner thigh until your at my pussy. My head rolls back as your tongue slips in between my pussy lips. Moaning and grunting can be heard but we don’t care. Your tongue and lips are covering my clit, licking and sucking. Juices dripping as you slip a finger inside and behind to fuck me. Soon Your tongue and finger has me at the edge and about to burst. Stopping abruptly, you stand wrapping my legs around your waist and lifting me just enough to slip your hardness inside my soaking wet pussy. A few thrusts in, you lift me completely off the table and turn so that my back is against the wall. Your hands grip my ass cheeks for leverage and fuck my pussy. You have to kiss me to control my moans. Soon we begin to switch positions once again. This time I take control and push you on to the table before crawling atop you. Facing away from you I slide down your rock hard thickness and start to grind. Hands on the table for leverage as I fuck you hard and fast. My Tits are swinging in rhythm. Loud grunts and sexy moans fill the room as we are close to climaxing. The next thing I know you grab my arms, bring my back to your chest, stretching my body and pussy as you thrust harder and faster. Your hand clasps around my neck lightly, reaching around your strum my clit. Throwing me into the most intense and amazing orgasm imaginable. Soon your climax matches mine as you stick the fingers that were just in my pissy into my mouth and I begin to suck. Our bodies quiver and shake from the release. No time to catch a breath. We pull ourselves together just moment before the conference room door swings open and our colleagues enter the room. We take our seats next to one another and the meeting continues as if nothing happened.