I had a 2 year relationship with Catherine, a lifestyle Femdom about 16 years back. This tho missing some details is still burned into my mind. We went in her car for the weekend to this guys property. We get there he says you must be Cathy and are here for the weekend. She says yes Bob and they shake hands. He takes us into a stall in his barn. He takes something off the wall hands it to her and says is an arm binder asks if she is familiar. She says yes. He says get it on him I'll be back to help with the rest. She has me strip except my cock cage and she puts on the binder. In a bit he is back and with her help puts on a neck brace that restricted all but a tiny bit of movement of my head. He then puts a head harness with a bit that had kind of a spoon that depresses my tongue preventing my speech. It also had blinders preventing any vision side to side. He hands her a strap and says for her to put it around my scrotum not tight enough to cut circulation but not loose enough to slip off my balls. She does so then he squirts something in my mouth. Catherine asked what it was and he said was a light sedative and something that will somewhat loosen my stool. I was then tethered to a ring in the wall by my balls and sat on a bale of hay and blinders were moved over my eyes. Was a mostly sleepless night but I just laid on the hay and did my best. Next morning the blinds were moved back to the sides and I was bent over the bale of hay and given an enema to clean me out. Then he hands Catherine a tail on a butt plug with straps which under his direction puts it in and secures it before standing me. My hair (yes I had some back then) was tied in a ponytail and secured to the collar pulling my head back. He then brings a stand and takes a bottle and puts it on the stand with a tube he puts deep in my mouth more or less forcing me to swallow the contents as it drips out. Catherine asks what is in there, he says more of the sedative and stool softener, raw broccoli, raw beet pureed in unflavored yogurt. He said was rather bland but I would be used to it by the end of the weekend. He then tells her they will go to McDonald's while I am having breakfast. I stand there tethered by my balls as the as I watch the bottle empty dripping it contents into my throat. Some time after it emptied they get back from their meal and he cinches a girth around my waist and tightens it really tight. Then he hooks the shafts of the cart to the girth. Then he attaches the middle shaft to my ball strap, says this is what I call a shock absorber.. It will train him to smoothly pull the cart without giving you a jerky ride. With ponygirls we use a dildo but the boys work best with the scrotum mount. He will learn smoothness. He then attaches the long reigns to my head harness and takes the ends back where the rider sits. He then gives her a run through of use of reigns and where to hit me with the buggy whip for best incentive. As he is walking off he said I almost forgot, do you want bells to ring as he pulls you. Catherine says why yes that sounds interesting. He clamps a bell to each nipple and one to my testicle band. The beginning of a very long weekend.