Hello all! To start off me (18F) and my dom (18M) have only been together the last year and a bit, our entire relationship has been long distance but he has come to visit to spend time with me. We are both very new to bdsm, though I have been researching the community since I was 13, he was only introduced to it when he met me. We took it very slow and talked through everything. Now we are both happy with how our relationship dynamic works. I am a little/sub and he is a daddy/dom, I have suffered with depression in the past which makes me very vulnerable emotionally. He is very good at taking care of me and I always know I am safe with him. Recently I introduced the idea of “training” to build of my endurance of staying on my knees (I’m a bigger girl so it is a bit harder for me). Of course he loved the idea and we have started training every night for 5 minutes and overtime the minutes will increase. A few nights ago I wanna as ordered to show him my kitten (not an actual cat) and which I did so, though he did remind me several times if it was to much we could stop. It was fun for me, last night he ordered me to do it again, to which I happily obeyed, but then I was told to touch myself which was a bit scary for me. I didn’t say anything but just did as I was told because I still felt safe with him. Afterwards I experienced a pretty rough sub drop, he had a sudden headache (he has chronic migraines) come on and was thrust out of dom space. Because of this I got little praise which is very important to me, I need constant praise and reassurance that I did well. He did the best he could in his moment of pain and told me to get ready for bed because I was tired after our little session. I couldn’t fall asleep due to the sub drop so I made sure to tell him, he Immediently turned off the show we were watching and praised me, and gave me reassurance I did very well for him. I don’t want to experience a sub drop like that again if it can be avoided. Does anyone have any ideas on how to do some long distance aftercare we could try?