Hello, and thank you for taking the time to read My post. As you can see by the title, I’m fairly young compared to many others here, but do not confuse that with being inexperienced or immature. I graduated from college several years ago, and have a stable job where I’m kicking My student loans in the butt. I’m currently working towards doing something in the voice-over industry (sorry no sample here). This goal is primarily because I have a particular passion for video games and other forms of media that involve voice-over work. I find it incredible just how much emotion one can convey through words alone, and that has motivated Me to pursue a dream career in that field. For now, that’s just a dream, though I am taking steps to make it a reality. All in good time. I come from a culinary background and know My way around a kitchen more than most. Full disclosure, I will ‘ruin your life’ with food. Personality wise I have the aforementioned passion for video games. These days you can find Me engrossed in Destiny 2, praise the Traveler. I grew up with a major love for Star Wars (rip) and sci-fi in general. I do enjoy reading the occasional action novel but unfortunately My books have been collecting dust lately. I love trips to Disneyland and would say I’m a bit of a roller coaster junkie. Aside from those main points I enjoy Marvel movies, some of what Netflix has to offer, and I’m always exploring what else might interest Me. I have 4 cats, 2 dogs, and I raised a Squirrel from a baby up so I guess I got that Disney princess superpower. A perfect day is taking My girls out for a day to a coffee shop, before strolling through a park, taking in nature, and having an afternoon picnic somewhere in the park. Those are some of the highlights of what I think anyone reading this may want to know about My out of kink-life, though I’m happy to answer other questions you have. Moving on to the more intimate details that you probably want to know: I am a Master-type Dominant who currently has two sub-slaves. In some ways I’m somewhat of a Daddy, I often act very paternally even towards My girls. I would not describe Myself as a sadist as I feel pain should have a disciplinary purpose, and I often take a nurturing, paternal role with My partners. W/we would like to have more slave-type submissives to join us. What is the end goal here? How will this work? I want to spend a lot of time learning about you. Ideally, we’ll chat, see if you’re compatible for our dynamic, and I’ll put you ‘under consideration’. I will not be putting My current subs in any position where they might be exploited or taken advantage of, be aware that it will be some time before actually serving with them. All training will take place online and I will only allow someone I have collared to live-in with Myself and current partners. W/we are in the process of relocating, though recent events have put that on hold for the time being. While the ultimate goal is for any new subs to live-in for 24/7 TPE, it would be illogical to do this until our move is finished so be prepared for this to take some time. If the idea of one Master having multiple slaves sounds unappealing or even selfish, take your opinion elsewhere. I describe Myself as a super loving but firm Master who wants to see those that submit to Me flourish in every aspect of their life. I have a lot of love to give and want the best for those that choose to be a part of My life. Some kinks that are expected include, but are not limited to: 24/7 TPE, collaring, bondage, light degradation, CNC, & free use. This is the part that I do feel somewhat bad for putting down but physical attraction is rather important, and frankly for pretty much any dynamic where physical intimacy is expected. Currently W/we are only searching for those that are ethnically Caucasian or Asian between the ages of 18 and 23. Side note, I’m a sucker for British or New Zealander accents. Absolutely no minors, you will be reported. I will show My own picture if you share yours but as I have said before, My partners are off limits.