Lucy and Olexsander (nicknamed Sandy)were at the door. I opened it to be greeted with a high-pitched  squeal. We hadn’t seen each other in a while. We all hugged and then walked over to the couch. You and Lucy cuddled on the floor rubbing each other all over while Sandy and I cracked open beers. “Don’t get too frisky pumpkin, we’ll have plenty of fun later”, Olexsander called out to Lucy. Her plump yet perky breasts bounced and swayed while she rubbed your back. You two sat up and Lucy rested her head on your shoulder. I turned the TV back on to the cartoons and started talking with Sandy. Although he told her not to, Lucy began to unzip your onesie and gasped when she saw your delicious slit in the slutty black thong. You moaned as she began to rub your labia slowly. “Cut it out, babygirl. Save it for later”, Sandy said. Lucy didn’t listen. She began to kiss your neck and rubbed you faster. Sandy was reaching his limit. He warned you two one last time before pulling Lucy off of you. Her hands were soaked with your juices, her lips wet from your kiss. Oleksander quickly took Lucy over his knee and unzipped the bottom half of her pink onesie. Her beautiful creamy thighs and round juicy ass weren’t held back at all by the “Good Girl” panties she had on. He pushed her panties down and began to spank her hard. After each spank, she whimpered and counted how many times he had slapped her round slutty ass. Soon enough, she was crying. “Twenty! Ah! Daddy, I’m sorry!” Her ass was bright red with handprints. “Have you learned your lesson? Have you?” Sandy began to raise his voice and spank her faster. I could see her panties becoming soaked and clinging to her wet pussy. Soon enough, she was soaked through. “Twenty-nine! Daddy please! Unghh! Thirty!” She has clearly misbehaved earlier judging by the punishment. Sandy had decided Lucy had been spanked enough. Her ass was bright red and covered in handprints, her face soaked with tears. She crawled away from him and into my lap. I rubbed her ass with lotion while wiping the tears off. Sandy would have done this but he was taking care of you at the moment. He spent little time unzipping your and pulling down your tiny thong. He chuckled at the sight of such a slutty item of clothing. “I never knew a little could be this naughty”. You whimpered, anticipating the sharp pain of his hand on your thick ass. Your delicious breasts bounced as he rubbed your ass and back forcefully, forcing you over his knee. He began to stroke your hair, cooing to you to be good. You sulked and refused, pouting after seeing how Lucy was punished. I knew you would be sobbing and screaming in no time. He asked you to behave for him one more time. You jumped out of his lap and whined, “No, Uncle Sandy! You’re going to spank me!” “I wasn’t going to spank you before, sweetheart. She broke the rules, not you. But that attitude has go, young lady. Nikke, do you agree?” I nodded, my lips interlocked with Lucy’s. She was straddling me, grinding and whining. “Why are you being so needy, baby? Do you need something?”, I cooed. I knew exactly what she wanted. She wanted me. Not yet. She begged, “Uncle Nikke I need you! Right now!” Right after a spanking and her attitude was as bad as ever. “Young lady, lower your voice.” “NO! I WANT YOU IN ME NOW, UNCLE!”, she practically screamed. I immediately smacked her ass as hard as I could. “Ungh! Uncle, no! Please! I’m sore! AH! I’m sorry!” Your cries didn’t hold me back. I held her on me with one arm and spanked Lucy as hard as I could over and over. Tears streamed down her face once again. Once her bubble butt was turned as bright red as a cherry, I stopped. She quivered in my arms, sobbing. I heard soft moaning. Looking next to me, I saw Sandy teasing you with a small yet thick pink vibe. As soon as you became aroused or wet, he pulled away. “Pleeeaase oh god Uncle please harder! No no no! Please!” My good little girl didn’t move an inch while she was punished. Lucy tumbled to the blanket on the floor. I began to unzip your top zipper and teased your nipples. I nibbled and sucked on your neck while you struggled to stay still. Finally, Sandy decided enough was enough. He stopped, hit your pussy with an open hand, and zipped your hungry slit right up. I stopped kissing you, and held you in my arms. Lucy let out a cry as Sandy began to rub her ass forcefully. He was furious with her after she disobeyed both me and him. “Break one more rule. I dare you”. His voice was just above a whisper, nearly drowned out by Lucy’s yelps as he began to tease her creamy thighs with his fingers. He zipped her up. Enough for now. The littles sat on the floor, asses a bit redder and cheeks a bit wetter than before. “Would you two like some food?” I asked. Sandy accepted, seeing the food I had prepared. Sausage and cheese, along with sliced cucumber and black bread. Me being from Findland, it was quite easy to make. The ribs were cooking in the oven. Everybody was going to feast tonight. I was preparing sushi and pizza, along with barbecue and drinks. I would bartend as well. We had several different requests on the “Daddys and Littles” group chat, so I went through the effort to make it all. You, Sandy and I walked over to the counter. You squealed upon seeing the cupcake mix I had bought from the grocery store. Daddys were making dinner, but the littles were making dessert. I had also bought root beers and lots of ice cream. Your breasts bounced up and down as you hopped like a bunny with excitement. You clapped your hands and squealed. I finished off my beer and so did Sandy. We threw them away and opened sparkling water, not wanting to get blackout drunk at noon. We had a long night ahead of us. I noticed that Lucy was nowhere to be found. She wasn’t eating with us, nor was she in the TV room. Olexsander went to go look for her. He came back only a couple seconds later, with Lucy in his arms. In her hand was a bottle of warming lube, the kind that felt great after a spanking. He didn’t look very angry, and let her out of his arms and into mine. “I’m sorry! It hurt a lot! Please don’t punish me again Uncle! Please, I’ll do anything! Anything!” I chuckled. Lucy was so cute when she begged. “How about you help me make dinner, and in return I’ll give you a nice massage.” She pouted, knowing how much food there was to be made. Sandy whispered in her ear, ”It’s either that or another spanking.” She quickly obliged. Meanwhile, I saw you tidying up in the TV room. “Young lady! Come over here this instant!” I snapped. Knowing I was joking and was proud of you for cleaning without being asked, you fake-stomped your way over to me. I gave you a long, wet kiss, grabbing your warms ass and your delicious breasts. Just a bit longer. Ten minutes later when we were back on the couch, the bell rang. They were here! The littles laughed and clapped their hands. I got the door. A redhead rocket shot from outside to inside in a millisecond. Maggie hadn’t seen either couple of Daddys or littles in quite some time. Her ample breasts bounced as she skipped across the room. Romaine laughed as he hugged me. We hadn’t seen each other since the doubles tournament in January. He was wearing a black Bablobat hoodie and some shorts. He was always a sucker for sponsorships. I handed him a beer and all 6 of us began talking and catching up. I could see Maggie’s hardening nipples and wet slit through her onesie. She wasn’t wearing anything else.