I had the idea that the beastars history as it’s told is not 100% accurate. Humans really did exist at one point but they were erased from the history books. Animals were not always intelligent once upon a time. However, as technology progressed, scientists began to engineer animals that could think like and had the body structure of humans. At first they were not really aware and would only do as humans told them to, acting as servants in everyday society. The scientists realized that this alone wasn’t enough and modified animals that could breed with other species to produce stronger and more enhanced animals called hybrids. These hybrids had abilities that were not natural such as great strength, speed and heightened senses. They were used in military and as exclusive guard animals. Overtime, the animals started to think and become more aware. They realized that their living conditions were unfair and together started to rebel. When it became clear that the humans would not listen to them, they started a mass genocide. Domestic animals such as dogs and cats were the most loyal to their human masters and refused to let them be harmed even defending them. The humans put up a good fight but in the end they were outnumbered and wiped out. When they were gone, the animals were left to themselves. They destroyed anything that reminded them of humans including killed and banished the domestic animals and the hybrids created by them. After that they discovered that they still had conflict between herbivores and carnivores and so they separated. Overtime though they realized that they needed each other and so they worked out their differences and made a sort of alliance between each other. This was before the herbi-carni war. They realized that they needed better animals to fight and what way was to do that than follow the recipe of the domestic dogs and cats created before by men? At this point government officials had classified info of humans’ existence but it is guarded under lock and key. Even in present day, they are determined that no average joe/Jane gets their hands on it although they still reference to human discoveries and creations to fuel their own civilization. There might be descendants or humans even out there who somehow survived but they are in hiding and won’t come out until the time is right. Just my dumb take on it. Add anything or debate how you please.