I just thought I should mention that I was somebody that frequently browsed these subs and thought to myself that it would be an extremely painful and drawn out process to get off benzodiazepines. I found that that is not necessarily the case at all. I just left a treatment center wish I was at for a total of 12 days in Pennsylvania. I was there for benzodiazepines and while I was there I was extremely surprised at the fact that upon entering the treatment center I was not to be tapered off of benzodiazepines but rather immediately removed from them cold turkey and any other symptoms were to be covered by phenobarbital. Now as I mentioned all I have ever read is that it’s a long process and that if you were to see a doctor for the most part they would put you on a longer acting benzo and shortly decrease the dose overtime. I was being seen by a psychiatrist, multiple nurses a day and a counseling staff. I was immediately put on to phenobarbital 90 mg in the morning and then 30 mg midday and then 30 mg at night time to cover any seizures, anxiety and generally just to make you sleepy. During this time I experienced absolutely no anxiety, no seizures, no sleeplessness and no uncomfortableness. It was actually quite a pleasant experience. If you did not tell me I was detoxing from benzos I would have absolutely no clue. The same medication regiment went on for the three days that I was in detox and on the fourth day they weaned me down to 30 mg three times a day. Morning lunch and dinner. I stayed on that for another eight days and then was released from treatment. Since then I have experienced one panic attack simply because it was the day that I was to be discharged and I was nervous about things. But after that day of discharge I’ve only experience periodical anxiety to which I attribute the fact that I’ve had anxiety since I was seven years old. I don’t think that something that will ever go away but I am finding other ways to deal with my anxiety. I just wanted to let you guys know also that I did speak with the doctors and all the other patients there and this is the only course of treatment that they do for benzo’s. They have never ever since the creation of the facility which was in the 40s tapered somebody off of benzo’s so it can be done. Of course in the back of my mind I do worry about postacute withdrawal symptom and the possibility of having seizures and or other symptoms related to my “quick “detox but then again if I was just going off of the doctors advice this would be something I’m worried about. It’s always something I think about because I have browsed these subs and heard the horror stories. I would like to mention also for fox sake that I was able to get myself down to .5 mg a day only within three days of going to the facility. Before that I did a good job of keeping myself around 1 mg so I did jump off at the lowest point of my use purposely but it is also to be said that there were people there that were actively taking much more than that that were put through the same exact detox program. I highly recommend being under medical supervision when you are detoxing but I just wanted to share my experience and hopefully bring some people hope that thought there was none.