The Fall semester just began. You sigh in both excitement and annoyance. The familiar bittersweet feeling is kicking in, and you can't wait to attend all the first few weeks of lectures with all of your newly purchased 25 packs of colorful highlighters, 16 different gel pens, and 5 color coded Muji notebooks. You hop on the 51B and scan your AC Transit card. BEEP BEEP BEEP, the register machine declines. You awkwardly scan it again, feeling slightly embarrassed by the long line of students behind you. You sit down by the window seat and put on your beloved airports, blasting your favorite album from your favorite artist. On your way down the bus, you shout "thank you!" to the driver, and walk toward Lower Sproul, where hundreds of students and faculty are gathering. "Free pizza at 6pm on Monday!" a student announces, handing you a small flyer. You shyly accepts. On your left, sweet Ghibli melodies warmly greet you. You turn your head and admire the passionate piano girl. You imagine being friends with her but you're too shy. Near the gate, you notice your two friends you haven't seen since last semester. "Heeyyy!" They waved. A kiwibot suddenly get too close behind them. "Oops!" One of them moved out of the way for the bot to continue its important delivery mission. You waved back and laughed, continuing your way to class. You sit down in the large lecture hall, listening to the professor explain the syllabus. When class is over, you stroll down Telegraph and meet up your friend at the Asian ghetto. While eating ramen on the outside table, you both notice a group of pigeons and a squirrel having a wrestle. You both laugh in amazement. You and your friend then go to Moffitt. It is crowded there but you manage to find a seat after 15 minutes of walking. It is now 10 PM. You and your friends part, and you hop onto the 52 to go to Target to buy stress relieving snacks and back at your apartment. The next day, you go to your first discussion and make a few new friends. On the weekend, you and your new friends meet up for a studying social. It goes well in the first half hour, but you all end up laughing at UCBMFET and make Tik Tok at Taco Bell all day. When you got home, your roommate complain to you about the other roommate's unsanitary habits. You all got in a heated discussion but end up understanding each other and things improved from there. You hug your homies and you all tuck each other in at night, singing sweet Ghibli lullabies. \*Inserts happy, touchy feely anime music and a compilation of all the goodness that happened before COVID-19 with protagonists running facing the vibrant horizon\* The end.