So before we jump into debate, let me tell you about myself. From a young age in a very country roots Republican household, I grew up around guns. I'm not talking about just self defense handguns, I mean the whole works. Pistols, rifles, shotguns, all of them. Now obviously these are all semi-automatic rifles that are military style just in looks and not in function. Just civilian issued rifles for sport/hunting. I've read all the arguments for assault weapons and how they are completely misrepresented. I've been shooting since I was little and so has everyone I know. It's just how it is around here. My parents tell me they use to be able to keep a rifle in the back of the truck at school and no one blinked an eye. School shootings weren't ever a thing. At least to the extent we see it today. Now, if you're a numbers guy like myself, you'd know that tens of millions of so called assault weapons have been sold to American civilians. Even with every publicized case of a mass shooting, you're looking at .003% of assault weapon owners that are responsible for such heinous acts. Why do you support the banning of these weapons and to stop the production of them? I am completely on board with screwing the NRA. They are crooked and profit off gun sales which is wrong. But these weapons need to be a fundamental right for us to own. Stop punishing the 99.7% of gun owners for these mass shootings! I love Bernie for all of his progressive ideas and I want to see this country move forward. I am however having a hard time getting past this ignorance the democratic party has embraced with gun reform. I am on board for universal background checks and closing loopholes to get guns but I could never support a ban on a weapon specially when it's not backed with actual facts. I lost a relative in a school shooting I know that pain. Though I don't get why people's rage is targeted at the gun and not the shooter. There is no way in hell I could ever vote for Trump, but with the way the Democrats want to treat gun owners it's hard for me to vote at all. I feel like we need a big open discussion with the bernie team and come to an agreement. After all he's all about the common grass roots person and I'm telling you, if we can find solidarity in gun reform you would have so many Republicans who wanna be progressive jump over to Bernie.