This is super complicated, so let me try to explain and apologize the best way I could. So as you may know, there was a post here about Cat Bibi that I removed due to the original artist getting mad that their work was posted somewhere outside of twitter. Let me explain why, it all started in the r/OkBrawlerRetard discord server and we have someone there who draws porn, let's call him "Mortos". However they never like to share or watermark it unless they feel like it. I remembered that Mortos sent me an unfinished Bibi drawing a few weeks ago (NOT THE ONE I DELETED) and I asked if they could share that. At the time, they were spamming porn in the nsfw channel and everyone was asking for Bibi porn. At one point, he showed us the Bibi sketch (the cat one I just removed) to the nsfw channel. At the same time, Mortos dm'd another Bibi drawing (the one that he drew). The Cat Bibi was an early sketch so I couldn't tell that it wasn't his art style and I chose that one to post instead of the drawing he dm'd me. I thought he also drew that. Basically, I chose the wrong drawing and chose the one that wasn't his. I didn't want to post it to keep my profile sfw so I asked my friend u/brytheredstoner to post it. Oh boy did things get wild after that. So now at this point, people are telling Bry that he stole someone's work on twitter and how the original artist wouldn't like that. We ignored them at first because we both thought that we knew the original artist. We asked Mortos again if it was ok to post his work on the sub (keep in mind he is unaware that we posted the wrong picture). Mortos said that it was fine and he wanted to be referred to as the "OKBR artist" for credit. So I took a screenshot and sent it to Bry who was getting really annoyed by these comments and he wanted something to shut them up. He censored our names and replaced them. I was changed to  "friend" and referred Mortos was "retard" because we were in the OkBrawlerRetard server. This made the original artist pissed because they just found out about their art getting reposted here and was also pissed that we referred to him as a "retard". They thought that Bry made up the discord screenshot and that he was lying. Oh, but it doesn't stop there, at the same time u/kwispye wanted to finish the Bibi sketch and wanted to ask the OP of they were fine with that. My dumbass asked Mortos if he was fine with his drawing getting finished. He said he didn't care so I told Kwispye that they could finish it and how they didn't want to be credited. After some time, I realized that @ dan\_hyde018 on twitter was the actual artist on the Bibi sketch. I got mad at Mortos and I said he steals art. He then called me out for being a dumbass because I posted the wrong drawing. (The real drawing is now in the sub btw). He was right. I made a huge mess. So to u/kwispye: u/brytheredstoner did not steal art, it was my dumbass that made it look like that. Bry is innocent. Also, I'm pretty sure you can't finish the art btw. To @ dan\_hyde018 on twitter: I'm so sorry that this happened to you and it made you angry. I'm so sorry that I made it look like Mortos was the OP and not you. I'm sorry to the sub that I removed good art. I'm sorry Bry I brought so much hate to you. I'm sorry to everyone. 1 mistake pissed off a lot of people. I'm so sorry. It's all my fault. Also more sad news, my favorite mod u/Katsuki_k deleted their account. She was so nice and sweet and a shame how we didn't see her much and how we might not see her in the future. New flair to mourn her. Also new mod: u/Golde_bs who is pretty epic. I hope that this post cleared some things up. If you are confused or have any more questions, come ask me.