If your like me, you have not ever been treated with respect or severity when it comes to your condition. Anorexia, bulimia, and any other illness is treated with way more care. If your like me, binging can cause you physical illness (not by choice) and sometimes self hate that is so severe I contemplate suicide. Even when you have gotten help, you’ve relapsed, and it’s like a vicious cycle people can only see as lack of self control. It is the one disorder I think can be the most damaging towards oneself and somehow is constantly met with the highest lack of understanding. The fact it is in “our control” then defeats the whole point of us out reaching to find help controlling things. It’s clearly not in my fucking control or i would have stopped! I’m tired for not receiving help when I ask and given “tips” when all I want to do is share my struggles and be heard. Be listened to, feel not judged, and only hope I can find a sense of support. There are literally a million ways to be unvalidated it seems like. Binge eating can totally be denied by your peers, Wether your not the right weight to “worry”, wether you eat healthy, ect. And if your truly overweight your constantly met with fatphobic doctors who make you feel like your some other species. Even if I eat fucking oatmeal and I’m the average fucking weight but I eat until I feel like I’m going to explode and cant stop eating until I hate myself, that’s still fucking binging! Why can’t people understand binge eating is a mentality and also a physical addiction. One so severe I’ve replaced my addiction to heroin with food. Even though food is a necessity, this is absolute garbage. How can I be receiving the same endorphins without it being an addiction?! To anyone else who’s experienced any kind of trauma but was smart enough to stay away from drugs, I have so much compassion for you. The only reason I can have any sanity is my direct correlation of my recent drug abuse that I switched to food in sobriety. People are so belittling towards this disorder, which really just adds to the load of self hate I am constantly drowning in, and I can only expect y’all are also having. Oh your struggling.. just eat less! Just plan your meals! Ect ect. You don’t think I know what the fuck I need to do??? People genuinely believe I can sit here and be miserable without having tried every simple fix. I’m just writing this in a flurry of rage after what I presumed to be a vulnerable post was responded with the most crummy and demeaning advice possible from a fellow member of this community. I am somewhat new to this community,  but I will not fucking sit here trying to find support and be met with the same rude attitude but now from people also suffering bed! Anyone reading this, just know it is not your fault you have bed. Wether it’s trauma, addiction, epigenetic, you are a warrior and you are battling something strong and terrifying. Your fighting a monster that wants to swallow you whole and it lives beneath your own skin. Even if no one sees the monster, I do, and I believe in all of us t murder this fucker. acknowledgement is the first step to recovery, and the fact we are on this forum shows we want to change. Progress might not be perfect, but not living in ignorance is one hell of a step. This post is a sign that we need more fucking compassion in this world and to this disorder!! If you are reading this and really struggling and feel alone and problematic, fuck anyone who has contributed to these feelings. I SEE YOU and VALIDATE you. I have so much RESPECT for everyone on this forum. Being here is trying your best to recognize your demons and fight them. It’s FuCking huge!!! Let’s all have compassion towards ourselves and others, not just for the sake of bed but for the sake of making the world less of a shithole. Love all of you and remember the more you believe in yourself, the better the odds are. Fuck anyone making you feel shitty, and it’s not your fault. Thank you for reading my rant and just you acknowledging and reading my words makes me feel supported. I support you, I believe in you, and no matter what people say you are a fucking warrior.