For those of you that don’t know generational trauma in the context of sociology and economics refers to hardships being passed down through generations in marginalized communities. An example of this would be a community of African American’s in a small southern town having a disproportionately low number of college graduates. This being due to most of their parents not having a bachelors degree which is do to their grandparents not being physically able to attend their local university back before the civil rights movement. This Leads to a cultural idea that higher education isn’t practical or realistically attainable as well as a lack of excess funds (low economic opportunities leads to a low inheritance and lack of financial support) to support an college education. A large part of this is also related to the wealth of their parents and also their lump some inheritance. Like if both parents had doctorates before the child was born it’s overwhelming likely that said child will at least (before 30) get a masters. And this allows for them to have the economic freedom to pay for their children’s education as well as imprint on them the cultural importance of seeking higher education. I’m oversimplifying and education isn’t the only avenue of generational trauma but it’s a simple enough to explain. If your parents went to college, you’re more likely to go to college, if they physically were prevented from attending then that actually affects how you’re raised and the economics and culture of how you grow up. Longer periods of disenfranchisement leads to greater economic discrepancy. Now I’m familiar with the concept on an economic and sociological level but after taking a cultural anthropology class this semester my professor discussed generational trauma...... basically in the same way I did. Except she ended it with a little tid bit about it also being genetic and biological. As in the hardships your parents (and ancestors) faced in life previously has a direct influence on your development before birth. I know nothing of biology as a discipline, but how is this possible? Is it even possible? Did I mis hear something? How can something my parents delt with be physically coded into their genetic traits after already being born? And how are these traits then based to me?