Sorry I’m sure theirs already posts like this I just want to write it it out and here others experiences. The past year has been rough and been through the wringer. I’ve denied I had issues for a long time, and it took me awhile until I came to terms with them. I grew up in the independent fundamental baptist church culture and mental illness/medicine is very taboo subject and stigmatised, much more so than it already is still.  Anyways I spent the past year going through shitty SSRIs and antidepressants my doctor put me on, Zoloft, lexapRo, Prozac, and Wellbutrin. I’m not sure what triggered it, but those drugs severely brought out my hypomania. I do partially blame myself for not being as open as I shouod have , but I was scared for it to be true because my aunt was BP2 and commited suicide. August was the worst, I was the most reckless I’ve ever been, I opened up every credit card possible and maxed them out, driving like a suicidal mad man , like 70 in a 25 or easily over 100 in a 45. It’s a miracle I didn’t hurt anyone or myself. I financed shit I can never pay Back and my casual drug became muddy riskier and even overdosed. At the end of August, I went through with my suicide attempt. I succeeded, I was dead, but a friend I called earlier called the copes 2 hours earlier and Turks out they pinged my phone and found me with less than 2 minutes to live. I used carbon monoxide from charcoal and placed it in my car in a remote location, and was knocked out within 5 minute woke up in the ambulance i couldn’t believe it. Spent the next 10 days at the psych ward involuntarily, and it wasn’t until the day I was discharged where t he doctor went over everything with me and started examining closer the timelines of events, I tried to hide a lot, and yet she still came up with a possibility of BP2 and wrote it out and wanted me to show it to my doctor. Well I had hid that shit, and continued Wellbutrin at this point since it wasnr an SSRI antidepressant. Still was very reckless, I dropped out of college 3 weeks in and pretended to go the entire semesters my parents don’t even know. This week I just tapered off of it, and came clean to my doctor about what’s going on minus my substance use. She determined what I feared all along, BP2 and also BPD. So now I start on Lamictal / Lamotrigine 25mg for 2 weeks, then 50mg for 2 weeks, and 100mg for 2 weeks and we’ll raise it up after that as long as no rash and if it works. I’m curious tho others experiences and how it’s been for you and when it started working? I’m slightly concerned about the memory loss/feeling dumb because I’m already on Clonazepam daily for seizure prevention (ever since suicide attempt) and panic attacks and honestly I already feel dumb, slow, forgetful just from the klonopin . Im only 20 and I can just see my mental health deteriorates and so can others and it saddens me from what I used to be and I’ve learned my family has a lot of drug issues and mental illness especially bipolar, depression, anxiety. Sorry idknifn that makes sense I just wantedntinwritenirnour it’s okay if you ignore it