i don't know where to post this. i feel so alone during this quarantine that i'm left to my own thoughts. i live with my family but my brother and i don't get along and i'm not close to my parents. essentially, i'm 22 and im a giant failure. i'm a sophomore in university and i just came back to school from an extended leave of absence due to my bipolar disorder. i was having an okay transition to school and then one of my friends killed himself. we weren't as close the past year or so and i feel guilty for that. because i was so self-absorbed in my own shit i didn't notice how he was doing. after it happened, i was in shock and haven't been able to really process my emotions. now, i'm back home again and taking online classes since everything transitioned. my therapist is back in the city of my university, and i don't feel like getting a new one because it is exhausting getting a new therapist. i'm overwhelmed with school, coping with what happened to my friend, and my future. idk what to do. i also have severe self hate issues. i don't have a lot of friends to talk to. i do but i don't think they think very highly of me since i feel dumber than most of them. i don't know what to do. i feel so alone. i want to be successful but at this rate, i don't know. i'm a failure. my "best friends" people i should talk to ridicule me constantly. i was supposed to talk with a potential mentor of mine but i haven't studied anything she gave me nearly a month ago. i am behind in two classes for school. im crying in my room constantly about everything. i'm mourning. and i feel selfish for not constantly thinking of my friend but i don't know how to mourn for him without getting into my head. and i keep comparing myself to other people. most people my age are graduating college, are in serious relationships, starting careers. please give me advice. i don't know how to get out of the hole ive dug for myself with school or how to manage my emotions and mourn or how to be successful. i fucking hate being bipolar i just wish i was normal and my life wasn't complete shit. i've never had a good year since i was 16.