Been with my girlfriend for 8 years in total. We have split a few times, it has started to be somwhat of a pattern. Right at beginning of aprilish. Though it has been roughly 2 and a half years apart from the issues, they are pritty much the same. She went half cross state in early april to visit a friend. She disappears on me for the night and of course I start questing all sorts of stuff. She was over there for 4 days, comes home and compleaty blows my birthday off. Like no card or anything of the sort. She is home for one night then decides she wants to go back over this time taking the kids with her. I was hurt so told her she needed to start thinking about our relationship and if she wants to contenue. So while she was over with her kids one tells me she is sad we are breaking up. So next thing I know when she returns home sure enough she decides to call it off. Over the next month in a half she spent a ton of time over on the other side of the state trying to get a job, we had a arrangement that I would finish working out of town and she could focus on packing while I did what I needed. Leaving kids alone over night was not a big deal to her, 15,11, and 6. I find this very concerning because we were both 100s of miles away and I felt it was not in her usual carictor to do as such. Now she has moved out, for the most part stated that she has never been so grounded or clearer thinking in her life. She just wants her kids and her to live a happy life and she wants to support herself. The prolom, I have paid for her and the kids for the 8 years we have been togeather. Basicly raised them all as their dads are not in the picture much. So she takes a leap of faith in the middle of a pandemic to make a better life for her and her children. Yet she left yesterday and all the kids are still at the house with me, does not have a plan when she will see them again or anything. Only one of the children with her is my biological daughter. Does this seem manic? She will have burst of energy like she does now once in awhile and then crashes hard, she has stated she has been suicidal with me for quite sometime and now she has a ilision she can score a 24 doller an hour job with a job history of about 3 months in 8 years. I dont know what to think, I guess I just need to decide if when she has done this in the past and crashes, if I need to move on or pick up the peaces. I still love and care for her dearly but a guy can only take so much. Thankyou all for any input.