its so hard to get up in the mornings. to brush my hair. to brush my teeth. to shower. its hard to sleep at night. everything was fine for a year, I had bad moments but nothing I couldn't pull myself out of, it wasn't as bad as it used to be. I was doing so well, and then suddenly I just couldn't find the energy or motivation to do absolutely anything. my brain has always been a mess with a million thoughts running through it at once and I don't know if there will ever be a day that I'll able to just pause it for one fucking second, just one. I've always been someone to jump in & help anyone with anything but I've never allowed anyone to help me, its so hard to talk about my feelings & whats going in my head, its so hard to put all this mess into words. And when I did ask for help I was told I was overreacting, that I was gonna start my period, that it's all in my head. But now I have my boyfriend who I've been with a year, someone who is willing to listen to me & my problems but I don't have the courage to tell him when I'm not ok. I feel guilty, I don't feel right just dropping all of that on him, I'm not his responsibility & I know he struggles with things too & I just can't do that to him, I don't want to do that to him, & he tells me its ok that thats what he's here for but I just can't & when I do want to it's always bad timing or I just can't physically get any words out of my mouth. I can't get two words out about the way I feel without crying, I don't know if its because I've built up so much of it inside & never spoke of it so when I do talk about it its hard to hold myself together because it feels like I'm finally being listened to? like I'm finally allowed to have a voice? like I'm finally not alone? I don't even know if I'm making any fucking sense. I don't know who I want to be in life, I don't know what I want to do, I hate not fucking knowing how I'm gonna feel the next day when I wake up, because I fucking hate feeling like this, I just want it to go away, I want it to be over. I'm so tired of being sad but sadness was all I had all I've know and that makes it so much fucking harder to pull myself out of this. I hate having good days & then the next I want to kill myself. I hate that when I'm on the depressive side of the spectrum I'm always at the lowest part. I hate myself so much & I just want to be able to talk about this but I never seem to be able to. I do have suicidal thoughts & I want to die but I know there's always a light at the end of the tunnel & so I'm going to keep trying everyday to do my best even if its not a lot. because even when getting up seems like the hardest thing to do, after I do it I feel so good, I feel a little more calm & at ease. if I can't do it for someone else then I have to do it for myself. its just really hard & eventually you get tired of holding yourself together you know. but I hope it'll all be worth it in the end.