 I have done many a foolish things in maniac episodes spending $2,000 in a single weekend in a year I only made $14,000. Which ended up causing me to live in my car for 6 months traveling the States from Cali to Colorado to a minor detour to Alabama. I was helping another vagabond found in Texas get to see his daughter for the first time in 3 years and making some more risky reckless decisions while there and befriended some gutter druggies and smoked fake weed and crack for the 1st time. I ended up running thru a Walmart parking lot naked trying to get into a middle aged couples RV. Where I was promptly flashed a firearm and swift kick to the face and landing head first on asphalt , lol, talk about a moment of clarity. Then escorted to a mental infirmary by EMS & Sheriffs where I manged to escape in about 12 hours time but only had the foam happy face shoes and hospital gown from being butt naked on arrival. Mind you its freezing out cause this was in December and I spent the next 2 and half weeks wondering around Mobile, Alabama and eventually outlaying suburbs including Sims which is where my car was. Living of what I found on the streets what some people offered and eventually to the point of stealing food and warmer cloths. Walking at night to be safe and keep my body warm and sleeping at day with the poor mans blanket the sun. All this happening while missing my 1st Christmas of my youngest son conceived in a maniac attempt to save a floundering marriage of 6 years the cause of my oldest son who was the real cause of the marriage of two unbalanced individuals who went from Hello to I do in 12 days. Getting the marriage license bought by pawning my guitar and rolling up to the local Justice of the Peace, without informing any friends or family, said the state mandated vows and I do in shorts flip-flops and a short sleeve plaid button up while she sported gym shorts and a rolling stones t-shirt topped of with a facial expression of Fear and eyes screaming WTF am I doing right before stumbling over the words I do. Just some adventures of my life induced by bi-polar disorder but my point is its me and I accept it have matured my episodes learning to damage control and come a little closer to center of the wheel of life but I have lived a dozen different lifes and I am only 31 one of the pros of being out on the edge of the wheel you cover more area of experience and began to acquire a broader perception and can see the good in pretty much anything. Enjoy your flaws that is where your greatest gifts are.