I am a birth mother and I have a pretty unique adoption story.  it started three years ago just a month after I had graduated high school. At that time in my life I was making some pretty poor choices and being very careless.  One weekend I found myself at a party getting intoxicated and eventually I blacked out and woke up to my friends bringing me home.  The next morning when I woke up, I could tell that I had done something with a guy the previous night but I couldn’t remember exactly what happened and I couldn’t remember who.  I called my friends and questioned them but they said they found me in a room by myself and they had lost me in the party for a while so they had assumed I had maybe gone off with somebody but they did not know who.  when they found me they ended up taking me and we left the party and they brought me home.  I was scared that something may have happened so I decided to go to the store and buy a Plan B pill which I took.  after that I did not really think much of it and went on with my life.  around a month later I was waiting for my period to come because I do track it so I know exactly when it’s supposed to come.  One day after my period was supposed to start, it still had not and I knew that wasn’t very abnormal but I still felt something was not right.  I thought of that night a month prior and decided to do some investigating. I ended up going to a Walgreens and buying four pregnancy tests.  I took all 4 at the same time and waited.  after five minutes I checked the tests and three of them were positive and one was negative.  Being very naïve at the time I assumed it was a false positive which I now know is not possible.  I decided that I was going to go see my family doctor to get a more accurate test done.  I told my parents that I was going to get a check up because I was 18 now and they gave me instructions on how to schedule an appointment.  I went to the doctor the same day told him what I thought might be going on and he advised me that we should do a urine test as well as a blood test.  after doing the urine test it did come back negative, to my relief.  The doctor said that he still wanted to do a blood test just to absolutely ensure that we had the right result.  He said the results would take about a day so I would have to come back tomorrow to find out.  So I went home and I waited in agony.  I did not get a minute of sleep that night.  Now I’m someone who usually sleeps in until 1 PM because this was during the summer time and I had a job that was at night.  but this morning I woke up at 7:45 AM and drove straight to the Doctor Who opened at 8 o’clock.  when I got there I told them that I wanted to find out what my test results were and so they brought me back into a room and I waited for what seemed like forever for the doctor to come back.  The doctor walked into the room with a somber look on his face, I could not gauge what he was going to say.  finally he spoke, and said, “The blood test did come back positive for pregnancy and it looks like you are a month pregnant.”  I was shocked and didn’t really know how to react so all I asked him was for a list of doctors to see to start my prenatal care.  he gave me the list and told me if I needed help or needed him to talk to my parents that I could come back and he would be happy to do that.  I took the list and left the doctors office and walked to my car.  after closing my car door I completely broke down.  I was devastated at the news how could I be pregnant so young?  As soon as he had told me the news a thought had formed in my head that adoption was exactly how I wanted to handle this.  I called a couple of my close friends and told them what was going on and they offered me their support and love.  I ended up calling one of my very best friends at the time who was actually an adoptee and she offered to meet me and come with me to tell my mom.  we met up in a parking lot and she hugged me and I cried and we drove to my house together.  we walked into my house and walked up to my moms room and she was waiting at the top of the stairs confused as to why my friend was with me and why I was up so early in the morning.  everyone else in the house was asleep and my dad was not at home.  I asked my mom if we could go into her room because I need to tell her something important.  my friend and I went into my moms room, and I broke her the news that I was pregnant, with shame in my voice.  My mom didn’t really know how to react she was very shocked she had a very emotionless reaction she wasn’t very angry with me she was just shocked and trying to process it.  I think she empathize with me a little bit because she did go through the same thing when she was 17 and she placed a baby for adoption.  eventually I asked her if she could help me tell my father who would be home later that night.  she said yes and I left her room to let her process it hugged my friend and said goodbye to her and thanked her for coming with me.  I ended up going back into my room and laying on my bed but I could not go back to sleep.  I did not tell anyone else what was going on not my siblings or any other friends.  finally that evening my dad arrived at home.  I asked if he could come up to my parents room with my mom so I could discuss some news with him.  once we were in the room and the door was shut I let him know what had been going on.  he became extremely angry with me and said some very hurtful things towards me it got to the point where my mother had to ask him to stop and she directed me to leave the room to let him cool off.  I remember going back to my room and crying because I was so embarrassed and ashamed and upset because my dad was disappointed in me.  A few days passed and eventually my dad came to my room and apologized for how he had acted he told me he loved me and that we were going to figure it out.  my parents and I decided together that we were going to keep this news from my siblings because my brother was just a few months away from getting married and I did not want to take any attention away from that.  later that day my father called me into his room and he and my mother told me that they had contacted my grandmother who lives in Arizona and she had agreed that if I wanted I could move to Arizona to carry out my pregnancy so I could do it in secret and not have to be pregnant in front of my peers and family.  at the time I was so embarrassed and I wanted to keep it private so I agreed and we made the arrangements for me to move to Arizona to live with my grandmother.  three months after finding out I was pregnant I moved to Phoenix Arizona.  when we had told my siblings that I was moving they were shocked and confused and didn’t understand why my parents would support me moving away but they told me they loved me and that we would keep in touch and that I would see them when they came to visit and when I came back for my brothers wedding.  A month after moving I did return to my home state to watch my brother get married.  At this point I was four months pregnant but my stomach was very small and it took a long time for me to show.  I was still able to be a bridesmaid and I could even fit into the dress that they had originally bought me for the wedding.  no one in my family knew I was pregnant even my siblings and I kept it that way until I return to Arizona after his wedding was over.  After I returned I had my parents tell my siblings the reason why I had moved to Arizona.  my siblings were shocked but they all reached out to me to tell me they love me and that they would support me and they couldn’t wait for me to come back home.  after moving to Arizona I deleted most of my social media and did not make any posts about my pregnancy.  this post has been pretty long but I will post later and talk about my journey through my pregnancy as well as meeting my sons adoptive parents, his birth story, and my open adoption. Thank you for reading.