Hey everyone! I’m basically looking for advice or your experiences relating to my story and wondering what I should do. In late July of last year I found out I was pregnant and ended up getting an abortion in August. During the procedure I also got a mirena iud installed. Now obviously for the first month - month and a half I’d say, my body was out of wack from being pregnant to not and then immediately going on birth control. I was bleeding lots and cramping but when I went for my check up they said everything was good and in place. Perfect. The bleeding got lighter and turned into spotting but it honestly never went away. I never got a full on period after getting it but I could literally count on one hand how many days there were that I didn’t bleed in a 4 month time span. I always just played it off as my body still adjusting from the abortion but around Christmas for the first time since, I got what I thought was a regular period. Now the only thing different was instead of feeling cramping basically everywhere it was like a pinpoint cramp and got worse and worse as the days went on. It got to the point where I couldn’t walk, bent over, or even sit without what I though was my iud stabbing me basically. So I ended up going to emerg, they do an ultrasound and just what I thought my iud fell out of place which explained my period. Now I was moving across the province the next day and because I live in Canada, an iud is not free and I wasn’t willing to drop $350 right then to get another one when I could use that for moving. Also, I thought it would be a good time to give my body a chance to recover from everything. I got a light period closer to the end of January and I was like sweet things are getting back to normal then BAM it was like the flood gates had open. Two nights ago, I got my period which was a normal flow and then yesterday morning I woke up and it was super heavy and still continues to be. Throughout the day it got worse and I have to change my tampon every 1.5-2 hours at this point. I obviously am super concerned, so I  looked it up and from what I’m reading it’s common after an iud removal. I was actually going to call and book an apt tomorrow to get another one installed and hope this time around it works for me but now I am unsure and extremely discouraged as this last year has been nothing but issues for me. I absolutely love the idea of an iud and want it to work so bad for me. I’m hoping someone here can shed some light on to why this is happening and if I should still try and get another one!!