I've had my Mirena IUD inserted 8 months ago. Prior to this I had been using the NuvaRing and loved the ring. It was simple and easy to remember to replace and I found it to be very effective. I switched to the IUD because the guy I was dating at the time talked me into getting it not because I wanted to. I let him talk me into it because of how great the statistics were. He being in the medical field told me that his (girl) friends who had gotten it had nothing but great things to say about it and everyone really advocates for it, so i trusted him. I figured it can't be that bad and made an appointment with my OBGYN to get it inserted. Well let me tell you ...I was wrong. I was in the worst pain of my life when my doctor put it in and I had the worst 3 weeks of my life after that. I had constant cramps and could barely walk from the pain. When I went back for my follow up appointment my OBGYN couldn't find the strings so they made me have an ultrasound to make sure it was still in place and it was. The pain eventually subsided and cramping stopped but the last seven months I still had problems with it. I experienced cramping after intercourse. It felt like when I moved I could feel it jab into my uterus. My period got lighter but didn't completely subside. PMS symptoms still were pretty bad with breast tenderness consistently. After having the IUD inserted I developed incontinence problems which could be completely unrelated but who knows. Long story short, I haven't been happy with the IUD. Well now I'm at a point where I'm no longer with this person and I'm not sexually active and I spoke with my doctor about having it removed. My Obgyn agrees that we should remove it since I'm not happy with it and because of COVID-19 they weren't seeing patients who weren't pregnant but my doctor wants to see me tomorrow to get it removed. I'm scared that the removal process will be just as painful or that I will regret getting it removed. He told me to take ibuprofen a few hours before my appointment but I am scared that they won't be able to find the strings and it will be more invasive and painful.