When I say debunking, I mean shedding light on what is really happening. In fact the labels do not matter, the labels are pons in a bigger mess. I will not define Pan or Bi. In everyday use the definitions often don't match the person's true feelings. E.g. a person might use bi because they're older and have emotional attachments to bi. A person might use pan because they want to be PC or avoid the bad connotations of the word bi. There are various reasons a person might use bi or pan. When someone says they're bi or pan, the only thing we can conclude is that they are not exclusively attracted to one gener. The term in academia to describe such people are non-monosexuals. In this post I will use a shortened version of non-monosexual (no-mono) as a neutral term. I will use the word Bisexual to refer to the Bisexual community prior to the rise of the use of Pansexual. I will use bi to refer to Bisexuals in the times of pan vs bi debate. The discourse around Pansexuality is comendable. We should be inclusive of all gender identifies, in fact we should see beyond gender. We should connect as human(s) to human(s). No label can ever describe the complexity of a person's sexuality and we should not try to make labels that do. Instead we should uphold these radical ideas. What is often not known is the fact that these ideas come from the Bisexual movement. The ideas from pan people all come from the Bisexual community. The text "Bisexual Manifesto" is usually cited by bi folks as proof as being inclusive to all genders. This is a good place to start reading if you are unfamiliar with the ideas behind the Bisexual movement. There are many texts in Bisexual literature that predate the ideas of pan folks. I do not point this out just to say we're all the same, though we are. We are all no-monos. But what really makes us no-monos? Identities are formed as a reaction to oppression. It is a way for oppressed people to cope and fight oppression. For example, gay and lesbian identities formed as a backlash to oppression from heteronormativity and the patriarchy. So what forms the no-mono "identity" (we have not quite solidified an identity, the way gays and lesbians have). We are all oppressed by monosexism; The belief that monosexuality (either hetero and/or homo) is superior to or more legitimate than no-monos). So it makes sense that we all unite and stop the infighting? Many of you know all this. That's why you're here! But why is it that some no-monos do not retain this? Why the infighting? Internalized oppression (also known as internalized biphobia to no-monos) is the reason. You might be "pointing a finger" in your head as to who this is in the pan/bi debate. If you did, this is internalized oppression subley playing out in your head. It subtley plays itself out in many ways. For example, a common rebultle to the question "why do bi women always end up with men" is that lesbians don't like "us" and there are just more available men. What is this argument missing (Besides the existence non-binary people)? No-mono people are not suggested as potential partners. This is because (the no-mono who is contesting this question) deep down feels disgust for no-monos. They did not even think of no-monos as being a viable option. In this case and in the pan/bi debate, we think we are displaying self- respect and pride by defending ourselves, but we are only partially doing this. Often we can't stand to look at the people who remind us of ourselves. Historically Bisexuals have tried to look for validation from Gay/lesbian or straight people. The pan/bi debate is just that. We are downing each other to gain acceptance. This has been conditioned within us, it has always been okay to shit on the Bisexuals. This is in part of why the use of the word Pansexual became popular. But bi folks have backlashed at pan folks as well. They have played into it just as much as pan folks. Nobody is on the right side of this. In order to move forward we must all assume that we are suffering from internalized oppression. You must not doubt that you suffer from this to some extent, even if you have been on the side of unity. But wait! What word(s) do we use to label no-monos? Once we do the emotional healing and have a legitimate sence of pride then the answer(s) will become clear. I will not put my input in on this though. But, I will say that much of this mess was created by erasure of work the Bisexual community has done for no-monos, transgender people and the contributions to all LGBT+ folks. The word Bisexual holds all the negative connotations that go along with being no-mono. If there is something about the word Bisexual that just leaves a bad taste in your mouth, embracing that word will be your short cut to fighting your inner demons. That is meant as advice and not as an argument for the use of the Bi label. The bigger picture is moving forward. The true tragedy of the pan/bi debate is that the whole premise of it has been centered around being pleasing and acceptable to others. While the gays, lesbians and straights gawk at us. We need to build up our sense of self. It is no surprise that studies show in comparison to monosexuals, no-monos have the lowest self esteem and are more likely to be depressed.