My boyfriend was coming around to my house and he asked if he could bring his sister so i said sure why not. When he arrived i was immediately more interested in his sister and we locked eyes for a few seconds. He broke the awkward silence and introduced me to her then came inside. We went upstairs and sat on my bed and talked about life and stuff then ended up playing truth or dare. We went around and then it was my turn, i picked dare because I’m a risk taker little did i know my own boyfriend would dare me to kiss his own sister. She tied her hair back and leaned into me, i felt scared and nervous, i leaned forwards and our lips connected. I expected it to be a short kiss but it wasn’t. She placed her hands on my face and began to run her hands through my hair, i didn’t know what was going on i thought it would feel wrong but it didn’t, i felt really horny, the horniest I’d ever been. I could feel myself getting wet but i didn’t care, i was loving it. She ran her hands down my sides and grabbed my hips as her tongue entered my mouth, i opened my eyes and my boyfriend had left the room. She jumped up and locked the door then took her shirt off, her tits were perfect; so meaty and brilliant. She pulled down my jeans and saw my wet panties and i felt embarrassed. She told me it was fine and that she didn’t care if i was wet from only kissing. Then she pulled down my panties, leaving me surprised, and put two fingers into my pussy. I’d never been fingered before but this felt brilliant, she knew exactly what to do and within minutes she made me squirt. I didn’t even know i could squirt but this didn’t stop her. I could barely breathe, i was so wet and horny but she was still fingering me like there was no tomorrow, i lost all control this time when i came i began to shake I couldn’t do anything i was defenceless. I was laying there having the time of my life when i realised that i preferred this. I preferred a girl who knew exactly what she was doing rather than some guy who doesn’t. Its been 2 years since I’ve dated a boy and i love being a lesbian