Ok, so I literally just recently realized I might be some kind of bi because I’m oblivious as hell.  I’m female college aged.  When I was younger (before puberty) I only had crushes on guys.  During middle school I would always stare at girls because I was worried that if I stared at guys they would think that I liked them, and ten year old me though crushes were social suicide.  I was envious of some girls and I wanted to “be them” and retrospectively was probably attracted to them.  In HS I didn’t have a crush on anyone because my one true love was One Direction (Zayn hmu) and I was focused on school.  Flash forward to now, I literally just realized it’s not straight to be turned on by other girls (don’t ask me how it took me like a decade to figure this one out).  I’m realizing that objectively I think girls are hotter.  Here’s the problem though: I never think guys are that objectively hot, but I fall head over heels in love with them once I get to know them.  I’ve only ever dated guys, and I love dating guys.  I really feel a romantic connection with them, but it’s always the sort of thing where we start out as friends and progress to more.  I’m not that turned on by guys until we are literally hooking up, like sex is fun and dick is great, but staring at abs doesn’t do much for me.  When I look at girls I do get turned on by them, but when I make out with them I don’t really feel much.  It’s probably worth noting I’ve never really made out with girls with intention, it’s usually just to put on a show for frat boys (fully aware that I am literal trash). Anyways, I also genuinely don’t feel interested in having sex with a girl, the thought kind of grossed me out and I don’t know if that’s real or internalized homophobia.  I don’t know how I feel about a relationship with a girl because I’ve never had a crush on one.  Please help me define this, I’ll probably move away from labels eventually, but I’d love to at least have some to grasp at what I’m dealing with here.