My Mother knows since one month that I'm Bi. She was at first A N G E R Y but after I gave her time and after she talked to her psyhater about this she learned to be a little bit more acceptant. She is sometimes getting irritated when I talk to her about lgbt from a normal point of few but she won't start a Hitler like speech as she would do every time when she heard the wort lgbt before talking to her psychater. However she was not willing for me to come out to her partner(not my dad, he life's not with us) .She thought that he would burst like a Vulcan, destroying every thing in his way only to kill me when he would hear that I'm not Being like the rest. However I've dared to do so today. And the results were... Idk I don't care about his meaning, but hey the house is still standing, he was not yelling, he didn't hurt me. He just really nicely made it clear that he does not understand how a male can find  another male attractive and that he does not suport lgbt, and he does not support children adoption for them. He was also confused why I'm telling this him (I just wanted him to not wonder in the future if I would have A b0yfrie3nd) . He was also using very much stereotypical thinking, like that it's maybe a phase. I just accepted his point of few as of knowing that I won't mange to change the point o few of a 1000000000% straight alpha male which the man of my mother honestly is. He just said that he won't Comme to my wedding if it will be with a man. (im male). He also does not want me to function as a LGBT advertisement (no lgbt flags, or other form of lgbt spreading) in the house. But in the end its for my mother God thanks to decide what I'm allowed to do as she is the right full owner of the house. So yeah, as long as he not harm me or discriminating me because my orientation I having no problems with him. I mean maybe some of you wouldn't be so acceptant to his form of u acceptance but I don't really care since it won't affect my life negatively in any of its aspects. Good Night have a good sleep ❤️💜💙💤💤💤