She was perfect, everything i ever wanted in a person. She was a taurus to my capricorn and an ENTP to my INTJ. It was perfect. I’m a close book and never really open up to people. But the first time we texted, we texted for hours. And i mean HOURS, it was insane. I literally shared my whole life story with her and so did she. I told her everything, i could tell her everything. It was so smooth, easy. And after that we just grew closer. We are in the same class, one day we didnt know eachother and the next we were punching each other in a friendly way, teasing each other and just being super SUPER close. It continued for a month, and only increased. We would be super touchy feely. Always. It was the best days of my life. We grew incredibly close and she became one of my closest friends. One day we were out with some friends, and with her. And there was one moment where i looked into her eyes and she touched my arms and smiled the most beautiful way and that was it. That spark, that fear, that intense feeling. I hated myself for feeling it. She was a very close friend. But she was just so so flirting with me all the time and i actually thought “what if she feels the same?” I was already out to her but she never talked about her sexuality. We just grew closer and with the fear of losing her i couldnt confess. I was too scared, but a light ray of hope made me live more. Then, the talk. She told me she questioned her sexuality before, and is sure she is straight. I was like ... but ... you are so not. She even had the bi vibe. I was destroyed, hopeless. I didnt know what to do. I was just so so lost. I still am, I still am not over her to this day. As time passed by the touchiness faded away, and she became harder to talk to. She still is one of my best friends and my crush. But things will never be the same. I miss the times it was so easy. Im scared of the fact that i couldnt hide my feelings well enough, that she somehow found out. That would kill me. Her distancing herself would kill me. I will never be over her, even if the crush fades away. The pain she caused by leading me on, even though she knew i was bi, is just too much. I wish I could tell these to her. How much I love her, how amazing she is, how i wanna hug her and be there for her when the world gets real cruel. How i care about her more than anything, even myself. I wish I could, but i cant. I cant lose her. And im just a hopeless bi at this point. I hope this pain goes away soon, im still recovering from my last big crush which left way more scars than this one. But thats a story for another day:) Im sorry if u read all of this, I just wanted to pour my heart out to you lovely strangers. I love you all. Thank you for this community. I dont feel alone thanks to all of you.