Hello! This is my first post on this forum. For a bit of background, I met my boyfriend at 14 and we started dating shortly afterwords. I am now 20. At the ages from 15-19, I was that girl that said “I would have sex with a woman, but I would not marry her.” At 19/20, I began reflecting on my life. I remember pop culture icons I would crave attention from, and I remember my first 5 kisses at ages 6-10 were from girls who I thought of daily 10+ years later. I pushed this to the back of my mind until my boyfriend of 5 years began asking questions and encouraged me to delve deeper. I came to the realization that I was in fact, bisexual. I still continued to suppress this, until the day dreams, and nighttime dream came. I dreamed of myself holding my “dream girlfriend’s” hand up in front of my family, screaming that we found a sperm donor. I remember waking up in happy tears. My boyfriend encouraged me to continue thinking of a future with women to appease my sexuality. I realized I was so terrified to come out because many women in today’s society think it’s the “cool thing” to be bisexual. I found my type: large, beautiful, confident, women, and delved further from there. Today, I came out to my mom and stepdad. The love they gave me regardless of me being in love with a man, was immense. They recognized the anxiety I was holding onto before coming out. They recognized that I truly feel equally for women and men. And most of all, they recognized my true self. I cried for hours after getting off the phone from them. I don’t think I ever truly believed in my own sexuality 100% until I could admit it to them. I answered their difficult questions and came out on top and proud of myself. This post is a plead to women in typical heterosexual relationship to identify their own sexuality. Who your soulmate is does not have to align with your sexuality, and I hope you all find someone who will push to you identify yourself, and love you with all their being regardless of your identification. Thank you for reading.