Came out to my friends few days prior (knew about me being bi for a couple of months for sure...) And I saw one very motivational video from Dutchy. So I came out to my friends and they are really supportive and I love them! Different story with my mom though. I deal with other stuff, mainly related to mental health (depression and one very destructive coping mechanism. Yep, that one.) My mom knows and is super supportive of that! So I felt like I could come out no problemo and she would be at least okay with it, if not hugging in tears saying she loves me. You guessed the point by now. Nope, that didn't happen. Not even close. She thought that was a joke, I told her I'm for real. She asked me if I'm sexually attracted to boys (I'm boy) and I said yes. She then asked me if I have a crush on a boy. She was pretty aggressive and mad at this point so I backed down and said nope, never had (lie). She compared my sexual attraction with a couple of monkeys ducking together. It's all my hormones, I have another shit in my head (regarding to my mental health), I can't be bi unless I have sex with a man, I can't even imagine how it's like to go down on a guy yady yady yada... I ran to my room, she stormed behind me. I told her to please get out of my room, continued until I shouted at her to get the hell out. She did. She once checked on me, I told her to close the door behind her. Almost did something I would regret (sh)... Luckily didn't. Now I'm here feeling just... Numb. She came to me and reassured me that she will come around. But I can't brush off that she called me greedy or indecisive. Or telling me that I can't be bi cause I didn't sleep with same sex. Pulled out of "what bisexuals don't want to hear" video. I secretly before coming out ordered a pride flag and a bracelet with pride on it. I am not gonna cancel the orders, it's with my money and I don't care what my parents or anyone else thinks. I gave my life to depression, that coping mechanism and fear of being shamed for being WHO I AM. I'm done. Takin my life back, bit by bit. Thanks for reading people, love y'all <3 (also my first post in r/bi, since my friend knows my Reddit XD)