I’m new to reddit and not sure if I’m doing this right. I understand that I may be judged but I really just would like to get this off my chest. This will probably be very long. To start, from what I’ve read, I guess I’m not considered bi but instead more considered heteroromantic? I’m honestly not sure. I hope it’s ok that I post under this subreddit. I just know that I’ve always had a sexual attraction towards women since I can remember while mainly liking and being attracted to men. Meeting women who I find attractive has always made me nervous and timid unless I drink. But at the same time I’ve always been timid with meeting new people. When I watch porn, I only watch it for the women who are in it. I didn’t think much of it because I always read that the porn you watch isn’t always a reflection of what you want in real life. It wasn’t until years ago when I was at a college party and saw two of my girl friends make out that I thought to myself “I really want to kiss these women, too” it was a tingling sensation that rushed through my body and I half blamed it on being drunk. Fast forward a few years, still never been with a woman or even really thought of it. I meet a man who I really, really like. We get to Halloween which he wants to spend with all his brothers and their SOs at their hotel they got. As soon as we walk in and say hi to everyone one of the brother’s SO, we’ll call her Bell, says hi to me & chats to get to know me. Bell and I chat and drink until we go out. When we go out we do the whole hold hand and stick together on the dance floor while the boys hang. Not letting anyone else dance with us. It gets blurry at this point and next thing I know I’m big spooning Bell in the hotel room while my boyfriend is trying to wake me up, telling me that we’re ubering back to his place. Apparently Bell and I left back to the hotel to pass out. Ever since then, whenever we all would go out to drink together- Bell and I would, drink, stick close to each other throughout the night, and end up “drunk cuddling”. I realized I used to look forward to it. It wasn’t until we were at a bachelorette party and sharing a bed that I secretly hoped it would turn into more than a cuddle. But, we actually never cuddled during that whole trip. Fast forward to the bachelorette’s wedding. We both are bridesmaids and are both nervous. What do we both do because we’re nervous? Drink. Cut to the reception and both Bell and I are wasted.  Everyone was drunk and no one noticed we even left. It gets splotchy at this point. I remember doing our standard drunk cuddle and then next thing I know, touching/feeling is happening and then kissing. Someone walks in and we stop. The next day I wake up and felt like it was all a dream. But I knew it happened. Hungover, I ask Bell in private if she remembers what happened. She nods yes and says “I’m so sorry” while shaking her head. I told her don’t be sorry and wanted to talk about it more but she left it at that. We talked about telling our SOs and we did on our own. My bf said he understands if I’m curious but trying with women who are close to us may not be a good idea. I text Bell saying if she wanted to talk about what happened, we could. She responded with “we were just being drunk girls :)” and that sucked. I think because it was my first time and it really threw me off because I’ve never done that before. Also felt like I was being brushed off but I let it go. Fast forward a year and a half later- we’ve hung out and continued “drunk cuddle” with out it going past that. Until recently. This time when we “drunk cuddled” it turned into more than just kissing and feeling. We stopped before finishing because we were both feeling that we were going too far. She asked if I had ever been with a women before her and I said no. I asked her the same and she said yes, it was before her bf, and that women just know how to pleasure each other better and she thinks her and I just get attracted to each other when we drink. Then just kind of brushed me off and I left her alone. I just wish we could have talked more about it cause it was my first time being that intimate with a woman... idk