Across many plans and extinctions, a man stood between the entry. Between the ending and the beginning of realities. He pondered his position in relative to the time and space he knew. He thought about his discovery. His discovery of the planes of reality, the empty skies of dread and regret, ended by curiosity, ended by the depths of greed, and by the love brought on from compassion. An end fitting for broken and shattered realities. Reality is like a mirror, he discovered, when light and darkness approach, it reflects, it reflects sadness, madness, dread, hope, love, and peace together. But when the mirror brakes, so does its reflection. Into pieces, it extends from the center of the crack, like a spider's web, in the grasp of an energy we do not understand, an energy we cannot fathom. Reality isn't just multiple plans placed on top of each other, it's small plans, separated from the epicenter of something we do not know. And we expand, further away from our understanding of the energy that made us. In his discovery, he found nothing. The entry and everything behind it was empty. Nothing. He found nothing but remains. He realized that no matter who or what caused the end, nothing could stop it.  Cracks in the mirror, that expand, from each piece of the mirror, comes separation. He found that his world would face a similar end. In this he found emptiness. No emotion, no sadness. Just, nothing. Nothing mattered, and when he realized. He stayed silent. His life had all but ended, the last thing to do was to watch. But he didn't want to watch. He wanted to die, he wanted to find out the last thing he didn't know, what happened after death. He ejected from his ship. Leavening behind his ship for the next living to find it, and maybe thay can expect the end, and find true peace. The epicenter will stay a secret. Because for us, it hasn't happened. In due time, our reflection will break. The mirror is broken, but our reflection isn't. Our reflection will break. And an end fitting for the broken will start. Then we will find the epicenter to the shatter, only then, will they find a ship in the center. Only then will reality set in. Only then, will the end began.