Wish/hope they pop out a companion app like digital extremes did for warframe. track regionals and world bosses, get a notification when the ones you need to finish your prestige quests pop. Maybe an extra feature for when the regionals for your faction(artisan/ravens/sentinels) pops too. Might be a bit much to ask, but if it had a map feature that you could add/edit custom icons for. I know they have editable markers for the in game app but A) there's a limit to how many you can have. B) notes for it is clunky af, especially considering/adding that you're inputting it on a console. And C)there's no hardcoded/indicated map coordinates for lat/long. Syncing it with your game would probably be a no, i understand, but having a concentrated and updating/editable resource from the developer would be gamechanging. Ignore the pun. If they wanted to justify it, they could even have a free/lite version that only shows trackers for the regionals/bosses, and a "pro"/paid version that incorporates the editable map, and maybe a guild/friend chat system. An extra tier/tab could include detailed loot tables for bosses and dungeons that shows drop/roll rates for the items. Possible later additions/tiers to the app would be an interface to manage your estate. Limit the features on that to assigning work and collecting resources from finished labor, and you encourage logging in to purchase matts from the estate vendor, roll for new workers, and take your stuff to a crafting bench or the market place. Mm. There's still a limit on storage at your estate. You still have to grind the mobs for captures. You still have to log in for star seed allowance and mailed bonus content. It would just make running your estate and generating items for the star seed economy a little less labor intensive/more of a background task. Notifications for regionals are nice, but you still have to run dungeons for memory fragments to advance, and grind for artifact shards/levels. Content would still be gated by gear score and level, but you wouldn't have to stay online all day every day hoping to catch the right regional or managing your workers. The community model still only works when we all have the time and accessibility to be on. On that np2p functions should be expanded as well. A mailing system that only works between the market and the user? Why have a mailbox at all, just include that in peoples premium tab. Maybe an actual mail system that has a cash on deliver function. No more fear of putting your crap up for your bud on the marketplace just for him to miss it. Or add a guild bank/market where if I deposit it I can set a star seed price for someone to withdraw it, but its untaxed by the system, or less so, have incentives for forming those communities. I feel like a guild system is great, but the idea behind it should be running/pioneering content together and helping obtain/being able to share items, not a responsibility for tracking basic game functions. Idk. Where the game is rn, the line between those is kinda blurred.