This feels kind of embarrassing to admit. I struggle with needing and depending on others for happiness. I have BPD, its mild and not as bad as it can get, but still my relationships fluctuate to the point where I completely withdrew to stop hurting others and hurting myself in the process as well. I also get very nervous and anxious in social situations so I have a hard time going out. Nothing seems to be enough to inspire passion or commitment anymore, or life in general. Because I know that even if I do it all the way, I'm still going to have to be around others in the future for a job or social interactions and I'm lonely but the fear of anxiety is worse so I keep to myself and suffer in silence. And I feel like ive completely given up now but I haven't entirely because I know I have a shot and It's gotten to the point where I sometimes wish and force myself to just give up so I can take the easy way out and just end it but I dont want to. It's like my spirit refuses to let me. It would be inspiring to me under other circumstances except I've tried everything I can to heal myself and it's so taxing I just need it to stop. So I've resorted to apathy and doing nothing, just spending the days away useless on the couch as if something will come along and save me. And it doesn't. It's been 3 years or 2 of this and nothing's changed. I've tried and it's given me sort of trauma that I have trouble standing up to anymore. And I just think. there's got to be a better, smarter way to overcome this. I just don't know how. And help doesn't seem like an option. I'm interested in seeing a psychologist now but it's hard. Everyone kinda just thinks I'm a loser at this point because I'm 23, no job, no school, uni drop out and to them, no real issues to struggle against. I'm just weak in their eyes. And I know life can be so much better, all I've ever envisioned and it's like its just out of my reach and it's so frustrating. Just needed to vent and get it off my chest so someone could hear me. Lame, I'm sorry. I never realized how much we need social interaction and if I can't even do that right idk what hope there is for me. Once my mom's gone, the rest of my family doesn't really like me much so I keep dreading the future and I'm scared I won't be able to cope any longer. Because my spirit's strong but I do what I got to do in the end and I'm not afraid to make a choice that'll save me loads of misery. I feel like if there was guaranteed hope I would suffer whatever I needed to. There just doesn't seem to be any light at the end that I can make out. If I even had a way I could be financially secure with the social anxiety, it would give me some hope. I could survive alone, at least. Miserable but survive without depending on others. I just don't know what my life will amount to and I'm terrified I'm clinging to nothing worthwhile.