I feel like I've lost any care of being abandoned. Don't want to go into extreme detail but after moving schools (which was extremely traumatic for me) when I was 14/15 I was really badly bullied and finally found a group of friends. I would text said friends each day after school and literally stare at my phone praying for a response, often times coming to the conclusion that the person hated me if they didn't reply instantly. However, as I began to get older and more depressed I started to feel less attached to people and distanced myself. That was until I went to University, I was 18 and on my first day met a guy on my course. We instantly became mates, turned out we had lot's of similar interests. Now all of a sudden I was attached to this person. We shared a flat for 2 years and I honestly thought he was my best friend. We just had such a good laugh. June last year our tenancy at the flat came to an end and within a week of moving out I hadn't heard from him. Turned out he didn't view our friendship as strongly as I did. I was fucking heartbroken and so angry, having been betrayed by friends at school I couldn't believe it had happened to me again. In the last 3 weeks I have now stopped talking to my current friend group, none of them have reached out to me to ask how I am even though they are aware how much I struggle. A part of me feels like I should just keep in contact with them even if I am annoyed at them just so I'm not without any friends. However, another part of me keeps wanting to push them further and further away till I'm completely alone. I'm really not sure what to do at the moment, been extremely sad the last two days and managed to avoid alcohol, which my parents say is a good thing, but I just want to be numb for a while. As so many of you know, it really fucking hurts to be this sad. Sorry if this was long or messy but I just wanted to vent as this was on my mind and I feel quite out of place at the moment. If anyone has taken the time to read all this, thank you for having the patience and I hope you are safe and well. Much love, Angus