I am pleased to inform you that I am recruiting participants for a new study on Reddit and sexuality. The goal of this work is to better understand the ways that people express their sexuality through sharing self-shot images on Reddit/the Internet, the different considerations at play when sharing nudity online, and the perceived effects of sharing one’s nude body online.
If you think you might be interested in participating, please read the rest of this e-mail and visit the link at the end. The link will ask you a few screener questions, as well as for your contact information so that we can set up a time to chat. Those who complete the study – including a Skype interview and a short questionnaire – will receive a $50 Amazon gift card as compensation. If you choose to participate in this study, it is important that you are willing to be open and honest about issues related to your sexuality and your sexual activity online, including providing details about the types of nude/sexual content you post.
As stated, this study will be centered around a Skype interview. The audio (but not video) will be recorded solely for transcription purposes and deleted once I transcribe the interview and write up my analysis. At no point will any of your responses be linked to your personal data, such as an e-mail or Skype ID. You will be referred to in all of my transcripts and notes using either a number or a pseudonym. Effectively, only I will know identifying aspects of your identity, such as your face (from our interview) and your name, if this information is visible in your e-mail/Skype. I will keep all of this personal information confidential, aside from sharing your e-mail with my departmental administrator so that she can send you an e-gift card.
Once you complete the screener, and if you qualify, I will contact you to schedule a time to chat on Skype. Once we confirm a time, I will send you a pre-interview questionnaire, which will take approximately 10-15 minutes and will include demographic questions, questions about how you use Reddit/the internet to express your sexuality, and consent forms for the interview/questionnaire. The interview itself should take about 45-60 minutes. I will ask you about sharing nudity on Reddit and online, your motivations for sharing such images/videos, what you perceive to be the benefits and drawbacks of sharing nudity online, and how you feel it affects you and your life. To see if you qualify for the study and sign up, please visit the following link: https://umassboston.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_cSDFgen40at8IbX
Thank you very much for your time and consideration.
Best,
Dr. Brandon Miller (He/Him/His) Department of Communication University of Massachusetts Boston Brandon.miller@umb.edu