I'll start with the obsession. being so in love that I think I have a strong bond with him as if he is perfect. this intense feeling.. you would just do anything to be with this person. This is what I feel. and it comes from nowhere. from 0 to 100% I start to feel like this. I get so obsessed that I constantly watch my phone to see if he has texted back. When he doesn't.. I'll start getting anxious so anxious that I tell my self: did I say something wrong? I think he doesn't like me anymore.. and the more time goes by the more I get scared to be left alone, scared that he prefers giving his attention to another girl. And everytime my feelings and my entire mood changes. Only because of him.. Sometimes I'll get really sad and cry because I feel worthless as if no one really loves me. I'll get depressed. other times I get really mad and "hyper" in that case I'm either distracting my self by flirting with other guys getting their attention and validation.. going so far that I send them nudes and say sexual stuff. To get compliments.. guys in that position are the most "loving" and attention giving boys.. I feel so special when I get this compliments. I feel appreciated. I also know that it will hurt him because he's jealous and doesnt like it. So I'll text other guys on purpose. I'll also get so mad at him that I start telling him the meanest things that will surely hurt him because I know exactly what hurts him the most .I do that all the time when I'm really mad. I purposely offend them and react impulsively and sometimes aggressive. I have literally made so many family members cry. And directly after that I feel like shit. As if I'm a monster.. I really am in this moment you know. I'll regret it.. so much that I feel depressed again and I know everyone hates me. I also have other impulsive behaviors like spending a lot of money without even really needing those things or just needing those things to get MORE validation. Or binge eating ( always after a fight I'll start eating the baddest shit ever to then hate myself because I did it and trying to diet and not eating, starving. Comparing my self constantly to others who are prettier and skinnier feeling worse and worse telling myself I'm too fucking imperfect to be loved. I need to get better... perfect. I'm not good enough. But then there is also the other side.. the good side. the innocent child side that is sweet and gentle and wanna love everything around. In this state I am hyper confident and happy. I'll be nice to everyone doing everything I need to do and giving my best. And.... how should I even continue this really? Do I really know? the thing is its always a state of mind in a short amount of time. As soon as I perceive someone is either rejecting me or saying, doing thinks that could mean they hate me I start feeling like shit again. Thats what happens every fucking day and it gets worse and worse. I'll start hating them for ignoring me hating every single thing about them like who the fuck do they think they are ? Everything they say annoys me and I don't even think I need them anymore I want to.. break up. To leave. No one really understands me anyway. No one really is what I want. They are not in my world they could never get this feelings. Why can't i have this soulmate? this perfect soulmate the one that is always by my side because he knows I'll cry. the one that loves me more than I love him. The one that doesnt compare me others ? The one that REALLY gets me. Maybe because I'm too complicated I mean. Do I even know what I'm talking about right know ? Is that normal ? That I either have a really dark side that scares the shit out of me or a really sweet and gentle side like an angel. Black or white. Even my music taste is different all the time.. my style... my WHOL3 FUCKING identity is fucked up. What is my real self ? what are my interests ? which type of group do I even identify with ? I feel like I relate to everything yet to anything. I wanna be someone but also no one ? I'm two opposite people in one body. And I can't decide which one I really am. I also feel like I'm ugly and pretty at the same time ? I either see myself like literally the ugliest shit on this planet or the prettiest and most special one. which one is real ? I don't know. Either hypersexual or not at all.. either just wanna fuck with everyone and live forever alone and in danger or be married with 3 kids and happy.. but what will happen after that? He will cheat with a younger woman. I don't trust anyone..always the urge of controlling everything..let's say I it..never had a lot of friends or people that liked me or that I like anyways. As a kid I was really shy. And I always got bullied. No matter how often I changed school. Even in online groups I got bullied. Even my friends sometimes do it.. I feel like they laugh behind my back and secretly hate me. I was ..abused in my household as a child and bullied. my parents weren't really there for me. I was a lonely child.. without attention or affection..the only real thing I really needed and need till now. The only things I had where materialistic. DEAD thinks that couldn't be soft like a warm hug .. or couldn't feel as good as a gentle kiss..I also got sexually abused by a lot of guys that used me because I had feelings for them. treating me like an object. From all these bad experiences I slowly started liking them. Liking ..it.. to be sexually abused and looked at as an object. Liking it being used like a tool. Like being punished and being hurt. How does that even fit with wanting to be loved ? It doesnt ! it's a fucking mess. I want someone to love me but I'm always falling for guys that are the worst. That treat me like shit as if I deserve it. At the same time I hate every guy and wanna hurt them..