I can't help but think about how mental illness begets mental illness.  I believe my mother was a life long undiagnosed and untreated depressive and I have no idea what my father's diagnosis would be, perhaps nothing more than being a crappy parent, but who knows?  What I do know is that even with my mother's unending and unconditional love the two them fucked me up completely.  I swore when I had my own family I would be a better parent, but because of my diagnosis I burned out my spouse and so indirectly I failed as a parent to my kids.  I went from being a very hands on dad to a part time parent largely against my will. My greatest fear is that either by the trauma felt by my children as the result of either being around my ex-spouse and I when we were constantly fighting or the resulting divorce or because of hereditary factors or some combination of the these things, one or more of my children will end up as bad or worse than I am, I already have one kid who's shown signs of depression and what's worse is my ex the most anti-medical, anti-therapy person I have ever met.   BPD parents have BPD kids often because of both of the environmental and genetic factors. BPD certainly substantially increases the chances of children of sufferers to end up with some diagnosis themselves.  I love my children dearly and they are one of the few things in this world capable of making me genuinely happy, if only in brief bursts.   One is already an adult, the next is about to be 18 next week, and the youngest is already 16 and a half.  I find myself second guessing my decision to even have children and I pray to the higher power that they will somehow be able to dodge this bullet and have largely happy and successful lives.   What do you, my fellow Redditors and sufferers think?  Is it selfish for us to have children?  Is it wise?  Every person I know from group therapy has had a similar story, we all had at least one parent who contributed to our having this curse of a diagnosis.  Although many of us didn't have our diagnosis before we became parents, I am sure many if not most of us had some idea something wasn't quite right.  Was I wrong to bring children into this world knowing now that I may have doomed them to a lifetime of pain and suffering?