Look so this is wild for me. This has been my first long term relationship where it’s been healthy for the most part. So about two months ago me and my partner had a huge fight about him moving away for a job. He didn’t really talk much to me about till he told me he had a job interview and I was like okay whatever he’s not gonna get it because it’s a state job which is hard to get when you have no work experience. Anyways he ends up getting it and he tells me he has to take the job because his parents told him he had to. I felt betrayed and a after thought in this. He’s sleeping with me and trying to have a life with me why in the hell is he more into what his parents say and think than me? It got bad. The fight was very bad. I broke up with him because I didn’t see how this could be fixed. Ended up getting back together trying to work it out. I believe it deserves to try to be worked on. I strongly believe I’ve been splitting since. At first he got on my nerves and I didn’t want him to touch me. Those feelings went away but then I can’t tell if I think he’s good looking, saw his physical flaws and if I really want to be in the relationship or not. I can’t tell if I do. I don’t feel like I fear being alone but what if it’s a subconscious thing? I like when he holds me and kisses me but it doesn’t feel the same. I will say things have been getting better in general. I did start taking buspar recently but I’m telling you I had to quit. It made my kind of bad split to a full on never coming back thing. I just quit taking it yesterday. I feel somewhat better but damn the paranoia I live with and the anxiety is fucking awful. I just wanted to relief of the bad thoughts about my partner. I also want to say my partner knows of everything I’ve said in this post. Yes even the stuff that hurts him. It’s sucks. I just can’t tell if it’s actually over or if it’s not. I care about him a lot. Deeply. I love him a lot as a person. I think I still do romantically. I fear if I leave him I’ll regret it and wonder about him the rest of my life. I get sad thinking I wouldn’t see him ever again and that I couldn’t hug and kiss him. I get upset when I think him being with somebody else. Not being with me. I really feel this a lot. It makes me think something is still there. I do have a hard time thinking me marrying him. That’s a mess currently. I guess what I’m asking is have you experienced anything like this? If so what did you do? How did it play out? How do you know it’s over as a person with BPD? How do you know that person is ‘the one’ for you? How can you fight the splitting? Do you think what I am experiencing is splitting? I know the meds are part of why I feel so not wanting to be in the relationship but damn I just wonder...do I?