Why do I have feelings if all they do is ruin everything? Why is it people claim they want to know what you're thinking and what you have to say and then just continue to ignore you when you try to explain yourself? Why is it I feel like I am so severely different from everyone else around me that no one will ever possibly understand how I'm feeling or thinking. Someone who is the love of my life claims that they love me back but when I open up to them they seem to be more interested in social media. I'm tired of feeling neglected and ignored and kicked in the teeth. By everyone that claims to care about me and have my back. I've never felt more alone in my life. I've been on the road to recovery because of my borderline personality disorder for about a year now. It almost ruined everything that I loved. And here I am trying to do better and it just seems like the very people that were griping at me to do better or the people that need to do better for themselves. Those very same people I realized refuse to work on themselves but expect me to flip myself inside out for them. Doesn't that seem a bit hypocritical? I don't know I just feel really alone and misunderstood right now and I don't know what to do. Every time I feel like I've made progress something ruins it and I feel like I've ended up further behind than I ever have been before. You don't get to just sit there and blame your mental issues on every bed decision you make you don't get to sit there and say well this is just me either deal with it or go away. You don't get away with disrespecting people and invalidating their feelings and not be held accountable or responsible. That's what I was told about my own issues and now the very same person who said that to me is doing the same thing and throwing it back in my face and gaslighting me. That's just being cruel and heartless and selfish. This new age hippie crap obviously is not for me. Pulling the "don't care what anybody thinks about me" while still hurting everyone else around you doesn't seem like the kind of world I want to be a part of. I'm at a loss and I feel nothing but pain right now I know my period makes my mental issues so much worse but damn. Feelings suck.