Reading this sub has been an eye-opener to me; it literally described everything I feel in some way, shape, or form. I'm really intensely suicidal and self-hating and it sucks, because I thought I was making progress. Anyway, I'm falling back into old habits and I just don't think any of it ever gets better. I don't think I'll ever be content or happy with who I am because that's not how I'm wired, and thinking about that for too long gets me spiraling. In fact, being sober and simply existing makes me unreasonably angry and self-loathing. I'm not sure if this is because I'm a huge pothead or because I have bad mental issues, but it's how I feel. I become enraged when I see myself in the mirror for no real reason, I just think I look like a fucking freak.  All my head ever has for me are bad thoughts; I deal with a lot of chronic, moderate-level pain that makes me a useless dopamine junkie and that's really all I'll ever be. I try to make consistent improvements but I continue to feel like a failure because I'm irrationally perfectionistic and I hate something if I'm not good at it. I used to have a fragile ego, now I don't have one anymore because I replaced it with the self-hating thing somehow. I don't ever give myself a chance to really improve before everything becomes too overwhelming and I lose control of the situation and spiral out or smoke weed and try to distract myself with something (I can only choose between the two, there isn't another option for me to go do something normal because the bad feelings won't go away even while I'm doing work or something productive). I fried my brain with Adderall and I'm not really the same anymore, I still get cravings for last year's tweaking episodes. But, I thought the Adderall gave me pretty instantaneous happiness, productivity, and confidence even though it actually gave me incredibly bad paranoia, anger issues, and a stark reduction in my intelligence. Anyway, I wish I was dead and I wish I had the balls to do it. I wish I wasn't automatically so negative and cynical all the time without even realizing it, and I wish I wasn't me. I've been through the system, SSRIs (I tried Zoloft and then Lexapro, I took them for a year with no improvement) make me more angry and prone to suicidal urges because they take my fists and put them through the walls while numbing me out and making me want to die just for the sake of dying, and I don't even know where to begin because I can't cope no matter what I do.