I know it's fairly common in people with BPD (I was diagnosed back in 2016, even though I don't really believe it, I think I'm just sad sometimes, but I can't trust myself, so I have to trust doctors), but it's really stressing me out. I stopped medications out of the blue like four months ago as they gave me brain fog and I couldn't create anything (I've written all my life and for a year it was an herculean task to write two sentences together) and they made my hair fell out - and then writing was easier, all my ideas came back, but so did the mood swings. They're pretty strong, but right now I'm in a down. I stopped seeing my psychiatrist because it was too hard for me to trust him and I didn't feel like talking to him. I don't know what to do; in a year I changed a lot of meds, so the problem isn't a particular pill. And back it went even the dear old guilt for existing; I'm 31 and I'm unemployed and my family loves me too much for their own good and I feel like they would be much happier without me. They would mourn me a bit but then their life would be much easier. I don't really want to die, it scares me, but I think about it so often it's frightening. I feel overwhelmed by the simplest task and I don't want to talk about it with my friends, and I feel jealous because I'm not the FP of my FP, and I don't want to weight on them because they have a lot of problems too, so I feel cornered. I'm stupid and without any talents and I have this gigantic hole inside me I don't know how to fill. I'd like to give so much to the world, I'd like to be able to ease people's pain, but everything is too big and too loud and I feel like a stupid child. I constantly think I'd be better off dead, and I'm scared that one day I will muster up the courage. I don't really want to die but everything feels so miserable, I can't think of the future, I can't feel any hope, I can't think 'one day at a time', I'm scared and stupid and worthless. I don't know what I want people to say, I just needed a place to vent and maybe a word of reassurance because I'm weak and pathetic. I know everything is just temporary, but I can't see the light.