i used to be passionate with space science, so i ended up taking it as my undergraduate course, but then my interests keep on changing thoughout the years, from music production to cooking to piano to traditional and digital arts to gaming to vlogging to film production to cleaning to history to politics to math to programming to philosophy to mysteries and conspiracies etc. My interest and values (like how i view life, what is right/wrong) KEEP ON CHANGING really fast to the point that i just don't want to do or think about anything anymore. i am not interested with anything anymore even the simple things (and complex things) don't make me feel anything anymore. I've tried volunteering, meditation, spending time with family, going to the gym, eating healthy, going to the therapist, hanging out with friends, drinking, painting, decluttering, cleaning, doing house hold chores, doing work-related stuffs, reading books, watching youtube videos, DIYs, walking the dogs. Just nothing. I don't enjoy anything anymore. I usually experience this when i am on my neutral state. I have like 3 states, 1st is my extreme depressive state where I am extremely sad, anxious, hopeless and desperate to die and to basically stop existing, 2nd is my intense "high" state where everything seems to be perfect, i am full of hope and there are times the i just have tears of joy for no reason (this state doesn't last log around 5mins- few hours) then lastly is my idk state which i just feel empty and nothing i just don't want to do anything. I don't know what to do anymore my mood and interests shifts so quickly it physically hurts my brain and i get headaches. i hate this so much i just want to shoot my brain and replace it with a new one. I am having a hard time maintaining my job and earn money because of this and also I can't keep a relationship, its been worse for the past few years because of the extreme mood and perspective change that before i even start a relationship with someone i tend to push them away (ex. I extremely like them for a few days then after that I don't give a damn about them to the point that i want to see them get hurt so i cheat and then they will leave me and i will be desperate to get them back and they won't). I am so disappointed with everything, even with my relationship with my family, I would have love/hate relationship with them especially my mom, there are times that i don't want to talk to her and then suddenly be extremely clingy to her. My mind is sometimes like a freaking 8 year old child. I can't take it anymore the contrast is making me crazy I just want to die. Used to talk to a therapist and she told me i have signs of "dissociative identity disorder" but idk i never believed it just because i had names for my "states" but i am very unlike the man from the movie "Split". i don't go to that therapist anymore because she said she "had to refer me to a different counselor". I am undiagnosed and probably will remain so because we do not have proper healthcare and insurance in our country (3rd world), so that means seeking professional help is very EXPENSIVE. To get free health care you have to prove that you are extremely poor, i am from the middle class so we cannot be considered for free health care yet the paid ones are extremely expensive. but i read online about DBT and i want to try it out. but i would just like to ask if is anyone feeling this too? like the third "idk state" where you just feel nothing and you don't want to do anything. Also, how do you cope with the extreme inconsistency of your life? with the varying mood and interest i just don't know who i am anymore and i don't think i can take it any much longer. thanks and sorry for the long post and bad sentence construction i just didn't mind about the grammar :( have a nice day!