First off this is my first ever post On Reddit so sorry for any mistakes or if I got the flair wrong. Second I know I’m not supposed to ask for a diagnosis for this so I’m not. I do however believe I have BPD. I’m not trying to self diagnose or anything I just feel like I do. I have had mental problems for a while now and I started doing research about various mental and personality disorders because honestly psychology interests me a lot. I thought it was bipolar disorder at first but the mood swings didn’t last for as long as they do for someone with bipolar disorder. Although I’m pretty sure I think I’ve experienced mania before so maybe I have both? Anyway recently I discovered BPD (completely by chance too. The opening of a song mentions it). And after reading it I think I might have it? I experience emptiness a lot especially when I’m alone. I fear abandonment a lot and can be really clingy because of it and don’t like when people leave. Like I said before I get bad mood swings but it’s like all it takes is the right person to smile at me the right way and I’m happy but if she talks to me without being that interested I’ll get sad very fast. You probably guessed from how I phrased that last part that I also have a favorite person. I depend on her for a lot of my happiness and am sad when she doesn’t have time for me. I have an unstable relationship with my FP and with most of my friends and I feel like I’m a waste of their time and am slowly pushing them away. I don’t really know what type of person I am or what I want to do with my life and because of it I sometimes experiment with different personalities and will act different for no reason. While I haven’t thought of self harm I have contemplated suicide (the suicide bot is probably gonna reply to this now) my FP actually convinced me not to the first time which is why they’re my favorite person. The hardest part about this is I haven’t really told my parents about this and when I do they tell me to not be so emotional and to grow up and it’s not a big deal. I know I can’t ask you guys to diagnose me.  But could you help me find a way to tell my parents that I would like to see someone who can diagnose me because I don’t know how to tell them that I need help. I’m once again sorry for the mistakes I’ve probably made on this and I’m sorry for wasting your time because you probably have better things to do.