It’s not about my BPD, it’s about my ADHD, but I feel my post belongs here because my partner totally invalidated my feelings. I’ve been working from home and I have 3 small children. My husband is laid off so he’s dealing with the kids, but they are noisy and my 3 year old constantly interrupts me. Stuff that normally took me a half an hour at work to do now takes half the day. I’m also uncomfortable using a laptop and get head and neck pain from it-I miss my office. I have been in tears with the frustration of not being able to focus. And with that, all my childhood, teen, and postsecondary school memories of the frustration of not being able to f—ing focus or do stuff right have come back. I grew up with good parents, but had learning disabilities as ADHD and I think my BPD stems from that, plus being bullied. I had worked hard on something for a client then it somehow didn’t save. I was mad. My husband heard me clank some stuff around in the kitchen then asked me what I was so mad about (I didn’t throw stuff or anything). I explained it and he didn’t care whatsoever and basically got mad at me. Okay I am not supposed to get angry? Later that night he was a passive aggressive asshole and said something about how the kids didn’t even bother me the whole day so why am I constantly complaining and posting things on Facebook about working from home (I posted two funny memes about working from home with kids). The kids bothered me multiple times, the noise bothered me. Noise bothers me A LOT..to the point I think I have a sensory processing disorder, not just ADHD. With what he said it felt like all these years together he never listened to me...or he did and he doesn’t care? I think a lot of people think ADHDis just being hyper-it’s not. I’ve told him how I feel I could have been so much more if it wasn’t for ADHD. I’m smart and I love learning and used to have ambition but school was hard, and I get overwhelmed so easily, ADHD completely blocked me from what I feel my potential was. It is something that really bothers me. And he doesn’t care or see it. Maybe if our kids inherit it he’ll understand, but for me he doesn’t, or doesn’t care to. There are so many other times in our relationship too. I really should have ended our relationship a long time ago, but gee, I didn’t want to be alone again. (I was single a long time and was too shy to meet someone). I love him, but I don’t feel like he loves me back. He never shows me he does-and I don’t need much...I’m not one of those people...I just would like hugs every now and then or him to tell me I look nice or to just say something positive about me instead of bitching because I didn’t put the fucking laundry away. I hate this damn virus. I hate being home all the time and apparently I hate being around my husband this much...which really sucks..