My boyfriend and I live together. He's amazing and super patient and understanding, but like any other non BPD person, he has limits to what he can take. Recently I've been more prone to "exploding". We all know how our anger can be, its like a small spark sets it off and suddenly every bit of our being is on fire with this out of control anger that we can't control no matter how much sense we try to talk into our selves. The other week it was an issue with my bank that overwhelmed me and I snapped at him over something unrelated, and I apologized. Then it was the issue over what kind of house we want to buy and that his wants seem to be more important than mine at times. Which is what I told him, but in the wrong way. I was loud and angry and it later left me feeling ashamed and regretful. So I apologized. Then today there was this asshole driver who passed me on the left in a no passing zone (it also was a school zone), and nearly hit me from cutting me off. I was going about 8 over and it made me so angry i caught up to him and took his license plate, make model of car, and any other info I could get. It just made me so mad, but we got home and I was trying to get dinner finished and he put away groceries. He then went to find something on TV for us to watch once dinner was done, and asked if I needed help. I said no. I was still calming down from the driving incident and thought I was doing good. I told myself there was no reason to stay mad, we were having a good day and I need to let go of this anger. I was doing the counting to 10 and doing things to get myself distracted from the incident. But I went into the fridge and saw he had just thrown the raw meat on the wrong shelf (he knows where it goes) and had knocked over my coffee creamer and I snapped again. I told him it was in the wrong place and he had knocked over my creamer and that its fine ill reorganize it like I do every other time. I didn't have a calm manner to myself and he became angry and hurt from it. We don't argue and yell, we usually just get really quiet and ignore each other until we're both in better states of mind from my outbursts. I just feel like a lost cause. I don't want him to be stuck with me always on the verge of blowing a gasket over something small. I ordered some CBT cards that have like tips and methods on them. I'm hoping it helps, DBT didn't do much (if anything) to help because it requires me to do something about my anger after its in full blown chaos. I'm hoping CBT helps me calm down and refocus before I explode. Thanks if you've read this far! I really needed to vent I think.