Recently I reconnected with an old friend I used to talk to back in middle school. Back then we confessed that we loved each other and would talk/video chat every night for hours. Me as a student I would never do homework but she was great at school and would push me to do better. My classes were relatively easy and we wouldn’t actually have much homework to do and the class size was smaller than usual.(14 kids on average) We video called for the first time in years from no contact, recently and I was unsure if she recognized me. She has a boyfriend and has a career put together. Overall they’re doing well. I’m proud to see her in such a position and couldn’t have wished for anything better. Just then when we spoke she never mentioned it. I carried on with our conversation and it was going well. Giving subtle hints about who I was. Both being from the same town I told her where I was from and I saw a look in her eyes that made my heart sink. They just gave me the feeling of anxiety in a good way. I began moving around more trying to see how she would react to certain things she said something that made me fall in love all over again. Putting light to the situation  and I could just tell she had that same interest in me. She would laugh, play with her hair and so on. The phone call ends, I begin speaking as if her current relationship is past tense meaning it’s already over. I caught myself doing that and I knew it wasn’t right to others but to me it felt natural. Currently I’m laying in bed at 8pm thinking about our future together. I had vivid ideas of her bringing my children to this world and so on. Relationships can be similar to puzzles and when certain pieces can’t fit together you rearrange them to get a clear image. What I want and what is are two different things. I have the feeling she may be in the same conflicting position as I am. Going forward I want to bring her out somewhere. They’ve both been dating for at least a year and I want them to break up. Any advice?