People on this sub only seem to care about "positivity". I guess I'm not allowed to feel bad. Whenever someone has issues with their partner, they always get advice. If someone is "positive" there is always someone saying they feel good for them. Another thing, I get extremely triggered by anything "relationship" related, still there is nothing I can do and you don't seem criticize people for it (most of the time). Then why do I get criticized for being "negative"? That's so stupid! I can only feel "positive" even if it's fake or else noone cares here.. I had to wrote "effing" in the title just so I didn't break the "etiquette" rule. I hate this so much! Where is the empathy? I have BPD and I can deal very well with "negative" feelings in people. Why can't you either? This makes me so mad.. I don't have any control over anything. People will always laugh with you if you laugh or stay away if you cry. I don't enjoy this. This is not what I want. I don't want to hate people just for the sake of it, but I'm left with this feeling.. Is it too much to ask for a bit of love or affection? I don't know what to do.. I'm not "relatable". So, I guess there is really nothing I can do. I have no freedom like this and nothing to live for.. People always seem to want to feed me the same bs everytime. Yes, I'm already getting help. Yes I'm already on medication. No, I don't have confidence or self-esteem problems. No, I don't have any friends or anyone to talk to. I also don't like being ignored or dwnvtd for just saying what I feel. I don’t want to feel the need to lash out on another unknown people because of this. Now, will you listen to me this time? Will I finally get heard? Do I need to keep on "faking" until I suddenly kll myself for "no apparent reason" or are you going to accept me either way in my "negative" self? I'm out of words.. I'm needy and there is no solution. I'm angry, I'm sad, I'm overwhelmed. I'm alone. I don't have "partner issues", no! because I didn't even had the opportunity to.. I'm not respected. I'm not cared for. I'm just a single digit in the end. It's all I'll ever will be...