As I am now trying to adjust to permanent tardive dyskinesia with secondary blepharospasm, I discovered that I actually meet the full criteria for bpd. Psychiatrists kept me drugged on antipsychotics for most of my 20s with horrendous side effects where I multitasked thinking about my breathing, blinking, and swallowing. Somehow the later TD got confused with the obsessions, and a doctor I put A LOT of trust in (to the point I am not ready to talk about) wanted to take me immediately off medications at the psych hospital within one day. I had to speak up about saying “maybe, 2 days?”. I still got really sick with vomiting, fevers and chills and had him discharge me. I found out later how my gut was right about everything and that it was important to spend a few weeks tapering me off the medications because I am still in the category of youth where it would have reversed staying there. Long story short, it reversed, but I was in another hospital for my safety and was promised over-and-over again that one Prozac couldn’t hurt. It still hurts. My brain never had a full recovery and now I’m realizing from a community support therapist that I have this bpd. I think my sister and dad have it too. My sister quit talking to me, and my dad has been abusive my whole life, especially after moving into a home with his name on the title with my mom’s. I don’t want to think of myself as my dad. I signed myself into therapy and medicine at 16, but I was still brainwashed from my dad that therapy and rehab are made up words. I suffer deeply now that my only good day was spent in a hospital and can’t cope with this TD when I kept fighting for independence and will definitely not be able to drive now. I think my bpd started around obsessing with people I liked, and I didn’t know how to explain temporarily losing my mind and that later it meant more and more where I have lost and forgotten memories and the psychotic break for a little over 1 month at 23. At least, I earned 2 science degrees and 2 certifications by 22 even though I never wanted to be a bragging person about my past when I always want to do better with my future. It hurts too much to be mindful when my mental pains feel like physical pains now. I have been sexually assaulted a lot that no one really believes me about. I have vaginismus, so guys touched me and committed forced sodomies on me. I am new here, and I have no friends other than my illegal husband I’ve been with over 10 years. It’s not working out with him any longer because of deep depression from too much. After my first and only SA, I reluctantly called my mom for help after assaults in a hospital where I have a witness. I was trying to refuse the medications making TD worse and begged for a clinical psychologist. My mom enjoyed smiling and laughing while calling me bipolar and hitting me. I love my cat who has a similar disease I have, but she obviously can’t speak English. I tried opening up some to a friend about things, and she kept repeating how shitty my life has been without me saying the worst of it all. It would help so much to at least have my sister. I’m legally blind in a functional manner from the TD to put it simply, and only now finding out I have bpd.