My partner and I have been together for 21 years and married for almost 16. We have always had an incredible relationship, we are best friends yet over the last 3 years it feels like our relationship is dwindling and I am scared. We have gone to therapy both couples and I have gone on my own too. I have insecurity issues and it is now wearing on us. A little backstory.... we own a business together and have worked with each other for 15 years. I have an unhealthy attachment with my husband. We decided that it would be a good idea for me to venture out on my own doing something else for a career so I did. It’s been two years since doing so. I have decided I don’t like what I’m doing and would like to do something else. I’m throwing in career decision anxiety into the mix. We need dual income. During this period, my husband hired another girl. I know it is unreasonable for me to expect my husband to do all the work that both of us used to. I just still feel replaced. It’s an awful feeling. He has told me countless times all the reasons why she’s there. None of which relate to replacing me. Why do I still believe my own reasoning?? I have exhausted my husband of this topic and he is no longer entertaining it. He is telling me that this is what he needs to do and it’s not changing. He doesn’t want me there with him anymore full time, he says I can still go in and do paperwork like I always have. The business isn’t profitable enough to accommodate pay for both her and I. I just feel not welcome and I also feel like I’m in a competition with the employee. This does sound silly as I’m typing it out, but it is my feeling. We used to be able to communicate clearly with each other, but now our conversations turn into arguments because in his words, I have depleted everything he has. I love this man with all my heart and I am ruining what we have built together. He tells me I’m not the woman he married and he had changed too. We used to be co-dependently and he has grown and is no longer co-dependent, but I am struggling with it. He sent me some reading material that was about marrying a BPD. He noted that he wasn’t saying that I have it or that the article was us. He just wanted me to read it and that we would talk later. Our later conversation back fired again. I didn’t want to speak out turn so I just agreed with everything he commented on. He didn’t like that. I was able to remove myself from the conversation several times so I could have a cry and come back calm. He tells me that he doesn’t care when I cry anymore and it means nothing to him. It feels like I am holding onto him by a thread. He always tells me he loves me and that he is here for me.  I’m not perfect, but I do consider myself a good person. How can I pull myself out of this and not let my insecurities win all the time? Thanks for reading, it was kind of all over the place.