As a child I was diagnosed with ptsd but haven't been to therapy or on any medication ever. As I've gotten older I've been accused of being over emotional, over dramatic, moody, mean, judgemental etc. by my family and closest friends. I've been like this my whole childhood  just too serious and thinking and seeing too much and hating myself and everyone around me, but also thinking I'm superior, but also shit? When you're a teenager people say you're moody or whatever, and that you'll just grow out of it, but when you're an adult, and you have to work and have relationships, you can't afford to be moody and depressed and antisocial. Essentially I have all the symptoms in varying degrees of BPD and one of my latest revelations is that I fixate on an idea and either dream or involuntarily daydream a detailed, point by point scene of these awful, sometimes sick things that hurt me and things I just don't want to think about. I want to stop. I know it's irrational. But I can't calm down. It's to the point that I've realized that I almost believe the things I imagine and create to the point where I can't distinguish dream/fixation from what really happened. Even in arguments I constantly add interactions and phrases that never occured. I'm literally angry, envious, paranoid and just feel empty and scared and beyond depressed all at the same time. It's getting harder to function and do important things. I haven't been to a doctor in almost 4 years because of it. Every car I've had has broken down because I couldn't get the will and motivation to go get them fixed. I literally have missed so much work and school because I can't leave the house and dropped out of my university even though I had two years left because I couldn't do it. It's just getting worse and worse and I can't afford a psychiatrist and don't have insurance. I'm trying to see a general practitioner this week so I can get antidepressants/antianxiety/antipsychotics or something. I don't know what to even say to start and if I should even mention that I think I have BPD. I'm starting to get desperate and scared and I just need SOMETHING. I feel like I just keep getting closer and closer to completely losing my mind.