I was diagnosed with BPD at age 19 by the therapist and psychiatrist that I had been seeing since age 12. I had stopped seeing them at age 18, but went back when I was 19 after refusing to for a while. That was when they told me that a huge thing that they had been expecting/afraid would happen was that I would develop BPD from childhood trauma (father has NPD), especially since I had been showing so many signs when I was still developing. And so they officially diagnosed me then, and I honestly feel like from age 18-20 my life was a disaster because I could not get my BPD under control. After a few months of being medicated and going to therapy, I was feeling better, and had found the strength to push myself to where I am now. Over the past (almost) two years, since age 20, I’ve been working on improving myself and changing my behaviors on the daily. My boyfriend of one year has been a huge help; even though I’ve done the whole I love you/I hate you thing back and forth with him, he has been the most supportive, understanding person ever. He has found a way to calm me down, encouraged healthy behaviors, and helped me escape toxic relationships. My BPD is definitely not as bad as it used to be, but it is still there, and I always try to catch myself before falling into those behaviors. However, I’ve had both my college psychiatrist and therapist tell me that they don’t think I have BPD. My psych has known me for a year and a half (but I only see her once a month), meeting me when I began to improve myself, and has said that she thinks I’m just depressed, which is extremely invalidating, and makes little sense since she is still prescribing me the mood stabilizer that I am currently on. My therapist, on the other hand, has only known me for about 8 months, and just thinks I have anxiety and PTSD (I only see him once ever two weeks). Each of them have a different perspective on who I am and what my needs are but honestly, the fact that they tell me that they don’t think I have BPD has me questioning who I am and what is really wrong with me. I feel like the past few years have been a lie and like I have been faking this the entire time. It’s to the point that I look up quizzes and symptoms and even though I check off most of them from the list, I still feel like they’re right and they think I’m a liar that made this all up. I honestly don’t know what to think anymore and who to listen to. My boyfriend doesn’t agree with them but I feel like maybe I’ve manipulated him into thinking I have BPD. I don’t know what to do. I’m sorry that this is so long.