Hey, I just want to give a bit of backstory as to what's going on, and I wanted to ask some of you who have had similar experiences what helps you calm down. In late elemantary school I moved pretty far and I was devastated. My parents had just gotten divorce and I was so resentful for many years. I was diagnosed with BPD around that time, and through middle school I was just completely alone, no friends, a distant split family, etc. In high school I met some friends and did a LOT of experimenting with psychedelics, and I mean a LOT. I have no idea if that has anything to do with it, but experimenting with powerful drugs with unknown effects on mental health as a borderline teenager was certainly not my best move. Point is, as of late I've been an ass to my girlfriend. Not always, but I get really upset over things that shouldn't make me upset (i.e.: spending time with family over me, hell even playful teasing has upset me for some reason). It more frequently happens when we're away from each other and texting, but it's happened when we're hanging out too. I'd like to share my experience when I'm "upset": essentially, the entire time I'm upset I am completely aware that I have no right to be upset over whatever it is that got me going, and I feel really bad for acting the way I do. Despite knowing this, I can't help but be really quiet, unnattentive, rude, passive-aggressive, etc. It feels like I'm not in control. She's been extremely understanding and caring through this whole experience but I'm starting to realize that she feels like she's walking on eggshells whenever she talks to me, and she's constantly afraid that she's gonna make me upset. It has gotten a lot better recently, I used to be upset over something new nonstop but now a majority of the time I can catch myself and stop myself from getting upset. But it still happens and I still hate myself for treating her like this. I act like a child, it's not okay. Have any of you had similar experiences and what has helped you stop yourself from getting upset? Thank you so much, any advice is appreciated because it's really taking its toll on both of us. (I'm not quite sure how the flair works, apologies if I chose the wrong one)