im incredibly sensitive and am embarrassed about it. if something triggers me i can do a pretty good job of hiding it if i am in public or with people but inside is a whirlwind of intense emotions that will make me cry later when i am alone. especially problems with the world and there are so..many problems. when people just are not considerate to each other i literally feel heartbroken even if its between random strangers. hearing a story or watching a video of someone being mean or abusive in any way (like even a mean prank)i often avoid reading the news, especially on politics and social justice bc i cant stand that innocent people are suffering due to the blatant ignorance and inconsideration of authority figures or judt anyone with power or wealth and that i cant do anything about it just makes me feel helpless and shameful for being okay. and if its really bad i sometimes fall into a depressive episode or have a panic attack. it makes me feel weak and stupid bc im not even the one experiencing these things and i cant face reality. and with the corona virus mess i constantly hear of people hoarding or fighting over groceries (i read somewhere that customers were yelling at workers shopping groceries before opening doors and it made me feel so terrible lile why??? what do u gain by doing that?? we should be helping each other they are still human with themselves and probably familes to feed and above anyone they have the right to get groceries first) and the fact that many people are in fear and out of jobs/dont have a home or money to support themselves/loved ones but still have to pay rent or electricty etc cuz theres no financial help available yet. celebrities also make me mad lol. i feel like a little child, i really really want to help i want to save everyone and yell at the bad people but i just cry with anger and frustration and sadness when i see that people just cant be nice to each other. i cant go on like this i have a responsibility of being a human being and i can only help by being present...