I have been struggling with BPD my whole life and when I become a part of an intimate relationship with a girl it becomes uncontrollable. I used to think I only experienced it in relationships because of how constant and consistent it is. But since I started seeing a counselor this past December (when I have the money, which ends up being every other week or sometimes every 2 weeks) I have noticed that I do show symptoms of BPD outside of intimate relationships, with my mother especially, but it is mild compared to what happens while in an intimate relationship. I was abused emotionally and mentally by my dad. He is a completely (COMPLETELY) different man now, but he really fucked me up growing up. I have absolutely horrible stories of physical and emotional abuse. I also thought that my dad just hated me or was ashamed of me. As I got older I realized his dad was absent most of his life and it caused him to feel like his feelings weren’t validated so he would split very intensely. Some days he would be a great role model and love me and treat me right. Other days he would hit me and throw me around for waking him up from a nap. I also realized my mom shows signs of bpd. Her dad used to get high and beat the shit out of her which lead her to meeting my dad and getting pregnant at 16. She gets incredibly jealous over people in my dads life and also split very intensely. I am currently dating a girl going on 7 months. Some days are incredible. I don’t overreact, I don’t split, etc.. other days, I can be so cruel... it is better than it was in some ways, in others, not so much. I can control a lot of the triggers now and have dealt with things that used to make me intensely jealous. But every other week I have a break down where I split so badly and can’t stop the rush of thoughts in my head and it’s absolute torture. I have NEVER hit he or have been physically abusive. EVER. And that will never happen. But after a BPD episode, I can only imagine that this shitty absolutely worthless feeling I have for myself is the same exact feeling I would have if that were to happen. I am losing hope of overcoming this and am really scared. Is there anything you guys have tried or helpful methods you can share with me? I am hurting badly..