Hello. 16 (17 on March 7th) M here. I was born 2 months Premature, so my brain got kinda funked up. I also have ADHD, either Autism or Aspergers or Non-Verbal learning disability, depression, and some other stuff. I have always had lots of untapped (untappable) potential. I always have had so many good ideas, and never been able to complete them. I've always been stuck somewhere closer to normal, but not normal. Ever since I was young, I was put into both categories at school and out of it. This led to an issue going into highschool, as in my area (Windsor, Ontario, Canada) their was no options for me to get a  proper education tailored to me (as that's what I need cause I don't really fit in any catagory). Going into highschool my Mom and Vice Principal both made a plan for me, which was to just plop me into a normal High School education (I was in a God-awful mesh between normal and special-ed classes) with (just like in Elementary) humongous classroom sizes. Way to many students. My Ma (two Mom's cause Lesbians) very much disagreed and was correct saying that this was a terrible plan. It really messed me up. Although finishing the first semester, I gave up mentally. My brain just kinda snapped under my PTSD, Crippling Anxiety, Depression, Confusion, Despair, etc. After doing 2 special classes for the second semester, Grade 10 eventually rolled around. I had normal courses this time. I couldn't do it. I went to school the first day, I just kinda snapped again. I fucked up. Now, I'm in a treatment center/school... I hate it hear. I still live at my home (s) (because my parents split up, which actually was good cause their terrible together. Sadly I gained my Ma's anger, so I'm a very angry/miserable person towards my parents whom I love) which is good, but the school is very restrictive and limiting. Life is terrible. I don't even have all my grade 9 credits... I don't want to die. I don't want to die... But it really feels like the only option. My family's basically poor, I failed school basically, I don't enjoy life as much as I hate it, I wish I wasn't born, I'm going nowhere in life, and many other things (another one is that my Ma is American, but I can't get my American citizenship because she's married to a Woman...). I don't know what to do. I fail at everything I do. Is their anything I can do to improve my life? Any advice? At least something to help me stop fighting with my parents...