Shelly: 3 Nita: 2 Colt: 5 Bull: 5 Jessie: 6 Brock: 4 Dynamike: Flying Explosion: Throws down his Super below him, does half of the regular damage. Although he can not move while doing this, he will jump up in the air even if you don't have Dynajump. Use it 2 times. Bo: 2 Tick: Oiled Robot: Tick's movement speed becomes a tank's movement speed for 4 seconds.  Use it 4 times. 8-bit: Does not destroy his turret but only 2 uses. Emz: Only heals 1000 health with 3 uses. Barley: Party's Over: Barley throws down a paycheck under him. It becomes invisible and any enemy who steps over it (like a Bo mine) gets stunned for 2 seconds. He can use it 4 times. Rosa plants only a 2 by 2 plant but can use it 4 times. Poco: Radius is bigger and can use it 3 times. El Primo: Instead of a throw, he slows an enemy down for 4 seconds but, he can only use it 2 times. Penny: Investment Success : She summons a mini cannon with 1000 health that repeatedly spits out a coin randomly every 2 seconds (like a gem mine).  Allies that pick it up (like power cubes or gems) will heal 400 health per coin. She can spawn this 3 times. Darryl: Barrel of Liquor Darryl rolls forward, leaving a trail of sticky substance. It lasts for 5 seconds and enemies who walk on this gets slowed for 2 seconds. Usage: 5 times. Rico: Quick Fix: Rico heals 1200 health. This can only be used 4 times. Carl: Forceful Pierce: Carl throws his pickaxe in front of him (same range, damage, and speed). The pickaxe can destroy walls and can be used 2 times per match. Jacky: 2 Bibi: Blown Bubble: Bibi blows a bubble in front of her that pops. Enemies that are very close to her get stunned for 2 seconds and further enemies get slowed for 5 seconds. She can use this ability 3 times. Bea: Queen Bea: Bea activates an immunity shield for 2 seconds. She can activate it 2 times per match. Frank: 4 Pam: 5 Piper: Lady's Burst (like ladies first, get it): Piper's next shot's damage is increased by 800 damage. It does not stack with Ambush and this can be used 4 times. Max: 4 Mr. P: Luggage Overload: Mr. P throws an overloaded luggage behind him which just bounces and explodes in a 4 by 4 radius and knocks back a brawler. It does not do any damage, and it can be used 4 times. Tara: 3 Mortis: 5 Sprout: Thiccc (Pam reference) Vines: Sprout's Super lasts an additional 3 seconds. Usage: 2 times only Gene: 4 Crow: 3 Sandy: 2 Leon: Stealthy Stars: Can only be activated while invisible: Leon's super is not cancelled if he shoots. Usable 3 times. Spike: Spike Pike: Spike rushes forward with a pike. It deals 800 damage and knockback.