Now if you all like brawl stars, and keep up with the update sneak peaks, then you will know that the brawl pass will be a thing along with the new Chromatic brawler rarity.  This will be good and bad for the game, and personally, even tho it may help, it will lead to much controversy over the one matter that is, "Is brawl stars pay to win".  Short answer to this, maybe, long answer, yes.  I feel that if there is a possibility I may be leaving this subreddit, I might as well make sense for once instead of posting brain dead memes that I alone found funny.  Brawl Stars has been a free to play game based on RNG.  Now many times RNG can be pay to win, but brawl stars has had a special RNG.  For those of you who have been around for a while, you may know what I am talking about.  What made this RNG special is that it would increase your chances of getting that specific brawler in a box every time that you opened one.  This did lead to some people complaining that their luck is trash (which I can agree with), but this made the game somewhat balanced when it came to pay to win.  I am not denying that this game was slightly pay to win in the beginning, but it still allowed a healthy balance between rage and luck.  But this update will usurp all of the original foundations of this game.  First, lets talk about the Chromatic rarity.  It most likely will be as good as a legendary.  Every season of brawl pass, if you do not get one, it will deteriorate in RNG value, it will become as easy to get as a mythic, then the next season if you still did not get it, then it becomes as hard to get as an epic.  After watching a video or two, I understand that it will not go lower than epic.  Now, some people that haven't heard the news may be wondering why that may be pay to win.  In answer to that, that isn't the bad part.  On purchase, the brawl pass will either instantly, or after grinding, will give you that chromatic, and depending on supercell's generosity, it will not lower their chances to get a good brawler out of a box.  When this pass was originally announced, I was fine with it as long as it was cosmetic related only, maybe throw in a few big boxes, nothing to fancy.  But this feels wrong, especially in a game like this.  I have only spent money on skins, and spike (that was because I was stupid and wanted a legendary for flexes), and even then, I got crow, leon, and all the rest of my brawlers legitimately.  Now, Oj's video came out like 10mins before I made this, and I watched it, I also watched Lex's.  And I need to rationalize my thinking against theirs (OJ's logic is more understandable in my opinion).  Lex said at one point in the video, "That everyone wins, the free to play community didn't even need to have a chance for the chromatic if supercell decided to make it a brawlpass exclusive."  That was not a direct quote, but at this point I am just pissed off when it comes to primitive thinking like this.  It is almost equivalent to you getting your car destroyed, and the junker says, "At least I left your stereo".  The fact is, that this update will change the way this game works and how many new players will view this game.  Yes there may be a free bit of the pass, but the most they will throw in is 10x regular boxes that don't do crap.  Even better, what Lex is not thinking of, is that Supercell wasn't being "kind", they knew that if they made it a brawlpass exclusive, they would have left a bad taste in EVERYONE'S mouth.  But they were so "Kind" that they decided to give pay to win players, an "alternative route".  I don't know if you guys have invested in the stock market, but I heard that sarcasm has spiked a whopping 400%.  They did not do it of free will, they knew that they would kill the player base if they gave them one more majorly good reason.  Any who, yes they did not make the game as pay to win as they possibly could have, but this is pushing the limits, only the spenders win in this case.  Oj, said that it would not affect the game negatively, games like clash of clans and clash royale have survived and spiked too, well........not really.  You see, I have been in entire clans, that quit when the pass royale was active for it's second season.  Everyone quit, you know why?  Because the game, gave WAY to many goodies, for 5$.  Yes 5 dollars isn't bad....but that is money, they just created a pay to win option.  And I do not know much on this topic, but I have friends that do, Clash of clans battlepass helps upgrade builders, gives a ton of boosts, etc.  That is a form of pay to win.  This game, will be affected by these decisions, either for good, or for bad, they will find a way to revive this game no matter what, but the lengths that they have and may have to go to, won't be comfortable or entertaining for the player base.  I expect youtubers to be brutally honest about the games current state and updates.  Their opinions matter, but they need to be balanced.  Sometimes I hear from this subreddit, that something is horribly out of place, and Youtubers just pass over it, and say it is fine.  They are normalizing the problem.  Now for the sake of not being a hypocrite, let me optimistic about this game for a few.  Supercell has done a great job maintaining their games, obviously I do not expect perfection, but I do expect them to listen to the community.  And for the most part, they have listened to them.  And if they didn't listen to the community, the Youtubers would bring it to their attention.  We have a wonderful community, but we need to allow growth for both player bases, free to play, and pay to win. I love that this update is introducing something new and exciting, but this could lead to much controversy that they can not undo.  They need to take things slowly, and they have.  They have slowly upgraded their game, so that the player base can enjoy it.  I am surprised they have not moved on to making this game a major cash cow a long time ago.  They have had a lot of restraint.  Maybe this update is not for their own interests, maybe they felt the community needed this, maybe they did not know what the reactions would be.  They have done a great job, and I have been invested in this game for a while.  It has helped me relax, it has helped me use my rage towards spinners instead of my family and friends.  I would hate to see a lot of people's (including me) hard work and interest that was put into this game, go to waste.  I know that I am not anyone important, and that I don't deserve to rant.  But that is my opinion.  Only time will tell if this big update will change it for better or for worse.  If this does get up there in upvotes, and many people see my rant, then I may update this with apologies or rage.  I hope everyone has a better day than me.