This is my first post of reddit and I need some advice or something. I dont know how to get over this break up. I'm 25 and had been dating a guy since I was 21. He was my best friend and the first person I've ever loved, even after dating multiple other people. We lived together, shared a dog and life together. He left me in December when I was at work, he packed up his stuff and left our condo to drive to another city where his parents live. Hes treated me really badly after the breakup, using me for a place to stay when he was in town and a support system and ignoring me and mistreating me when he didnt need anything. I went along with it because I just wanted to be near him and to see him again.Things seemed to be better and he even stayed the night with me after he came in town for a meeting. I let him come over on the condition that he wasnt "talking to anyone" or seeing anyone because I knew I couldnt handle being around that and knowing. He assured me he wasnt and he spent the night. When I woke up I found out he was talking day and night to the same 20 year old girl that almost broke up our relationship a year ago. The back story is he had to write an article on her and he wouldnt stop messaging her in an obsessive way, even when I told him it really made me uncomfortable( shes also has the same name as me, same interests in movie and music as me, the same red hair and complexion, and is younger and smaller). Now cut back to a few weeks ago when I found out again and asked him about it he freaked out because he had been caught in a lie, he screamed, he threatened me and himself, and he threw something at me. All things that were not uncommon in the last year of our relationship. He was mentally, emotionally, and physically abusive. I know I should have left him then and I know it's good that hes out of my life now but I'm struggling so much. I live alone and this isolation is destroying me, I miss parts of my relationship so much. I can't watch some of my favorite shows without crying bc they are things they bonded over, I cant play my bass, I dont want to paint, I enjoy almost nothing unless I'm talking to a friend or family member. I was  doing so much better and then a few days ago I came crashing back down. I had just started therapy before the virus pandemic shutdown my state and my therapist isnt doing online sessions. How do I get over this? How do I stop associating everything with him and with them? How do I stop feeling so inadequate. I reasonably know he was bad to me and abusive and I truly dont understand why I cant get over this. Please, any advice would be helpful.