I really hate the way i was with you. You really brought out the worst in me. I don’t really like you at all anymore. Like i saw a picture of us and the way i fucking looked at you man.. i looked at you like you were everything, and you were. You meant everything to me and i meant fucking nothing to you! its always been a debatable topic if u treated me well. Honestly i guess you could of been worst and I cherished the moments you were really great to me cause those did exist. I guess i kept holding on to the hope that since you were capable I could get you to maintain that. You didn’t. it showed so much through your actions and I ignored it.You said all these things but they were so empty. Such empty fucking words! Who the fuck lies as often as you did??? What the fuck is wrong with YOU?I look back on our relationship and I wonder what you’ve done that isn’t the bare minimum. You never cared if you hurt me or not. You wasted my time with these empty words. It was your ego and my weakness that got us back together the second time.I craved for your love. I begged for it. I wanted it so badly and for what? For some medicore dude who RARELY treated me well.  Fuck you. I always respected you and considered your feelings first. I WAS NOT PERFECT I KNOW. Infact i was probably really fucking annoying with my whiny insecurities. I acted in ways im not proud of. But i tried my fucking best for you. I tried so fucking hard.I liked the way i was before i got so deep into you. I liked the way i was before i met you. Before i loved you. All of these things were voluntary, you didn’t ask me to do any of it and i never expected anything from it. I just adored you so purely and my love was so naive that I did all of this without question. I thought you would understand and appreciate me more since you’ve been through this and you’ve felt the way I have before about someone. I hate you for making me feel like a fool for having a love thats so pure. I’m happy the way i am, im happy im capable of loving someone this way. I’m not ashamed of it. I deserved better. I deserved better than your half assed love. The night we brokeup you couldnt even fucking stay for another hour knowing it was our last conversation. You slept that night. I didn’t. That reflected our relationship so well. what you felt for me was love maybe, but it never held a light to the way i felt about you. It breaks my heart you couldnt feel that way about me. Its okay, cause thats why we’re broken up and thats why i’m glad you’re no longer a part of my life.