I dated this girl for 2 years when I was 16-18. I know just another high school heartache. She was extremely abusive and narcissistic, I don’t know why i’m attracted to her so much. I feel like I need her despite everything we put each other through. I know that to move on it takes time, but how she broke up with me was just making the situation x10 worse. She broke up with me over text and ghosted me for 3 days. I sat in my room actually losing my mind, for 3 days. I went to her house but was told to leave. I also did some stupid shit out of panic like go to her house at 2 am. (I lived with her mostly the whole 2 years so It wasn’t that far fetched in my crazed state of heartbreak)... She also lead me on nearly 3 times, I wish I wasn’t simping over this girl I truly do. Apparently just used me for sex multiple times, telling me everything she knew I wanted to hear. It seems like everyone is talking about how they’re managing to move on and think of different things but I’m grasping onto the past constantly. Even she doesn’t think of me anymore, after 3 months. It’s been like 4, and she gives 0 shits about me. It’s like she realized she made a mistake dating me one day, broke up with me over text, then proceeded with her life like nothing had happened, but as a better person than before. Now here I am sitting here, 4 months in, and constantly thinking about her. I just want the pain to go away i’m so tired of it. I’m tired of having lucid dreams of kissing her and being with her when I should just fucking man up and get over her. I don’t think I enable these emotions but they always manage to haunt me. I feel discarded. useless. a joke. I text her shit expecting something to change but she just reassures me that she doesn’t think of me anymore and that I need to get over her. It’s really comforting. I always end up texting her at like 2 am, feel better afterwards, then regret it. Then I’ll get a response. I just don’t get how this was so easy for her, she was my best friend. I lost nearly every friendship during the relationship so I really fucked it up now... went from being happy everyday to being alone and in my shitty household...