The pain woke me up out of my sleep. They were both in my dreams, basically teasing me. I wish I never met him. I wish he neve came into my life. They only waited a week. Just one week. I bet they started having sex not too long after that. I'm cracking. I want this all to stop. Remember when I went to go talk to him about not feeling like "friends" they had just started dating then. How could he look me in the eyes while we broke up and say that he felt like he gained a friend, and was going nothing but thinking about her. Did he think about her while we were having sex? Is that really why sex wasnt the same for him? Because he was thinking about her. How could he do this to me and say that he didnt mean to hurt me. Why would you do that to anybody? He used me and then threw me away just to go straight to her. That day that I went to his house to see if he was there, the day you and I met, I should have went over to her house like I wanted. I bet I would have found him there. I should have gone over there and confronted them then. Why would you ever do this to somebody? Why didnt he just break it off? Why was I the one to have to ask if we were okay? Why was i the one that had to ask if they were together? I hope they end up hating each other. I used to hope he stayed happy but now I hope they have a terrible relationship. I hope the argue and fight. I hope that she doesn't get to do what she wants to do like me. I hope he never finds someone that looked after him like I did. That treats him like I did. Once this is all over, I never want to see them ever again. I don't deserve to be thrown away like I was. Literally all I did was love him. He should have just broken up with me in January like he wanted to do. I don't even feel like a person anymore, I feel like some used up toy no one wants. I hate him and I hate it here. All I ever did was love him and all i got in return are several knives to the back, tears, heartache, hatred, and betrayal. If I had ever known that it would have ended up this way, I never would have fell for him. I hope he does her the way he did me. I hope he ends up like his parents. I hope he loses his friends, I hope he loses her. All I did was love him. Why did i get all of this in return? He had feelings for someone else while he was with me and there I was, just loving him and hoping that there was something i could fix. He said he didnt want to lead me on but that was all he did. There was no chance of us getting back together because he liked someone else. I gave him my heart and my soul and I got a handful of lies and excuses. I wish I never met him. None of what we went through together was worth it, not even the good times. I regret loving him, I regret giving him my body, and I regret letting him know me. The first crush and boyfriend I ever get, and this is how it ends? I couldn't even get a normal breakup. I should have slashed his tires that night. I should have slapped him. I'm up at 3 in the morning crying and in so much pain and I'm sure he's fast asleep happy thinking about her. Toward the end he told me he didnt want to meet my extended family. His excuse was that he didnt want to meet anybody new and then he said that he was scared they wouldn't like him. No. It was because he knew there was no point. He met her parents. I'm sure his mom loves him. I'm sure his mom doesnt know what he just did to his last ex girlfriend. Do his parents know what he did? Im sure they know that they're dating now but do they know how they began? I should have told him. I should have caused a rift in their home. I should have looked in his parents eyes and told them that I hate their son. I was close to doing it. They were nothing but nice to me, they took me into their home with open arms. And now I never get to see them again. I hate all of this. I hate them both so much. This whole entire month, he did nothing but look me in my eyes and lie and coward away from the truth. He sat there and made jokes with me after hurting me. How are you consciously okay with doing that to someone you once loved and then threw away like trash. He's a selfish, inconsiderate, judgmental, arrogant, and a terrible person. I hate what they've done to me and they get to go off an be happy? They get to go and spend time together and have sex and do all the things we did. I just can't do this anymore. I'm tired of being hurt like this for something they did. It seems like I'm the only one who's getting hurt by this. I'm feeling all of the consequences of someone else actions. I don't want to be awake to feel all of this but I can't go back to sleep. Why should anyone ever have to feel like this? All I did was try and love him... that was it. I just wanted to be with him forever. And for two whole months, he didnt even love me but still pretended to. For more than a month, he said he wouldn't be dating for a while and now he's with her. For more than a month, it's been nothing but lie on top of lie on top of lie. I don't think he would have ever told me until she got to the store. If I had never saw that hickey, I probably wouldn't have known at this moment. How could she have sat there and pretended to be a friend but go back behind my back to do this. I get it, feelings happen but when they happen and there's someone who's in the middle of it, why not let them go right then? Why your girlfriend like a afterthought? Why not just dump her as soon as you feel something for someone else? All I did was love him. All I do now is hate him. All he ever did was hurt me. It was all one big lie. And now I have to decide if someone else is ever going to deserve my heart because I've been hurt. If the next one has a female bestfriend, I'll look like the jealous bitch because I don't trust her. How could I ever trust anybody like that again? I had my suspensions right before we broke up and I wanted to confirm them so I asked and I got my answer. It only stopped my healing process but this is what I wanted. It was better for me to know now than later. He should have just left me.