I’ll try to sum this up as short as possible. We started in highschool me being a senior at the time and her being a junior. We had a mutual friend and we hit it off, we dated for 11 months but then she broke up with me because things had became toxic between us, I’ll admit it was my fault. We end things off nicely then I immediately go no contact. Hadn’t texted her since the break up then a month later she messages me saying she regrets it and can’t imagine life without me. Of course I take her back, we started things slowly but after 2 weeks got back together. I was incredibly happy and grateful to have another chance with her and she was happy to have me back. This time I learned from my mistakes and tried to be the best boyfriend I could be for her. We were so happy to be back together and loved every moment together until 2 months after (right now) she starts having a lot of social, school and family problems. I also just started my first semester of college and she is still in highschool so we both became busy. Once both those things started happening she seemed to enjoy being with me less and less, for example we would go out to eat and she would barely talk and another time we went to the fair and she was quiet all night and at one point said she thinks I’m disappointed in her. Of course I wasn’t and tried to cheer her up but it didn’t work. She then broke up with me a few days after that saying she’s not happy being with me anymore and that we aren’t compatible like we used to be. I don’t want the break up obviously but I can’t force her to be with me so I say my goodbyes and tell her I’m going to need space and won’t be contacting her and I’ll remove her on all social media to help me feel better just like I did last time. She says she understands and said she hopes when she starts at my college in 6 months that we could try again. Me still having feelings for her say I wouldn’t mind that. My question to you all is and I know you can’t know the exact answer, but why do you think she wasn’t happy with me anymore and didn’t want to stay together? What’s some advice to help me move on?