My girlfriend or you can say ex-girlfriend, broke up with me about 2 months ago after being with each other for 4 years. We had such a great relationship but I made one big mistake at the end that really turned the tide with things. I was completely loyal and loved her with all my heart and I gave her my 100% all the time. I made the 1 mistake and I completely regret what I did. I did respect and understood why she decided to break up with me, but It’s been really hard trying to forgive myself, and move on. I still hold all the great memories and I always think to myself what if she was the one and I messed things up, that I would regret that for the rest of my life. It feels like a piece of me is missing and I have this empty feeling in my gut all the time. I know that if I did not mess up we would still be together. My friends have all been supportive as much as they can during this time of being quarantined. I have so much time to be in my own thoughts and night time is the hardest time of the day. Every night I sleep I dream of her and how things would have played out if I made a different decision instead of what I regret doing. My dreams have really been playing with my head and I have sleeping because I know that I will dream of her. She has texted me a couple times after our breakup and it gives me hope but at the same time It is confusing and I don’t know what to think about the situation. Our last conversation we had I talked to her about the possibility of getting back together and she told me that right now she wants to have time to really process and grieve over what we had. She wants to learn how to love herself again and be able to do things independently which I totally respect, but she also told me that there could be a possibility of us getting back together in the future. I’m in a very confusing stage in our breakup that I really need advice on how to move forward from this. Is it a good idea to wait for her or should I move on? How do I deal with this feeling of regret? How do I forgive myself?