It's been almost three months since the end of my 2.5 year relationship. That night the conversation started with her saying how much she wanted to marry me and have a child together. Ten minutes later she was crying and packing her things to leave. 
 
The last time we talked was about a month ago. I was stupid and broke NC. We had some light back & forth texts, but she was clearly less into it than me. Eventually I smartened up, and told her that I was letting her go. That I wasn't going to chase after someone who clearly wasn't into me. She didn't respond.
 
Last week I thought maybe I'd start dating again. I started talking to a woman online and things moved pretty quickly through chatting. We decided that we'd do a multi-day date this past weekend.
 
She came over on Saturday night for the whole Netflix & chill experience. We cooked dinner together, had a few drinks and relaxed. Then on Sunday we took a daytrip to a small, touristy village about an hour's drive away. We spent the day checking out the little stores, restaurants and book shops. We drove back and I dropped her off before dinner time.
 
She was blowing up my phone before I even got home; how great a time that she had, that she couldn't stop telling her roommates about our amazing two days together... but the entire weekend, the only thing that I could think about was my ex.
 
Objectively, yes we had a fun weekend. But every single thing that she said or did, I compared to my ex. My emotions are still tied to her. We used to say that we held each other's heart in our hands, and she still very much has mine. I don't know whether no contact will work to get her back, as it has for me in the past. But I know that I still need the time to better heal & work on myself, regardless. I don't know what I'm saying or asking here. I guess just getting this off my chest. It's all so damned confusing. I know that I need to step back on this and not rush into dating. Maybe it was just this new woman wasn't a good fit for me, I'm not sure...
 
In the meantime, I now have to go and let someone down as gently as I can because this isn't fair to her.