All day i read "text ill never send" "letter i never sent" and i think why not just send it you have everything to gain and nothing to loose. After seeing your smile hearing your voice smelling your hair, why was i doing the same keeping all my emotions inside. My feelings are pure for you. I do love you unconditionally. And i need you to know that. Everything i touch turns to shit. My brain is telling me that i should stay as far away from you as i can. So i dont ruin you. But my gut tells me otherwise. We have millions of neurons in our gut. I messed up my brain so im fallowing my gut for now on. All jokes aside dee, you guide me and explore with me. We find ways to make things better, how to cope with thoughts or ideas. You are my teamate in life. I try to do the same for you. All the fuck ups on both our ends happen. Thats life. As long as we grow and learn from it. We faced real challenges, challenges we share and always will. But we pushed threw them. Why give up on us now? But even if you would be happy and half ass one more attempt it would be a waste of time. But if you actualy commit and give all you have like you once have and found happiness again and i do the same, if i communicate like a fucking adult and not be petty and immature we could concure the world. Why give up on something so special? When you are getting worked up and i hold you and tell you everything will be okay (because everytbing will be) and i kiss your forehead and comfort you, or if i do become a counselor and a client sparks an old memory of something i would want you, the person who trully knows me to be able to let me lay my head in your lap and hear your words. Isnt that the comfort we seak? Something we share and have. I never understood what you meant when you said i was your person untill you werent here and i needed you. I understand now. I think know that you are ready to move on, and you deserve that. Maybe im doing this for me l. So i can get all my emotions out so i know that i have tried my damn hardest and to know that i should let you grow new wings and fly. Idk, i dont trully know how you feel deep down. Things you never told a soul. Only you know those feelings. There were a few times were i questioned myself if i was in love with you. After my last relapse seeing how life in your eyes just drained out. My actions caused that. How could i love someone but hurt them so fucking badly. Was i a monster? I was sick. I still am. But i never meant to cause you pain. I never meant to hurt you. Addiction didnt just hurt me it hurt you too. I can honestly say im in love with (took her name out). Im so totally head over heals for you. I understand if you dont feel that way anymore. And ill understand if you do still feel those burning feelings. I wish i could say more but i feel like ive wrotten so much and you already know so much. You are my princess and always will be. You are a catch if a life time.