This was my first longer relationship. When i met her we still lived somewhat close to eachother. The first six months just flew by and i had the best time with her and loved her with all i had. After that i served six months in the army which didn't really help our relationship. After my army days everyhting just seemed fine and we even moved together to another city where I began to study. I was still fully in love with her and thought nothing could break us apart. Well few months later i realized that i had lived in four different apartments because she didn't like any of the ones before, and after a while she moved back to her hometown for work, which wasn't a problem for me since i could drive there and meet her almost whenever i wanted. Well it wasn't the right decision. She started to act kinda weird and didn't really answer my messages after a while. At one point I couldn't go meet her for two weeks because of my studies and work. After those two weeks I drove ro her apartment being so excited about finally meeting her again and getting to spend time with her, but when I got there se was already really drunk and told me that I had to drive her and a couple of her friends to a bar near the appartment she lived in, dispite the plans we had made for the weekend. Well i drove them to the bar and went to spend te evenging with my friends. At this point I had just moved to a smaller apartment because I couldn't affor the one we both had lived in. The evening went by and a close friend of mine told me to come talk with him and I realised that this wasn't going to be nice. He told me that she had met a new guy while drinking a few weeks ago and they had been talning non stop. I still thought that he could only be just a friens and nothing more. Well time went by and I got the call to go and get them from the bar. When I got there at first I couldn't see her or her friends, but after a while I saw her walking to my car with another mans hand over her shoulder. She sat in the car and passed out immediately. I drove all of them home and my girlfriend to her apartment and told her that we should propably talk tomorrow whem se would be somewhat sober, which she didn't understand at all, being durnk and all that. Well I then proceeded to get totally hammered that night and in the morning she just told me that this didn't feel right anymore or that she felt like I didn' like her anymore and we should part ways. I just stood there and couldn't say a thing. And now here I am. Broke af, having to pay my own rent and the last rent of the apartment where both of us lived for a while, having to pay two loans which I had to take in order for us to be able to live together, and having to work part time and study at the same time. Fuck. Me