I lived with my girlfriend and 5 months ago she left me  took stuff from the house and walked away while I was at work I haven’t seen her since. I found out she was cheating too loads of times which has killed me but without going into all the horrible details, ever since I’ve ended up texting her to try and sort things and it’s not gone how I’ve wanted to I know I shouldn’t do it and move on but the love I have for her doesn’t let me do it, I can’t accept she doesn’t love me for some reason, is that reflection on something wrong in my brain? Something subconsciously wrong with me? However I’ve moved out the house and ended up getting my own place and I guess I should be happy but since she’s gone I’m always on my own now and constantly thinking about her and missing her so deeply that it consumes me every day. I now sit in this new place on my own feeling lonely and depressed thinking about it all and it’s something I just can’t handle anymore the grief of missing someone so much who doesn’t love me gets to much at times and if I can’t get it Off my mind after 5 months down the lineI know I never will ever and that’s scary for me. I’ve tried talking to her I’ve tried everything possible with her and it’s just ended badly. I’ve acted so obsessive and so needy that I’m made myself look a fool quite badly, I’m so very silly for not being able to accept she doesn’t want me so why can’t I? The thought of her texting and talking or even being with other guys absolutely tears me apart it’s the worst feeling I’ve ever felt in my life. I’m currently out of work for another 4 weeks cause of the Coronavirus and in lockdown so I have nothing to do nor have the Enthusiasm or motivation to find something to do cause of the depression it’s caused. I feel so lonely without her. I have good friends and family but they just don’t satisfy the void of missing her, am I crazy and pathetic for feeling like this? Nothing at all stops the thoughts of her and I’m struggling everyday being by myself. I feel unlovable and unworthy of anything and it makes me contemplate suicidal thoughts.