I am in desperate need for advice from anyone who can relate. Warning: unpopular opinions involved. I was head over heels for a man who I found a best friend in. He was the first guy who fully understood me on an emotional level and accepted my quirks and shared the same strangeness as myself. He quickly became what I felt was my soulmate, and he felt it too. He’s got a great heart. He has a wonderful family. It didn’t take much time before our friendship blossomed into a strong relationship, built on mutual respect, trust, love, etc. however, he let his addiction to this computer game get in the way of every priority in his life. He became lazy, he took me for granted, he stopped putting any effort into our relationship or really anything into any area of his life. I had multiple deep conversations with him about how I felt the amount of time he was spending gaming was taking a toll on our relationship and he said he’d change and never did. He stopped wanting to sacrifice that time to do anything with me, but I knew he did love me and care. After 2 years of these conversations and empty promises, I decided the only thing I could do was to break up with him. It took me breaking up with him for him to realize he can’t imagine life without me. He completely destroyed his games, he started doing all the things I’ve been wanting that ultimately would have kept me from ending things fo begin with. He’s working hard to prove he can provide for me and will do anything and understands he had a sick addiction to this game. I’m a bit jaded and my heart has been broken because I didn’t want to break up, I felt it was the only option. He wants to prove to me that he can be the man I deserve, but I’m conflicted - do I give him another chance? I met another guy in the meantime who has been a friend and has treated me the way I deserved to be treated the whole time, I’ve gotten physically and emotionally close to him and am now conflicted. Do I give my ex another chance, or do I make the tough decision to just end it completely? I don’t know what I want or how to navigate my feelings. I’m heartbroken, and I don’t want anyone to get hurt. My friends say that he should’ve been treating me this way the whole time and it shouldn’t have come to a breakup. But I don’t hate him, I still love him so much and am so angry he made it come to this, something that I would’ve have fathomed doing before. It’s hard to explain in a thread, but if anyone has been in a similar situation or would like to chat further - I could use the guidance. My heart hurts and I don’t know what to do.