My ex left me after 6 years. My heart was completely shattered. It's been almost two years and while I'm doing better and trying to date, I haven't fallen in love again and I'm still pretty hurt over my ex. I tried for so long to convince him we were worth another chance. But he was just done and made me feel worthless and unwanted. As fate would have it, about a year after he left me (and went through a few rebounds), he found his new girlfriend and she is my worst nightmare. She's very successful, very attractive and super into fitness and posting provocative pictures, and she's crazy about my ex. She's also in her 30s like me and has made it clear in her posts that she's ready to settle down and start a family. Even better, she only moved here recently for a career move. So I spent my youth with him, just to be a placeholder so he can marry and have a family with someone else, while I am now single in my 30s and looking at maybe never having a family after all. I don't know how to recover from that kind of heartbreak and disappointment. I feel like he stole so much from me. And I stuck by him during his lowest times. He suffered a lot of career setbacks while we were together, and almost had to declare bankruptcy. It meant for years we had to watch every penny and couldn't do fun things or plan a future. And that our social life suffered due to his shame and depression. But to add salt on the wound, he found an amazing job not long after he left me and is doing better than ever. His life came together so perfectly after he dropped me, and I'm still just alone and depressed. It's like the better his life got, the worst mine got. I want to be a big enough person that I wish him happiness, but I'm just not there yet. I want him to hurt and miss me and regret his choices, but he has no reason to with how well his life is going. Meanwhile, I've struggled to find anyone else to date, I'm still in a dead end career, my friends are now all married and raising kids so my social life is gone, and I'm afraid I lost my chance to have anything good. I'm just depressed and lonely and so embarrassed at being like this while everyone around me is so happy that I just isolate. I know his life and her don't concern me anymore, and that life just isn't fair so suck it up and move on, but damn I'm struggling to accept it all and my head is still spinning by how quickly I lost everything. I don't know how to just feel happiness anymore. And if I'm being truly honest, even if I'm ashamed and embarrassed by it, I'm angry and bitter at God/fate/the powers that be/whatever, that things have worked out the way they have. I'm losing the hope that things will ever get better and the will to keep going.