I’m going to preface this with saying that we are both and he just go out of the marines last year, and this is my first “official” thing(?).  This guy and I started dating about two weeks ago after about two weeks of knowing each other, it was fast. With the quarantine we spent nearly every day together in his house hanging out. Usually I am a lot slower and make men take me on nicer dates, but he was nice and I liked him, so we had a date at his place. Last Saturday I got tipsy and told him how amazing he was, and it caused it to shift and I think we both felt it. I don’t regret being emotional because that’s how I am, and I’m not going to change for anyone. In the middle of sex yesterday he stopped randomly and laid back on the bed, and then I started asking him questions about himself (his anxiety and depression) and he didn’t budge, was just quiet. I asked him why he wasn’t saying anything and he was like “I clearly don’t want to talk about it obviously,” and I told him he should’ve made that more clear. He started crying, he told me I am too nice  of a person and he doesn’t like it (he thrives off the challenge of being told he can’t have something apparently), I tell him I refuse to change my favorite part about myself (how kind I am). I told him I wish him the best, and that I hope he finds someone who he feel he can open up to. I spent a significant amount of time with his brother, as well, over the past few weeks, and sent him a message this morning telling him I wish him the best (I got a notification that he saw it). I have a good amount of confidence/self-respect so I know I’ll get over this if I allow myself to properly heal, but I really saw myself falling for this person. I feel confused a little, like was it real for him? My friend said she saw him on tinder already (where we met lol), and I personally cannot even fathom talking to anyone else right now. Does he do this to girls? I told him that his love for a challenge is going to be what sets him back, saying that the other person isn’t going to be able to get go know the real him. But maybe I’m speaking out of my ass? I also think he may be sexually traumatized because this was his second time stopping in the middle of sex and when I asked him what was wrong, he said “a random thought came into my head”. Anyway, was I wrong in how I handled this?