I’ll try my best to keep this as short as possible. I’m (27, m) she’s (23, f), we live in NYC and we first dated for 8 amazing months. We even traveled to Denmark together for our 6 month anniversary. But it was all downhill from there.  On our 8 month anniversary, in September, she decides to dump me because we were fighting all the time about how she can be impressionable and is influenced mainly by her sisters, friends and other family. i.e. texting them from the moment she opens her eyes to the moment we fall asleep. I mean, nonstop, like “what did you have for dinner. Oh, I just made a right turn on 5th avenue, about to go pee, etc” plus she would see her sisters 3-4 times a week and that would interfere with the amount of times we hung out. I was always competing for her attention. Barely seeing her 3 times a week. That caused a lot of  tension, which was when I first got dumped, in the end of September. Fast forward 2.5 months to the end of November, after not seeing or speaking to her since being dumped, my sorry ass begged her to meet up and hang out to try and figure things out again. We hung out, got dinner and one thing led to the next and before you know it we started to see each other again 2-3 times a week, semi-casually. Referring to each other as bfgf again.  Just this morning, she was texting me about her birthday plans in few weeks and her sisters (of course) won’t be in town for her actual birthday, so they began to force her to plan something the weekend before her birthday. Happens to be I’m going away that weekend, which she knew because I told her that three times. I got upset and threw a fit, bombarded her with texts and basically said, before you plan anything you should run things by your boyfriend to see if that works for me. I care about celebrating and want to be there with her now that I’m back in your life. Hours go by, she ignores and then writes back saying because of how I handled that situation she’s breaking my heart again and dumping me. Ladies and gentlemen of Reddit, if someone breaks up with you once, NEVER go back running and begging for them to take you back. You will always be on thin ice and they will make sure to leverage any fight with you to break up again because they don’t really want it and are confused. Please. Learn from my mistakes. I’m sort of devastated. I should have known better but hey, I’m gna make sure to never reach out to her again and begin the healing process ASAP. thanks for reading and any thoughts, comments, questions, concerns, yada yada are welcome!