My ex dumped me on the 28th of December and it was pretty devastating. To make matters worse, he jumped into a relationship with a girl 5 days later on January 2nd. I couldn’t help but watch as they posted about each other and seemed so happy. I kept no contact and decided that things would run their course because she had to be a rebound. But things took a turn when January 13th rolled around and suddenly he was with someone new? The girl he was first with, ALSO had a new man?? Anyways, it looks like he’s been with this girl #2 since then and they have been going on all these dates and dinners and spending a bunch of time together. On January 25th, exactly one month since he dumped me, I broke no contact when he messaged me and asked if I wanted some of my things back...he never replied to my response. I texted him four days later on the 29th and told him that I also had some of his belongings And wanted to know if he wanted them. He said that his car was in the shop and couldn’t get anything until this weekend. A few hours later he messaged me saying that he had my W2. I told him that I could pick it up but he never responded until the next day...he said he needed a ride somewhere and could give me my W-2 then. I was at work so I told him that I couldn’t but that I would be able to get my W-2 in a couple days..but he never responded. He didn’t even open the message. Throughout our whole relationship we fought a lot because I felt like he never treated me like a girlfriend.. he never really showed me he cared. We never went out on dates like he’s doing with these new girls... it seems like he’s putting a bunch of effort into these girls that I didn’t get..like he is taking this new girl out on breakfast dates and going bowling and golfing and doing all these cute things that he never did with me. I can’t help but feel rejected. I always felt like I wasn’t good enough for him in the relationship and I always had a feeling that he wasn’t quite happy with me...Even when he would say that he loves me and made plans to move in together...I always felt super anxious because I felt like I was in competition with somebody who wasn’t even there. When we started dating I found out that he had an Asian fetish which I am not ..so I felt like I was constantly fighting to keep him ... and I changed everything about myself just to get him to notice me more. He Said he liked tiny girls so I stopped going to the gym ..he said he liked girls with short hair so I cut my hair. I lost myself.  Even when I got bangs I asked him if he liked them and the only complement he could give me was “oh they look different”. This girl #2 that he is with is Asian so I feel like he is extremely happy with her and I am honestly devastated. but it seems like he moved into both of these relationships really really quickly... so is this girl also a rebound or is he actually over me and just moving on.