I've been debating on making a post about my feelings... but I need to let it all out. I can't give correct time frames, because it's been that long ago, despite feeling like yesterday. I'm not over my ex, and I'm not sure when I will be. I thought it was possible to get over your ex's, because I before. I have moved on from one ex relationship that was like living a dream come true. This ex I can't shake out of my mind, honestly, our relationship wasn't even that good. It was a lousy high school relationship - he was younger than me, which I didn't mind (I have to admit I loved it) and he has been the most attractive male in my eyes that I've been with. I met him through Facebook friends recommendation (lol, too funny) and we hit it off and agreed to meet one day. I was instantly attracted to him and things didn't take long to progress into a relationship. I was his first... his first girlfriend, first kiss, first 'time', which made me feel amazing. This was definitely at least 5-6 years ago. I must also mention, I was going through a very mentally ill stage in my life so I was an idiot and didn't treat him nearly as good as I should have. I was possessive, obsessive, and unsure about everything going on in my life. He also had his fair share of issues and problems. He wasn't very nice with his words. I haven't figured out why I hold him so close to my heart. I really thought for a long time I couldn't get over him because the sex was great and I finally experienced the biggest fetish of mine played out in real life. (Me, older, the dominant ONLY in the bedroom, being his "mistress" we will title it - Him, younger, being the 'puppy' or submissive ONLY in the bedroom... I specifically say ONLY in the bedroom because outside of the bedroom, our relationship was crap and neither of us would be following that 'role' of dominant/submissive). I didn't realize how much I loved this role playing or femdom or role reversal, whatever you want to call it, until it was over. Even in newer relationships I can't seem to imitate the same sort of fetish or role playing feel because it was specifically HIM I seemed to get off to. HIM being so damn cute. Thinking about him after all these years makes me feel insane, like a psycho ex. I hate the feeling of wanting him... it puts my mind in such a brain fog where I feel so dominating and can't help but feel like a predator chasing her prey. I want to scoop him up and never let him go out of my grasp. Sounds like insanity, doesn't it? I should also mention the sad fact about how I still try and find his profiles... just so I can see him... just so I can know how he's doing. I've attempted to reach out to him (fail attempt, he wanted me to leave him alone forever). I'm disgusted at myself that I still want to talk to him and chase him. I hate that he sees me as a stalking, creepy ex who needs to move on. It's true, I really do. How can I? What is wrong with me? If anyone even reads this, some advice would be nice. I really doubt anyone will read this... it's a bunch of crazy gibberish thoughts that I can't even understand myself. Anyhow, thank you for your time.