I am 26. I have been in love with her for 1.5 years. I have no friends and she is the only one I have in my life. I gave all my attention to her. I loved her with all my heart. I have given her all the time I could. I did everything I can to make her happy. She made me feel that I am being loved too. I have loved every moment we had together and I felt she did as well. But she broke up with me recently saying she never loved me, she never felt the spark and it wasn't natural to her. She only did things because she had to. We belong to different cultures, I don't know her native language but I tried to learn and do speak in it most of the time. I am not very extroverted as you can see from me not having any friends while she is. Maybe she wanted someone who has more fun, more party going. I even tried learning to dance with her. She went to a different place for her higher education 9 months back. We tried to keep the long distance relationship going. When we were together, it felt like we had so many things in common or so I thought. But most of the times we just ended up talking about work, maybe she didnt want to share or maybe we didnt have as much in common, I don't know. But I always loved her. We had virtual date nights. I talk with her for an hour everyday and I always looked forward it. I must admit that I did sense she might not be feeling satisfied. I did everything I could or maybe not, I dont know. All I know is I love her and when she broke up with me, she said she never loved me. She was never happy. I just couldn't believe it. All of a sudden I am alone and i dont know what to do. It's been two weeks and I even talked (mostly crying) to her yesterday trying to understand what happened, if I did something wrong. But she just cold heartedly said she never loved me. I dont know what to do. I just couldn't take it anymore. I have never been so close with anyone and she was with me. I dont usually connect with people, but I did with her. If she really meant it, I feel cheated. I dont know what is worth anymore. My work isnt going well. I just couldn't breathe. She said we can be friends if you want but I dont know how to do that. Its just weird the way she speaks, it's like I am talking with some stranger. She is willfully ignoring me. I dont know why I am posting this. I just need to talk with someone I guess but I dont have anyone to talk with. I am feeling like shit for 2 weeks now and I have no idea what to do. Should I try everything I can to get her back ? Talking with her, it doesn't feel like she will come back. She says it takes time to sync in and it will be back to normal. I should give it some time. I know this of course but I just dont want to. And yes this is my first serious relationship. So she says because this is your first time, you are feeling this way. I really dont know what to do. It feels like my life is falling apart. Truly I love her and I just cant forget. I dont forget anything. Call it a gift or not and I remember every moment we ever had. It's running in front of me on and on. I dont want to be sad but I cant help it.