You're so dumb. So fucking dumb. We were so happy together until you would do this dumb shit. Fighting with me over adding your friend on social  media?? You literally called me a stalker...saying I'd watch your friends account to find you??? Bitch, we were dating. If I wanted to know what's up with you, I'd FUCKING TEXT YOU. I've been stalked all my life so imagine how I felt being called such a slur. I could only look past a few things before you finally used me up and I broke. You and that toxic wannabe weeabo murder-loving bff of yours. Cant wait to see what you do with that art degree- I'm sure you'll supply us with enough furry art for generations to enjoy. Honestly,I hope you're happier without me. It would have been a waste to break up if both of us were in pain. I have scars from your words that cut into me. These wounds have healed but they are still disfiguring me. I still cannot believe that it went down the way it did. I had to drag you out of the house...a coward that tried to break things off with me over the phone...do you have no pride? No guts? Have some respect for me after all. I had enough courage to even bring up the topic. I stayed with you even after being belittled and forced to play the part of something I'm not because it made you more comfortable for me not to grow and change. You weren't always an asshole. I loved you. I obviously still do since I'm so hurt to rant after 3 months of breaking up. I've been through so much...and loving you hurt. Love shouldn't hurt.  Even during our break up, I couldn't be so mad at you. You were gentle with me in person but over the phone you spoke as if I was not worthy of anything...not even simple kindness...were you scared too? A scared person who doesn't know how to handle an adult conversation? I was scared too. I find myself in the midst of fear crying out for you. A gun in my face and yet my last thought was regret. Regret for simple actions and terrible events that led me to where I was in life. Regret to ruin us.  Now I've already become weak, asking to be friends with benefits and apologizing when I know I shouldn't. You no longer message me and I no longer care to look for your messages. I get guys numbers and flirt now but yet I seem to not be able to go on dates. I leave these men on read and tell them I'm moving away (I am but not far) because i know in my heart they are not going to be the one for me. I hate it. I can't even take a chance at new love yet. If I even pushed myself to date one of these new people...I also understand if you came back around, I'd be lead to cheat. And I would. Because I know I'm inlove with you. Son of a bitch I am. I cant hurt any more people with my love for you, you big dummy. So let me cry, let us move on and let me rant on reddit to strangers about you...but I hope one day....one day....we can eventually come back around. As friends or lovers.  Whichever but make it true.