I've known him for 4 years. As soon as I got to know him well, I liked him. Maybe loved him already before we even got together the first time. We got together the summer before my freshman year. We dated for about 7 months, and then, things just weren't working out, so we broke up. We remained best friends, and as we got closer, I realized that my feelings had only gotten stronger. So we got back together the summer before my junior year. That lasted 9 months, until I broke up with him last month. I saw a complete switch in his personality. He didn't show initiative in wanting to talk to me. He played minecraft with his friends all the time. If I asked to call, he'd leave their group call, but he'd still be playing. He stopped asking me to call. I confronted him multiple times about the issue, and he didn't try to solve it. So, I broke up with him. I hoped reality would hit him, and he'd finally understand how he'd been treating me, but he didn't. I cut contact for a couple of days, and then tried to talk to him again. He pretended like nothing was wrong, and so did I. After about 2 weeks, I asked if he'd be willing to try again. He said he didn't feel the same way anymore. That really makes me feel like he never loved me to begin with. It's not that easy to get over someone. So, now, I feel like I wasted 4 years of my life giving him all of my attention. I feel lost, because I just lost a person I had a very strong bond with, because he just didn't care anymore. I gave him my first kiss, and we made all of our film projects together. Projects that I'm so proud of, but I can't look back on without feeling depressed. Most of my personality traits are taken from his. I mean, I practically grew up with him. From 12 years old, to turning 17 in 2 months. I already have several mental health problems, so this is NOT helping at all. I'm looking at having to start therapy regularly again. For several weeks after the breakup I had terrible mood swings. Now I just feel more empty than I used to. So, how can I make it hurt less?