Me and my first ex were together for 2 years. It was a great relationship and I loved her and treated her well we got a long together she loved me a lot and the sex was amazing. but she moved away 20 miles from me. she didn’t have her license and I asked her for a year an half to try to to get her license she wasn’t very motivated I would ask her if she worked on her license and every month she would tell me no. It went on like this for a long time I hated driving and I made my feelings about driving apparent to her but her permits expired and nothing was changing she wasn’t motivated for school and it seemed to me like she had no drive to do anything in life. Compared to me who got my license and car in about 3-4 months. She also had a drinking problem if she had just a beer she would look like she was roofied and need to be baby sit for the rest of the night. I ended up feeling like I had to end the relationship cause at the time it seemed it was the only option. I made the horrible mistake to keep texting her after only a week after and when she asked me to be friends with benefits I was an idiot and said yes this went on for awhile she ended up getting her license in about 3-4 months but for some reason I was scared to get back with her I was scared that she would end up not having any passion for anything again once she was comfortable and I was scared I would end up hurting her again . But eventually after 6 months she started to pull away from texting me and at around 5 months she didn’t wanna hang out anymore. After about a week of not texting her I sent her a text hoping that later in a couple years we could be together again after we grow. She went off on me called me asshole for treating her like a booty call and for coming to her for emotional support and said I controlled her for asking her to get her license and how saying maybe you shouldn’t by those clothes when your saving for a car was controlling then she said she doesn’t see us working together I worked things out peacefully it ended when i said it takes two to be intimate and we were on good terms. I got really angry about it the next day cause all I wanted was for us to grow togther for the relationship to be 50/50 and I wrote out a whole page of why me and her broke up I regret it the moment I sent it. I sent a voice mail saying I’m sorry I was angry. She left me on read about 2 hours later I saw a picture of her and another guy on her story I left it at that. The next time we were all hanging out with our friends I see her wearing the gift I gave her when we first started dating it was the same chain but with a diffrent ring and the whole hangout she was texting her new boyfriend and sending snaps to him then next day I couldn’t handle it I wanted to be together I didn’t want to lose her when I tried to get back together and asked to hangout she said she doesn’t have feelings for me and to get over her saying she’s with someone else now then she blocked me on messages I tried to message her on Snapchat and she unadded me it’s been about 2 weeks and I feel like I fucked up the best thing in my life she was so beautiful inside and out.