At the end of April my girlfriend broke up with me. We dated 3 and a half years and she was the only person I’ve ever dated that I’ve been in love with. I really never loved someone like that. And I hate that I still do. On a Monday morning while I was at work I received a text message from her saying that she doesn’t love me anymore and can’t do this. She said she tried to make it work but it didn’t. She also said she needed to be on her own for a while. We had our problems and I had made a full 180 on all my bad habits and was focusing all my effort of the relationship. I could tell though for the past month that she was barely engaging me no matter what I did. It hurt but I told myself that if I keep showing her that I’m making serious efforts to improve the relationship she will come around eventually. Then I got that text message that punched me in the gut. She was lucky to get a nice job as a nanny making well over my salary and could afford the apartment we had together on her own. I could not so she stayed there. I had to go with a uhaul and bring everything to my moms house to live with her in a 10x5 room. I never got to say goodbye. Never got to see her again. She wasn’t there when I went to get my stuff and I’ll never see her again. It was extremely painful and now I feel like my whole life is demolished. She was the one good thing on my life I could rely on. We went through so much together and she acted like she didn’t even care. Now I’m back at my moms at 27, in debt, quarantined from all my friends. Right back where I was 4 years ago like nothing had happened. The last few weeks I feel like I’ve been in a dream state where I don’t feel any emotions. Didn’t cry, couldn’t feel joy, nothing. Today I decided to make a Tinder out of curiosity (I wasn’t looking for her) and boom she pops right up with new pictures and bio after telling me she needed time to focus on herself. It’s been 2 weeks and already on a dating site. I would assume that it was out of curiosity like myself but the complete coldness she showed me tells me it’s not. I feel so cut off guard that my world is completely upside down right now. I never thought in a million years any of this would happen. I’m sorry if this is a rambling mess but seeing that profile finally broke me down. I cannot stop crying and thinking about how she doesn’t give a single fuck about me. The most emotional pain I’ve ever felt.