10/10 know this message will likely not be read, let alone responded to. Can’t say I blame you, yet here I am sending this stupidly long text anyways in hopes it might make me feel better and contribute to my attempt at getting over you since I can’t get any kind of answers from you to help with that. I mean, if you wanna text me back and just say “leave me the fuck alone” shit, even that would help. And it’d probably work to, because then I’d know for sure it’s not worth my time to try. Anyways, back to what I wanted to say to help myself (and hurt myself at the same time because putting all these feelings into words is gonna be rough). I miss you, a lot. And I know that isn’t fair because I left you. However, I left you mostly because you wouldn’t change. I told you what was bothering me on many occasions and waited through months of not being happy in hopes that you would do those little things I wanted. I think maybe that’s what made this so hard, I should’ve just left when you didn’t change instead of dragging it on and hurting myself trying to make you love me in the process. But the truth is, you never even liked me that much, did you? That’s why it was so hard for you to change. Because you were just never that into me. At least that’s what everyone tells me.. That, or you were cheating on me. Which I don’t believe but I guess anything is possible. I try not to think about either option too much because I’m not sure which one hurts worse. Often times I find myself going through the photo album I had of you and all the things we did together— and I just cry. Sometimes for minutes, sometimes hours. There’s other times I’ll go through the same photos and I’ll laugh and smile at all the great times we had. You really did make it a summer to remember. Sometimes on my way to work, I drive past your house and cry because I know I’ll never be there again. I know I’ll never sit down and eat dinner with you and your mom again, I’ll never get to stop by and visit the dog. All those experiences I had with you are gone and that absolutely breaks my heart. I don’t think I’ve ever had my heart broken because I’ve never felt like this for anyone before. I’m always the person who leaves, and that stayed consistent with you. But what’s different is that I’ve never wanted someone back after I left them. I don’t know that I wanna say I love you, because I don’t honestly know if I’m capable of loving someone like that. But you were my first for a lot of things. You were the first person I ever introduced to my family, which honestly I kinda regret now because I hate when they ask about you. I hate that when I go visit my family I remember you being there. I hate that I spend time playing with my niece in their backyard and I remember you sitting down at the picnic table holding baby Robin and all I could think was that I wanted that. I wanted to see you 5 years from now, spending time with my family and holding our baby. I was never even 100% sure I wanted kids until I met you. All these thoughts and emotions, and the hardest part of dealing with them is thinking that you never even thought about this, and you probably don’t now. Obviously I don’t know this for sure but my god, there is this awful sinking feeling in my stomach every time I think about you. And it hurts so much, I don’t know how to handle it and just move on and leave you alone. I miss you and leaving you might be one of my biggest regrets. I miss your laugh, I still hear it in my head often. I miss laying on the couch and eating donuts, I miss our breakfast dates, I miss the adventures we took together. I miss you texting me good morning every day, telling me to have a good day when you got to work, and a goodnight every night. I miss the Tyler that made it clear how much he cared about me. But something changed, and I can’t tell you when, but eventually I noticed it. You just stopped. Stopped taking me out, stopped making plans with me, stopped coming over. To the point where it was difficult to tell you if you even wanted me around anymore. And I didn’t know how to convey this because I was hurting so much. But now, a few months after our break up, I’m doing okay. I’m getting better. I’m learning how to be someone I wanna be again, and I’m slowly getting happy. I’m back in therapy, like you had suggested many times but I brushed it off. You were right, I needed it. So, here I am, getting better, and all I can think of is that I wanna get better for you. I mean, for me too, because I want to be a happy, healthy person. But I want to get better mostly because I want to be good for you. I want to be able to make you happy and I want to be there for you. Unfortunately for me, until I hear otherwise, this probably won’t change. But that’s okay, because I believe that even if I spend all this time getting better for you and it doesn’t work out, I’ll be okay. I’ll still be better.