(TW I’m gonna talk about an ED me some nasty deeds included with it) back story: Both female , both 18+ . We started dating In late-ish 2018. I had previously dealt with some ED problems in early middle school/ high school , but never to the severity at which it hit when I was with her . I was starving and puking what I did eat. It consumed me, all I could think about was my weight . I noticed she started started looking very thin too I also started noticing her eating declining as well, it was apparent what I had done and I was so mad at myself for it , but I couldn’t stop hating myself .(+ she has had a very close relationship where the other person was badly affected by an ED). I remember asking her if it was my fault and she said it had nothing to do with me . The night of the break up she called me and told me she had heard I was being sleazy with another girl, which wasn’t true , I genuinely hadn’t had an interaction like that with any woman but her.After we broke up, she basically told me it wasn’t about that girl and it was all my fault and I made her want to k*** herself and not eat that only the eating was what made her leave . I don’t doubt I was mean , I never ate , I had no energy and I did snap at her , but we never fought , we only fought leading up to our breakup about the smaller out things because we were both so low on energy and couldn’t deal with each other, neither was eating . We blocked each other on everything . I fell into a complete rut , it got 10x worse for a good 2-3 weeks until I noticed the severity of what I was doing to myself and why. I’m eating more and finally looking at myself in a positive way again after a good 1-2 months after that. And now, I still want her back, she’s on my mind every single day.i texted her a few weeks ago , and she agreed to come pick me up and talk . She picked me up and I apologized for everything , I genuinely was blind to the fact I was hurting her and she accepted my apology. I told her I think about her all the time , and that I tried to move on, and I simply couldn’t because I still love her . And she replied , “ think we’re in the same boat” and we just smiled it off and kept talking about life . ( BIG QUESTION) finally. Do I keep fighting for her? Or have I done too much damage.. I love her , my heart yearns for her and I’m finally feeling better now, I see my wrongs from back then. After time alone i can see I’m 100% stepping away from that life . Do you guys think I should try again? Or the damage is done.. let me know please ! (my friends are stumped on this one , and frankly I am too)