When we matched on Tinder I remember being at work on a Friday and thinking nothing of it. I thought to myself "oh she's cute" and then I had went back to work. A few hours later I decided to send you a message just for fun so I looked at your profile and I remember having a chuckle at how cold and blunt it was. "Traveller, gamer, nature lover". (rough translation from french) So I decided to spark up a convo about what kind of games you like and one of the first games you listed was Heroes of the Storm. A game that I loved and always thought nobody played. So we proceed to exchange Battle tags and played that night. We played from 8pm t'ill 2 or 3 am. We laughed, you were much better than me. We played that entire weekend after that. Finally, on Tuesday we decided to meet up for a drink. I was newer to the city so I let you pick the place. That night you we're no longer just cute, you became beautiful. The more I spoke to you the more sparks flew and to my delight, you felt the same. I walked you to the bus stop after our date. You gave me a bracelet you had made out of a playing card and a hair elastic. I was addicted. I had not felt like that in years. My heart sang for you every day until we saw each other again. That night you stayed over. We had an amazing night. You never really left after that. Over the course of the next 3 months you had built your nest in my apartment. Not much after we decided to get a place together. Things we're going well it seemed but suddenly you felt very distant. You became depressed, unhappy, and you ended up taking a lot of that out on me. I didn't mind, I was still addicted. I always told myself that it would get better and that things would go back to the way they we're. But they never did. They kept getting worst. Over the next few months I tried everything to keep the ship floating but I just couldn't keep up. My physical and mental health started taking a toll. I stopped being myself, stopped seeing my friends, stopped playing music. I was a junky for you, unable to find a hit. But I held on. I believed in us with every inch of my body and soul. Until 2 weeks ago, Valentine's day to be exact. We got into an argument about something incredibly stupid, but that was how we spent most of our nights. You told me we should break up. I knew you we're trying to get a reaction from me, even before you admitted it. But I said Ok. Over the next week while we we're moving you back into your mom's place you kept saying "I never thought you would leave". Neither did I. And as much as I feel relieved that it's over, I still can't help but feel like I've failed you. I tried to act like I was fine in front of you but that's cause I never wanted you to know that it kills me to leave. I stopped taking care of myself. Until the other day when I saw you. You we're just getting out of bed and your early morning voice sent a chill down my spine. You seemed very happy. Happier than I could make you. It was very bittersweet but it gave me the strength to give myself a chance and take my life back. So thank you. Thank you for the memories. Thank you for the growth. I wish you well.