After a year and some change of our relationship he ended things. Suddenly, there was no sign of it coming. He dumped me on the street and drove off in the car I paid for. At first I begged him to love me, give me another chance to be the girl he needed and wanted me to be. I felt so lost. He Gave me a generic responses on why we planned need to break up but they weren’t they were his mothers. I think that’s what stung the most. I was naïve, I needed him in anyway way I could get him. I proposed the friends with benefits and I ended up feeling more hurt after each meet up. I  called him with me to go the ER after I had a health scare (doctor thought it was an ectopic pregnancy) that night was confusing we argued but he held me close, kissed me and told the ER staff he was my boyfriend but was talking to girls on tinder at the same time. Then he told me he was still in love with me. I was ecstatic to say the least. But that was a lie, at least I think it was, after the ER trip I bought him food we hooked up, he kissed me in the rain and that was it. He told me he was confused. I guess he didn’t care how I felt either. He lied to his friends and family..didn’t want them to know we were seeing eachother. We had scheduled a date, for later in the week, after I got off work. I was so excited, I dressed fancy to work, and worked a shit shift with a smile on my face. He canceled. His ‘friend’ needed him, and I wasn’t a priority to him anymore because we were just ‘friends’ as well. I wanted to die, still do but besides the point. I had struggled for so long to balance everything. Him, his family, my family, work, my health. Every aspect of my life was failing and I just wanted this one thing to work. I thought we were going to last I really did. But I wasn’t good enough. I tried hard. But what hurts the most was that he was mentally ill, schizophrenic, and I took care of him. I reminded him of his meds, made sure he made and went to his appointments. I knew what would cause an episode and did everything to try and make them happen less so he would be happier. But he didn’t want to help me. I was struggling, work was so much, my family was a lot, I couldn’t handle getting out of bed, I was angry at myself for anything and angry at the world for everything. I’ve struggled with depression, self harm and ideation for a while and well he never was there to listen. He acted shocked when I called him begging for help, I didn’t want to die I just don’t see a future where I’m happy ever. Especially without him, I know what ur thinking and no I didn’t threaten to kill  myself if he left me. I think it finally clicked that he and the future we were gonna make together was the only reason I was alive.