My boyfriend and I have been living together for 6 months. We were living with my dad and we owed him a bit of money for rent. So he was working a new high paying job, talking about how we were gonna get caught up so fast and get our own place etc. well he gets his first big paycheck, says he’s going to visit friends, and then ends up staying the night, but the next day he completely ghosts me. I knew he was trying to end things when I saw him posting online. He didn’t bring any of his stuff, I told him if he wanted it I needed to hear from him, he needed to call, otherwise how would I give them to him? He never called. I had to throw his stuff  away because I had to abruptly move in with my mom bc I couldn’t afford our rent. But I was heartbroken and desperately called him for 6 days and finally he answers. Says he does still love me he just couldn’t handle paying rent to my dad anymore. I’ve thought, people make mistakes, I love him and I know he’s a good guy deep down. BUT I KNOW HES NOT. HES A PIECE OF TRASH. If he wanted to be with me like he said he did he wouldn’t have left. Well since we’ve been talking again, we have been back together and he has been saying the same stuff he always had said, that he wants to be with me forever and get married. I was so relieved to know this didn’t happen because he fell out of love with me. But he had to have fallen out of love with me or else he never would have done it. He also says he will make more effort but still leaves my messages on read. He purposely ignores me, because I am not his priority so he doesn’t make a point to respond to me. The clear answer to my problem is: FUCKING DUMP HIM!!!!!!!!! But I can’t because I do really love him. He is not the one for me he does not deserve me he is literal trash yet I can’t stop thinking about him and I still love him and care about him so much. But he doesn’t give a fuck about me or this relationship at all, even though he says he does. Why do men say that shit when they so clearly don’t feel it. Why waste both of our times. Idk what to do I don’t want to give up on him but I’m sooooo sick and tired of this. I know we’re not meant to be and it’s not going to work out And most importantly I know he is a piece of shit human being if he would abandon me like that and still flat out ignore me. I know dumping him is the right thing but I can’t let him go