I am sorry if this is a bit long but I am minutes away from going to find his ass until someone talks some sense into me! I am a (22/F) and my partner was a (23/M). We met around 2 years ago and instantly fell in love, moved in together basically within the first week of knowing each other (I never left his place), and eventually moved into another apartment together. The bond between us was so strong, like a Beatles love song I promise. I still swear we are soulmates. I gave him everything I had when he was struggling in life, (my car, free rent, countless rides, money, support, etc). He seemed appreciative of all of those things at the time, but never really reciprocated. However, I did those things out of love not because I necessarily expected anything to that degree in return.  We got along so well, besides some reoccurring issues in our relationship that caused bickering and sometimes intense arguments. (This started 6 months into the relationship, when he started training intensely for his hobby). I was diagnosed with BPD before our relationship, and struggle with regulating negative emotions.  Now before you judge and stereotype me, I am not a heartless soul who uses people to fill my void, paint them black/etc, I am just intense emotionally. I will admit when I get angry I rage and say very mean terrible things I don't mean, or when I feel hurt I cry loudly which can irritate people who aren't equipped to handle it. He always did things to upset me like not spending enough time with me (because of his intense hobby he trains for daily), not try to understand what upsets me or how I work, made broken promises of "trying better next time",  not communicating, etc. He seemed to pick his training/friend group over me. There was at times lack of affection, unless it was on HIS terms. A lot of the time, he was never able to be punctual for our plans or ignored my texts whenever I would start getting upset with him. Whenever I would get upset over something he did, he would invalidate my feelings and use excuses for his behavior. He is very immature, unfortunately so I would try to tell myself that in order to move on from being upset about his behavior. I have waited on him for months, like a puppy at home, taking care of his laundry and our place because of his busy schedule. I am an introvert, and don't have many friends so I spent a bunch of time at the apartment. Despite all his crappy actions, he did show signs of happiness when we DID have time together and I know he loved me. Well just a week ago, there was a final argument about him coming home late from hanging with friends and not letting me know what time I should expect him home, which bothers me when I stay up waiting for him to come back to our place! He said he could't handle my intense emotions, anger, or crying anymore. That my controlling behavior was too much for him, and it has to end. I understand I have been controlling, but I had told him simple things like "if you could let me know when you plan on being back home, that would be great!" and basically telling him what is pushing my buttons and how to diffuse the situation. Most times he would ignore his promises of trying to be better and continue to frustrate me. Personally if he were to just take my feelings into consideration, I feel my controlling behavior would've backed off and I would feel more at ease. But he was terrible at communication which sketched me out a lot, even if there was nothing to be sketched out about! Anyways, he kicks me out of our apartment, cancels the new lease we were about to sign, and I move everything I could fit in my car. I am a wreck, and I text him over the next few days and get minimal responses, that he needs space. So I calm down, however my furniture is still in the place! I text him to let him know I plan on moving into the new place regardless if he is coming or not, since I am now homeless. He replies with anger and blocks me on EVERYTHING despite him saying he'd never do that. I am confused?  I have reached out to him on texting apps, my friends, etc nothing. He only will reply to my mom if it is about arranging to pick up furniture. I do not understand how someone you lived with for two years could just delete you from their life like that. I can't help but feel used, disposed of, and like our entire relationship was a lie. I know by his actions as I described, I should've left his ass long ago, which I thought about but I felt if we tried to work on our problems things would get to a better place....however they didn't. I am an emotional crisis, willing to risk stalking him or showing up at our old apartment just to try to get face to face interaction. I feel like I was stuffed into a jar with the lid closed. I have so many more things to talk to him about, however he doesn't want to hear it. I have no idea what is going on with him but it hurts, he was my best friend, we went through a bunch in just 2 years. I am not looking to beg for him back, just end on better terms. He had mentioned before all the blocking if we spent time separately and worked on our selves, we could maybe be friends. Seems like this is out the window now. If anyone could share advice, my parents are afraid I will get myself arrested if I go over there and harass him to talk to me. I just can't let go.