Im feeling heartbroken and a nice comment would make my day right now ❤ I left my ex 11 months ago because he was treating me like he didnt care about me at all. I tried to speak to him but he didnt change. So eventually I felt like I had no choice but to leave him because I felt like I deserved better than that. But in the first few months, he was absolutely the perfect person.  He was outgoing, sociable, kind, funny, cute, attractive, just everything you could ever want. But he changed. After the breakup, I was severely depressed and I have been thinking about suicide ever since. I tried but I could never get in touch with him except 5 months later he added me in a group chat with his cousin and when I asked her why I was in a group chat with him, she sent horrible messages to me so I got scared and blocked them both. I am so desperate to go back in time and just make all this never happen so we could be together forever. I loved cuddling him and watching a movie, holding his hand as we walked down the street, having sex, having a laugh, just everything about him I miss. It's not possible to get back together and it breaks my heart in tiny pieces. Everyday my chest feels heavy with pain and I cry and cry and cry. I loved him and I would have done anything for him. I should have been more patient but it's too late and he is gone forever. Going through this experience has made me realise how terrible life can be,  and what pain it can cause. I have since been in online relationships, moved to college, made amazing friends, got some new hobbies, got a new dog, been travelling, changed my appearance, got my first job, reached out for help. I feel like I have tried everything and nothing is working. I just miss him too much and my life is pointless without him. People tell me to love myself and give myself happiness, but I miss spending time with another human being in such a close and affectionate way. It's not the same being single, and I havent met anyone since. I feel so so lonely and undesirable. No one has even flirted with me or had a crush on me since even when I have tried to be approachable. I'm scared I will never be in love again. I'm scared I will miss him for the rest of my life. I'm scared I will never be happy again.