three months since it happened, since she ended things. the gut-wrenching initial heartbreak is over and all i'm left with is my love for her. i've had a few opportunities to move on, whether that being a new girl or just meaningless sex, but every time that ends with me just thinking about her. after some mutual resentment following our breakup we recently reconciled, but in the slightest meaning of the word. i apologized for things and explained how our breakup has impacted me. and it has impacted me, in a huge way. i've learned to love myself and have found a confidence in myself that i never thought i could have. she said she was happy for me and that he hopes i can continue to cultivate my own happiness. but despite my self growth i find myself still deeply in love with her. i tried so hard to get her back after we broke up but it led to nothing but resentment. and now the reasons she ended things are a thing of the past but in her eyes i'm sure she doesn't believe it. i'm sure i'm just rambling at this point but what i'm trying to say is that i just love her, in the deepest meaning of the word. i loved everything that came with her: her family, her friends, her insecurities, her flaws, her smile, her love for others... everything about her i loved. she made me think about my future in a different way. i feel as if we were just together at the wrong time, i wasn't ready for such a great thing. now i feel like i am but i'm conflicted. like should i just let her continue in her life without me or should i tell her how i still feel. i don't know. i want what's best for her but i always come back to thought that we were what was best. the reasons we broke up stemmed from my poor mental health, but before that took a toll on our relationship we were perfect together. we were what love stories strive to be. i don't want back what he *had* because that is something that can never be regained. i want to start a new chapter with her. i want to see where our relationship could go when we can both give it our all. if what we had before was so good there's no bounds to what it could be now. i just don't think she thinks the same. i don't *need* her in my life anymore, but i *want* her. i want to have a life with her. i want her