Biggest rant of my entire life please scroll. 2 years of you being my best friend, the love of my life. two years of opening up about my deepest darkest thoughts and you combatting every negative in my life with your love and care. two years of you being the safest person i can think of and the one i go to with everything. two years of wanting to help you as much as you’ve helped me. i can’t count on two hands the amount of times you’ve saved my life just by calling at random hours of the night, the countless times my skins remained clean because you thought of me. two years of memories and mistakes and experiences and opportunities we’ve been through hell and back and we’ve stuck out the toughest situations. two years trying to comfort you and conform to your feelings and make sure you’re okay. i’ve watched you build yourself in the strongest person i’ve ever met and i’ve watched the crash. i want nothing but you to be who you were 6 months ago and to love your life the way you did again. i wanted to be there for you when you worked through this and i wanted to love the person that came out of your struggles. the worlds in a global lock down, i’m never going back to school or seeing my friends again, i haven’t seen anyone in 3 months. just last week i was telling you that i’m alone, and i haven’t been feeling alive and nothing is right and that i’m thankful for you being in my life and i need you more than ever. lastnight you called me crying, that you don’t want to do this but it has to be done. you kept telling me that you love and care about me but if you had the slightest bit of feeling you would’nt have done this. i ended up having a panic attack, i couldn’t breath i couldn’t think, i think i passed out. my nose started bleeding and my tears began to sting more than they ever have before. you stayed on the phone through it all. you just listened to me cry and listened to me pack 2 years of a relationship into a box not any bigger than 1ft in length or width. when ever i calmed down to talk i broke again. you kept saying you care about me but how could you care about someone if you’re listening to their reaction of their entire world collapsing. i didn’t want to beg you to stay but the thought of ending the phone call and us being nothing made me feel like i deserved to break my ribs. i’ve done nothing but be the best person i can ever be for you ive done nothing but stand by your side and let you grow. in under three hours every moment we’ve spent was thrown down the drain. when the sobs and pleases turned into sniffs and dry breath you decided it was finally time to end the call. i told you i’m afraid of myself alone, not to guilt trip or to make matters worse but because i needed you for an extra five minutes and didn’t want to do something i’d regret. i needed your voice and your comfort. i didn’t want to beg you to stay because there’s so much in holding onto, there’s so many memories i wanted to make so many plans i’ve had for us, so many things i wanted to do. you planned such a beautiful future and i’ve always looked forward to day we can move in and the day i get to run into your arms and don’t have to pull back. you’re the most perfect person i’m ever going to meet and everything hurts. i told you i want to do this in person i don’t want to throw away two years over the phone during a global pandemic but you insisted our relationship isn’t going to get better. I tried i’m sorry you couldn’t put in the effort. you said don’t block me on everything but i said i have to, you said why. i asked why do we have to break up. you couldn’t answer me. you started your sob spiel and tried getting in last words and tried thanking me for showing you what real love feels like, if you meant any of what you said how could you leave it like that. it doesn’t make sense. you said you’d text me in the morning i said don’t bother because i’m not going to be there for you anymore. you behave your sob spiel again through tears and tried telling me you still care and don’t want me gone form your life forever, i said don’t do this then. you insisted and began you spiel. i said stop and you didn’t so i hung up. i wasn’t going to sit there and listen to what you’ve had to say because in under three hours you’ve managed to break me beyond anyone’s repair i didn’t care to exchange last words. you called me back. i blocked your number. why should i continue to conform to your feelings and torture myself more. if you cared so much you wouldn’t have left, you would’ve worked to a solution, you wouldn’t have even considered this being an option. you wanted to trade back our things because you didn’t want me to throw out everything you’ve given me. what do you want back, the flowers, the hoodies that don’t fit you, the cat plushies ive held everynight because it was as close as i could get to holding you, do you want the movie tickets the stupid rocks that are sentimental to me because it was from a place we shared. i don’t want my shit back, i don’t want back everything i’ve given you im just going to throw it away. if anything i’m going to burn them. the hoodies i’ve given you, the crafts ive made you. it’ll smell like you, it’ll remind me. i want no part of you in my life anymore. i don’t want to be your friend i can’t. i’m not going to torture myself and follow you on instagram and send streaks on snapchat. i’m not going to keep expecting a text one night to put a bandaid over all of this and try again. It was a relationship or nothing and i told you that. not to be mean or to make you choose but because i couldn’t live with myself if you were still around me. I will love you for the rest of my life, you’ve impacted me ways no one else ever has and the hole this will leave couldn’t be filled. not with another but it has to be filled by you, No one can replace what you meant to me. thank you for the past 2 years, i wish we could’ve had more.