he broke up with me. he was my first love. meant the world to me, we spoke of the future often. a unique attraction and a beautiful mental connection i never expected to find with anyone. we had our hard moments, but our love always seemed to persevere. he had severe mental illness, ups and downs, and regular patterns of mood instability. i tried my best to help him through and emotionally support him. we had just spent the day together before he did it. it was a beautiful day. the next however, shattered my heart. he did it through text as well; to this day i have not seen him. it was done horribly, he broke my heart without a reason why. he then proceeded to send me hurtful messages throughout the span of the week when i chose not to respond. continually. all i wanted was a real conversation, that’s all i was asking for. i never acted out emotion, i maintained a clear head and talked to him maturely. we had some scattered conversations following this, as he seemed to cool down when i attempted to give him things to consider from my point of view, while still not giving him a reaction. a few days go by after we mutually block each other agreeing it was the end—when he messages me off another facebook account. he asks for a friendly farewell. this was all i was trying to do the whole damn time, so i was slightly irritated. he said we both needed it. i know i did. but did he? or was it for personal gain? that’s all i was asking him for the whole time, an adult conversation. even when i begged him to the first time, drove out to his house, and he sat in my car for 10 minutes and told me “you’re not my girl” before leaving. i cried for at least an hour, just asking him for one last hug. i don’t know. his words feel weak and cold now. they used to feel so secure and warm. we speak for a little through more fb messages, i reason with him, and we conclude. i thought this was it. the next day, my cousin tells me he texted his ex, who she is still friends with. his ex is in a new relationship in a new state and has no feelings towards him, apparently he told her he was ‘sorry for the way he treated her and hopes college is going well’. really dude? alright. this was the last straw for me after trying to keep my cool. fuck you. i know what your excuse would be: “ i wanted to start fresh, so i had to seek forgiveness from everyone i feel i have wronged in order to properly heal and change”...whatever the fuck garbage ass bullshit. nah. that shit is low to me. like what???? the day after we breakup...you message her apologizing for some shit that happened over a year ago. i don’t know. i’m fucking pissed when i start thinking about this shit again. he did me dirty as fuck. dude i’m heartbroken and depressed as hell but also mad as fuck and nostalgic over the times i feel i’ll never experience again. i miss him so fucking much. this is so painful. the light is gone. it feels like the sun burnt out. he meant so much to me he had and has no idea. i think music is the hardest part, we listened to too much. it all reminds me of him. i am so upset and so hurt. none of this makes sense to me, i wish i could wake up from this nightmare. everything is painful.