She was one of the first loves in my life. When she broke up with me it sent me through some hard times, ones where I was sad a lot. Sometimes thoughts of her would unexpectedly creep into my mind when I didn't even want them. As life pushed forward so did I and eventually things started getting better. The thoughts of her had come to me less and less and eventually they had ceased altogether. It had been a long time since I last thought of her when I received a friend request from her on Facebook. It confused and excited me all at the same time because the last time we had spoken to one another she had said that she didn't want to hear from me ever again. Did this mean that things were better between us now? Should I start speaking to her again? Maybe we could meet and catch up. But then I thought, why? Why would I want to do that? That would probably undo all of the healing that I had worked so hard for to achieve. Shortly afterwards I was cleaning my apartment one day, sorting through junk that I no longer wanted or needed, when I found something from her. It was a gift she had given me for one of our anniversaries. A deck of cards with writing on the box that said "52 Things I Love About You." On each one of those cards she had written down something she enjoyed about being in a relationship with me. I was perplexed to see it again, I had thought that I discarded any memorabilia from our past relationship, and yet here it was. I didn't even remember why I kept it. So instead of just throwing it out I decided to open it up and read them. While some of those cards were uncomfortable to read, most of them did something else. They made me happy.  Those cards were a token reminder of a wonderful time in my life. They gave me hope that one day I would find someone else to share love with and we would make our own great times, just as I had done with my ex in the past. It was a past that I didn't regret or have remorse for, and I hoped that she didn't either. So that's why with the letter I had sent back to her that exact same deck of cards, with the less comfortable cards removed of course. I don't expect her to read that letter or even look at those cards, but if she does she'll know why I sent them to her; for closure. To say, "Hey, we had a past together and it's unfortunate that it didn't work out, but that doesn't mean we should harness bad feelings towards one another. I'm grateful for the good times that we could have together. We've moved on with our lives and gone separate ways, but if those paths were to ever intersect again I would hope that we could reminisce about the good times that we did have, and revel in the ones that we are having."