I am not going through a breakup, i am actually in a happy relationship for 5+ months now. Before my current relationship, i had been in a LDR for 3 years. Very on & off, constant toxicity from both sides. It finally ended, but I had already "grieved" the relationship while we were still together FOR MONTHS, and yes I did make sure to communicate to him about it when we were still together, but he choose to ignore it. So once the end time came, I already was over it, slight emotions but overall wasn't inlove or attached anymore. That ex is now stalking me on all platforms available. The only platform I really "post" on is twitter & he is constantly checking it. A month after we broke up, he started "twitter drama" with me, threw a lot of shade, & spread a lot of lies. I addressed it only if people asked, overall i pretty much just blocked him & everyone who associate with that bullshit. Lost a few "friends" along the way as they were "playing devil's advocate". I am very happy now & he still continues to stalk my accounts & throw shade at me. He tries to say he's happier & how I was a "terrible gf" but also goes on to say he is still in love with me a day later on his social. I do not pay attention to him, I know this information because of close friends who see it. I have him blocked so I know that the only way he could see my stuff is if he GOES completely out his way by searching it through the internet or using another account. Yesterday was my boyfriend's birthday so i posted stuff about it & my ex's bestfriend commented under it, I know that he probably saw it & told her to say something as she wasn't blocked. I used my boyfriend's phone to check if he posted something about it & of course he did. I just simply blocked her and made a new account as I am tired of him social media stalking me. I made it very clear I wanted nothing to do with him as he wasn't a very good person & i found out he did a lot of stuff behind my back, such as talking to females that we had both agreed was causing a problem in our relationship, and cheating. I don't know if there's anything I can do, but I am very happy now & I don't want any of that unwanted anxiety in my life. I just wanted to get this off my chest & if anyone can give some advice, would be greatly appreciated!