 Hi, so this might be a bit long (I hope someone reads it all). I was with my ex for a year and it was pretty emotionally abusive which took me a while to realise. (For the record i was 17-18 and he was 21-22.) This was my first ever relationship and I pretty much fell in love with him straight away, I had never met someone i clicked with so well. We had a really good start for about 4 months, and then he kissed his best friend, he said it was a mistake and she kissed him while they were drunk at a party. He seemed really apologetic so I forgave him. This was where everything went downhill, a short while after this he said he wanted a break because he didnt think he was ready for comittment and wanted to see other people, but insisted he wanted to keep me around because he loved me, this broke my heart of course, but he did infact keep me around. I ended up becoming a s\*x doll when I think about it in hindsight, I watched him flirt with other girls and still treat me like his girlfriend, get angry when I was upset about it etc. I know a reasonable person wouldn't of put up with this but I was insanely in love with him and couldn't imagine life with him gone, so I stayed in the hopes he'd end up choosing me again. We did end up getting back together, but I didn't trust him anymore, because in the previous time he lied all the time about girls and I always found out and he'd continue to try lie to me. In this next period of being together he would say small comments that would really upset me, tell me to work out or be commenting on other girls apperances (He rarely complimented me) We ended up breaking up again, I can't even remember the reason anymore, and the same thing happened again, got back together you know the drill. He basically kept me around while he tried to get another girl so he had me to fall back on. Now I get to whats happened now, which is the worst thing hes done and I think I actually hate him. I stayed with him during quarantine since we were dating at this point, he broke up with me in the start saying he wasnt ready again, but continued to kiss me hug me etc. He started talking to an influencer on instagram who i wont name because she has not done anything wrong to me. To make a long story short I ended up going home because I found he had a perverted instagram while we were together, sharing lewd girls talking about how much he wanted to sleep with them or be with them, that hurt so much lol. So I blocked him about 3 days ago because he wouldnt even open my messages but was publically interacting with the instagram girl loads. I ended up messaging him because he was sharing posts about this girl on his own instagram, for the record he never posted about me and said i was overwhelming him if i asked him to, but could post about this new girl twice in one day. I asked how he could be so horrible, and he said he wasnt going to date her. Well, they actually are dating now, he even wrote her a love song titled her name, he never did nice things like this to me, and i dated him for a whole year, hes known this girl less than 2 weeks. I feel like my hearts been stomped on, he moved on so fast, he probably doesn't even think about me anymore, and I realised I really was probably just a backup for him. I loved him with all my heart, I did everything he wanted and I always tried to make him happy, I feel like I am not enough anymore. I was never good enough to be shown off or written songs for, and I got ditched instantly for a prettier girl. What if nobody will ever love me for who I am? I don't know what to do I can't stop thinking about them together.