 So here is the situation. We broke up mutually on good terms because work and far distance was becoming too much. I initially threw the idea of breaking up out there (March 17) because neither of us were able to put in our best effort to make the other feel loved and it had become and ongoing issue for about 3 weeks. We didn't officially break up until about a week later (March 26) btw he is the one that initiated the actual breakup. When we broke up it had to be over the phone because of social distancing and at the end of the phone call my now Ex told me that he loved me and I said it back even though we were officially broken up at that point. We agreed to be friends and talked everyday for about 5 days after the breakup. During those 5 days he even told me that he missed me and that he was sad over the breakup. I told him I was also very sad and that I missed him too. Then we both went silent for a week with no contact. On April 7th he texted me and asked how I was doing. We casually texted a bit and then he said "You haven't reached out at all". I explained to him I was focusing on my little sister who I have to help with school now. The real reason deep down is that it is hard and painful to talk to him right now. We casually texted a bit more and that was it. So today (April 12) I reached out and told him "Happy Easter :)" and my message didn't say delivered. So I checked Facebook and Instagram and sure enough I cant find any trace of him. He blocked me. He also blocked my mother on Facebook. Did I do something wrong? During our relationship he told me that he dosen't block his Ex-Girlfriends and was still friends with them on Facebook and following on Instagram. He made it a point to say that so why would he block me? He really disliked his most recent Ex, they had a pretty messy breakup and he didn't block her, but I have done nothing wrong so I don't see why he would do this to me. Also thought I should mention that I never post on social media so he dosen't see me in his feed. Please tell me why you think he would do this. Am I in the wrong? I really wanted him to still be apart of my life but I am still healing right now. This hurts. I don't know what I did to make him block me. Please share what you think.