This is totally random, i haven’t thought of you in a awhile but tyler said something about my story and then i watched cold case files , and I don’t know i think you would enjoy it, and I was listening to “I Know It’s Over” by The Smiths and i just reminded me of something , and I saw some Tommy Bahama stuff and omfg it’s awful and it reminded me of when we hung out, but I know you said you don’t wanna talk and that’s acceptable. Tbh the reason I said I thought we should get to know each other more was because things just haven’t been the same since December, like I didn’t know how to talk to you or get across to you, but you don’t owe me anything and I accepted that last month. And I know that me texting you constantly was suffocating you with constant attention, and it must’ve been so depleting, but honestly i was just doing what i would do when we would be a thing, because you didn’t give me any indication of what i should do, which makes sense because it was an unorthodox situation . And I’m sorry for all those nights I spilled my emotions and made you deal with it. And the times when we argued I think I just lost my patience, not with you but with people in general and i guess in my state of anger I took it as you taking my love for granted and me being too good for you, but that doesn’t make sense and i was just subconsciously dealing with my anger at other people by just shoving my emotions in your face, which was counterproductive. I think the reason I still wanted to be in your life was because i was afraid of losing the first person who made me feel what love was and I knew you didn’t want me and I didn’t want you, i was just scared of losing someone meaningful to me. But I wish you had given me a little bit of time to respond to you before you blocked me but it’s okay, I just wish you the best and hope you’re good and hope you’re happy. Maybe we can be friends in the future, I think we could do it if we tried, but you’re right we do need space away from each other and actually be apart, maybe we’ll someday grow but rn we need to not think of each other and focus on ourselves, I think maybe things would’ve been different had i not been selfish and constantly texted you since we stopped talking talking, maybe by now we’d be good friends, we do have things in common and would talk about those things when we were exclusive. And you know I’d do anything you asked me to, im not in love with you but there’s still love for you katie , we’re just both fucked. And yes i didn’t want to say goodbye because i knew it would hurt and it did but I’m fine and according to Tyler you are too, this is needed. And I’m sorry if you thought I was hung up on you, like the posts about crushes and relationships weren’t about you after December. And I know I was being petty but Katie I swear to god most of the shit wasn’t about you because you’re not the center of my universe, there have been other girls before you and girls after you. But I hope you have a good time katie and be yourself you aren’t thinking about me and I’m not thinking about you and don’t let stress and fear hold you back just be stupid and have fun but be safe, you don’t owe anything to anyone but yourself. And if we’re meant to be in each other’s lives in the future, it’ll happen.