So I've had my switch for about 3 months now and I recently bought one of the GameCube style controllers for it. I really love the way it feels and controls but upon my initial test with it on botw I found that botw's controls and the button layout on the controller weren't very compatible. At least in my case anyway. So I set the controller aside for the time being and have been playing botw like crazy, mostly in handheld form (my favorite way to play on switch). Well, today I was going around exploring some areas I hadn't explored yet, fighting mini bosses, gathering spirit orbs, etc. when my switch died. In this instance it died as I was seconds away from turning in a quest. Usually when my switch dies I just let it charge and resume play when it gets a decent charge, but I wanted to turn the quest in before setting off to sleep for the night. So I dock my switch grab my pro controller and finish the quest. Then it occurs to me, "hm, maybe I can Remap the controls so I can play with my GameCube controller." So I go to options and spend several minutes trying to find where I can remap the controls, but I don't see any such option. I go through the menus several times just to make sure I'm not missing anything. Nope didn't miss anything. Then I thought, "maybe you can only do it through the title screen menus?" Nope. Not there either. So, finally, I just Google it, figuring I just missed something or that there was a weird way to set it up. Low and behold you can't remap the controls (aside from the jump button). I find it all very annoying that there are no options for complete button remapping or at the very least a few different control schemes to cycle through. It's especially frustrating because I was really looking forward to using the GameCube controller with a new control scheme to spice things up. Not to mention I bought a Zelda themed controller for this express purpose. Does anyone else have a similar problem or am I just a noob for not being able to get used to botw controls on a GameCube controller scheme?