I am so utterly lost and confused right now. I feel so alone. I broke up with my boyfriend last month but took him back a few days later because he said he’d changed. I don’t know, I love him, but sort of feel nothing for him. He screamed at me a few times yesterday for no reason. I am so sweet to him too... Sometimes, I think a little too sweet, perhaps foolish. But, I no longer take his crap. This is why he’s been getting so mad lately. I don’t yell at him or say hateful things like he does. I never have. I just stand up for myself now.  Anytime he would be needlessly mean, I would actually feel as though I’d done something wrong and would apologize to him for literally no reason!The first year of our relationship was probably the worst year of my life; he seriously ripped into my heart and soul calling me the most horrendous names in a drunken stupor. I would just stupidly sit there and take it, telling him that I love him and that I was sorry for not being what he wanted. I would rub his head and comfort him after being seriously shattered into pieces. He’s been through a lot in life, so I felt bad for him. I obviously realize now that that isn’t an excuse for the way he treated me, but yeah. He is one of my brother’s best friends. I was in helplessly in love with him for years before we actually started dating. I guess I’m a hopeless romantic, which screwed me over. lol. I felt like we were literal soul mates and that the universe was perfectly aligned so that we could be together. My love and longing for him over those years was actually what had confirmed my belief in God... He didn’t date me until his girlfriend finally left him. If she hadn’t left, I doubt he would have ever chosen me. I think about that a lot lately... He did not turn out to be who I thought he was. The sweet, deep guy I had fallen for ended up being a total lie. He would secretly talk to me and flirt with me whenever he’d come to my house to see my brother. He could actually hold an intelligent conversation unlike most people I knew at the time, and we had so many meaningful talks. He made me feel special. Boy, did that change... It’s been 3 years that we’ve been together. The last two have been good; he actually changed a lot after that first year and stopped making me cry all the time. He became loving and affectionate, but I have a feeling it’s because he’d molded me into someone I’m not, into someone who doesn’t “talk back” and doesn’t hang out with anyone but him. I very rarely saw my girlfriends and they all thought they’d lost me. I probably saw each of them 2-3 times over a 2 year period. Craziness. Anyways, these past few months have been transformative for me. I’m finally reaching an understanding of myself. I know what I want in life and I’m ready to work towards my professional future. I want to be without him, but it’s tough. We live together and I do care about him. No matter what, he’s moving to Boston in the fall for grad school so it’ll be over by then. If we break up any sooner, which might very well happen, he would be the one who would have to move. That’s one of the main reasons we’re still together; I feel bad throwing him out. I guess we’ll have to see what happens. Sigh.