I was so sad yesterday, it hit me out of nowhere it’s been nearly two months. And it’s been a week no contact (would have been longer if my ex didn’t breadcrumb me last week) I hated that I was so sad, the stress from all the lose and all the changes I have to make alone got to me, missing everything I had got to me, and I got nostalgic about my life and the partner I had. You need to remember that is not who you know anymore. Get angry, let the emotions out. Don’t care over everything that you remember and miss. Get mad, you were devastated they left you, their actions continued to hurt you. Get mad, get it out and process them. Take your time to get through it, take your time to hate them, take your time to get through the bullshit they put you through. They failed to put in the work for you, they hurt you, they left you, you have been wronged. You have a right to be angry.  Don’t let their bullshit blind you either, remember this time is about you. If you have plans to forgiving you can’t do it with you’re still feeling things like this, while you’re still hurting. Don’t take their feelings into consideration, be selfish, they hurt you. Mine stated they want to be friends. I don’t want to be friends with you, you don’t get to pick parts of me you want (if you want to be friends with yours and think you can, more power to you) block them on your social media if you haven’t or they haven’t. Or delete the apps. Don’t go looking at their profile, the happy little selfies will either make you sad or they’re make you where I am: furious. Fuck them for what they did, but also fuck them for not being affected by the situation the way you are. You learn so much about someone from their actions. Don’t sit there being sad constantly, it’s okay to be sad it’s okay to cry, but it’s also okay to be mad also. People say not to be the angry ex. FUCK THAT. Be pissed off for awhile, you know the things that they did that were wrong, your situation is your own. Get through your feelings. Don’t let anyone tell you how to process this and to stifle yourself. It’s okay to feel like you hate them, it’s okay to still love them, it’s okay to be indifferent, it’s okay to cycle through those feelings. Your heart is broken and your mind is all over the place, you’re trying to process what you’ve been through. Process it so it doesn’t affect you later. Even if you think you still might want them back in the long run, you need to get the anger out. You can’t forgive someone if you don’t go through your feelings. But just like the sadness don’t live there. And don’t let it turn you into a person less than who you were. Use the anger use the sadness and grow from it. You got this. Let’s drink some wine and bitch about our exes, it’s so much better than sitting there crying about it.