My ex with ADHD broke up with me 2 days ago and it was not mutual. We were gonna reach our 3 months tomorrow. In the beginning of the relationship we were okay. Had tiny ups and downs but we made it through. We had a goofy relationship and i loved that. When I was sad he would comfort me by giving me tight hugs and his shoulders to cry on. Things were going great until quarantine happened, even though we facetimed eachother everyday, not physically being together was difficult. Then problems started happening. I missed him even more and wanted his attention more but I didn’t know how to tell him. Because we’re stuck at home, all he did was game all day. My messages were always on delivered and my snaps were ignored. I called him and tried talking with him about this issue and he’d improve the next day. He’d give good morning calls and would text me to check up on me throughout the day and facetime me at night until he fell asleep. But then the next day it went back to square 1, being ignored again. The first time this happened, I planned to go to his place the day(I just had to see him again once during this pandemic), before he suggested to take a break because he didnt feel like he was ready for a relationship. I went to him, made every minute with him count. He then said that he didnt want to take a break anymore because he couldnt fully let me go. Later that week, the previous problems occurred again and I got frustrated and talked to his mom. She told me what i should be aware of, and things i shouldnt do because of his condition. Our conversation hit me and i was determined to work things out again with him and talked to him sincerely. I wanted to fight for us. It seemed like he heard me out and understood my point. Then the next day I called him a couple times (I assumed he went to the washroom because he doesn’t ignore my calls) to check up on him. He picked up the call, and yelled at me to stop calling him because he was losing in his game and hung up. Later we call again to talk about us, how we can fix it. He said he’d forgotten what I said the night before, because he was tired. I tried to tell him that we can make this work but he couldnt take it anymore and ended it. Just like that he gave up on me. I’ve been constantly crying ever since and talked with a lot of my friends about it. Then one of his friends told me because they didnt want to hide it from me, that right after breaking up with me he downloaded datings apps and started talking to someone new and got her number already. He was serious when he said he wasn’t ready for a relationship but after finding this out it completely broke me. He told me before that he wanted me in his life forever. Now im lost and just fucking depressed. I’m only wondering why he did what he did.