Please give me some advice, and just a warning: this is a lot to unpack. My FH had this groomsman, let’s call him M. He has known about our wedding for over a year, as my fiancé and I have been engaged for about 2. My fiancé asked him to be a groomsman, and for his daughter to be our flower girl. He has barely responded to any of my fiancé’s calls or texts, and never got measured for his suit rental. His brother B is also a groomsman, and has already gotten measured. That being said, we were also giving M the free suit rental since my fiancé bought his suit. He still maybe answers or responds to my fiancé once every 3-6 months regarding our wedding. We had to replace him in our wedding party with his other brother, J since M had been so unreliable. B and J came to visit us this weekend, and M calls J. J steps outside to take the call. He comes back inside and tells B to talk to M on the phone. We find out that M just proposed to his girlfriend/baby mom, E. Something doesn’t sit right with me and FH for some reason. It’s cool they got engaged, but something seems off about the whole thing. We go about our night, and my FH talks to M’s mom, A. A says that they are wanting to plan their wedding for a month before ours. I get irritated, because of course it HAS to be before ours. To give some context, E is very controlling and M doesn’t even really talk to his family much, despite living in the same small area as them. E also likes being the center of attention and since everyone is so excited about FH and I’s wedding (which again, has been in process for about 2 years), I feel like she badgered M into proposing so they can be the center of attention before our wedding. I’m annoyed but there’s nothing I can do. A couple days later, M calls my FH. My FH talks to M and says he’s happy for them, and also lets him know that we had to replace him with J in the wedding.  M tells my fiancé that it’s okay because he now has to get fitted for a suit for his own wedding, and that him and E are now looking at a date that is 2 weeks before ours. At this point, I’m just done. We have worked so hard into planning our wedding, and making it everything we have wanted. And now M and E, who just got engaged 2 days ago, think they can pull an entire wedding out of their hats in less than 7 months. I already told FH that I do not want anything to do with M and E, nor do I want to go to their wedding. If he goes, that’s his decision. I just feel like their engagement and now wedding plans were a stunt, and that their current plans for a date were calculated to be malicious. B feels the same way as I do. A talked to my FH today and said that M is going to try to get a hold of him again soon. My FH thinks M might ask him to be a groomsman at his wedding. I personally think my FH should turn down the offer if that’s what it is. Not only has M been so consistently unreliable through our whole process, but has also really hurt my FH with it. I’m not going to tell FH what to do, but I am going to let him know what my thoughts are. How would you all feel about the situation? Would you feel the same way? AITA?