So here’s the story....I had recently bought a brand i-5 9600k cpu to replace my old i-5 9400f. Not a huge upgrade, but enough to be on the same level as my also brand new RTX 2060 super. I was setting down my pc flat so i could replace the cpu and take out the old one. I took off the intel stock air cooler and wiped the thermal paste off of it, took out the old cpu and put in the new one. I replaced the cooler and plugged everything back in and turned on my pc. The pc turned on and the fans were spinning and the LEDs turned on, but there was nothing on the screen. I was confused and expecting it to turn on and pull up the windows password like it always does but it didn’t. I looked at my motherboard, which is a mZ390 a-pro, and saw that the EZ debug led was on.  I was expecting it to be a problem with the cpu since I had just put in a new cpu and I couldn’t guess what else it could be but the light was on “DRAM”. I didn’t understand why the ram was the issue and I took them all out, put them back in, put them in one at a time and none of them worked, in any of the slots either. Just to make sure it wasn’t the new CPU in the first place and the ez debug led hadn’t messed up i put the old one back in, but it still did not turn on. I asked my brother to try my ram sticks in his pc to see if they would still work, and they didn’t. They were all dead. Then he put his own ram stick in my slots and that didn’t work either. So my conclusion is that somehow through static electricity, somehow it killed my ram and my ram slots on my motherboard. So the cpu upgrade became a disaster for me and now I’m going to have to buy a whole new set of ram sticks and a motherboard, and with fingers crossed it didn’t kill all my other components as well. We tried resetting CMOS and all of that by taking out the bios battery and shorting the jumper on the motherboard, but nothing worked. Does anyone know if there’s anything I can do before I go and buy a whole new motherboard and ram sticks?