A lot of blue collar labor jobs as we call them have a serious mental health issue that isn’t addressed because of that super scary phrase “toxic masculinity.” I think I know where toxic masculinity stems from but that’s a topic for another time. Construction was the number one industry of suicide last year. A lot of shade and things that will lower a persons self confidence are said daily on jobs like these under the disguise of a joke in all male work environments. I say this from experience and I’m ashamed but self aware enough to admit I’m probably one of the worst at degrading co-workers and friends but as a “joke” so it’s okay right? No, as I get older I learn more and know less. I’m learning just how easily manipulated our minds can be by these quick comments that we don’t think much about. I call it SUBCONSCIOUS PROGRAMMING (probably nothing new I know I’m not special.) Some of my words and phrases are “trash bag” or “what’s up dick?” Nothing super rude, something interpreted as goofy. Truly in it’s intent harmless but not so much in it’s outcome. I’ve seen these subtle comments bring down the morale and confidence of my many brotherhoods I’ve been blessed to share. Unfortunately some of which I have ruined with my “jokes.” I tried something different though, I started trying to keep my same sense of humor with uplifting jokes and names for people. It’s weird, it’s an adaptation for me because politeness doesn’t have to be disguised as a joke. It feels good you don’t need to coat it with humor, but humor is all I’ve known it’s how myself and many others survived our unique and troubling pasts so it’s hard to learn a new way of life rather at age 23 or 53. Breaking bad habits is hard, but very achievable. I started complimenting my friends and co workers, truly making the effort to change myself for the better and I gotta say at first it felt “corny” and uncomfortable,  kind of faggy if you can excuse my language. It was weird but in a couple of weeks that uncomfortableness was covered with joy of seeing people happier and feeling better about themselves. The environment is better, my life is overall better, everyone’s mindset is better. It made me feel like I had this power to dictate not just not the mood of the room but even in these peoples personal lives. I saw improvement everywhere. The joy is even greater in my own life. I think it can really only take one individual with a strong enough presence to reset the unhealthy ways of life we’ve comes to accept as okay under the ideas of “tradition.” I did this without making these people aware of what I was doing that’s the crazy thing. I don’t want the feeling of having them know I do this because I feel people behave differently than normal when they feel they’re apart of an experiment. On top of that I feel that things like tradition or pride gets in the way of our growth if we are aware our way of life is being changed. We fear change, even if it’s good. I’m guilty myself of choosing comfort over the unknown. We have to outsmart these problems by recognizing their origins. That guy insulting you isn’t doing so out of hatred, that is such a simple kind of dismissive word. In a lot of cases it’s just all he’s known. It’s that desire to belong to a group within a man. He will compromise who he is to feel safe within a group. So much that he allows his own mind to be manipulated into a hateful place. You win by not letting it break you, don’t let yourself go down that dark path. No matter how many times you’re insulted or kicked while you’re down keep on being polite and complimenting your fellow brothers. I think you can change a persons mindset without them even knowing you’re doing it. Which can be used for something righteous like helping them find peace and happiness. Okay thanks for coming to my ted talk byeeee