What I went through in my final 2 years of primary school (I'm english btw) weren't as bad as some stories out there I had quite a bit of problems. My class of 30 was split into sort of 3 friendship groups 1 being the main group of girls 2nd being the main group of boys and the 3rd (my group) with my friends (guys but not very manly although not being gay sort of act a bit in that way) and some of the girls who were nice to us and I would hang out with some times. So my friends and I being quite neeks (as they'd call us) unathletic and all that were picked on by the other boys. They would make fun of us quite a lot and ruin alot of our final year at that school. We had loads of different trips one in particular being our residential where we would do alot of team stuff and fun scouts type stuff. My group was great I had my 3 best friends but one of the boys who up until 2 years earlier was my best friend was in our group. He wasnt too bad but the fact he betrayed me and became like that lead me to not like him. Despite this we were still kind to him. On our way to an activity I overheard a different boy (who was really not menacing at all due to him being a foot smaller than me who was an average size for my class) saying he was sad he wasnt in my group because then he could either shoot me with a bow or an air rifle. Air rifles despite not strong enough to penetrate skin if shot at you would seriously bruise you and could mess up your eyes for good and shot lead bullets that if it entered your system would kill you. I once got in a 'fight' that had been building up the whole school day. My friends and I were really into minecraft like huge fans and them being stereotypical 10/11 yr old boys loved fortnite. The entire day they'd constantly interrupted us and were asking why minecraft is better than fortnite so we said our opinions on why we preferred it but they wouldn't accept this. They bought other classmates into this and on the walk out of school they were mocking us by making minecraft villager noises. One of the boys was getting up in my face and pushing me a bit so I shoved myself into him to push him away but he shoved me back straight into a windowsill. I then tried shoving back and hit his friend who said stuff like "you wanna go mate" I said nothing but pushed him away. He then of course pushed back and to try and escape i ran into the bathroom. I pushed myself against the door to stop him from getting in but I'm not strong or heavy so he slammed it open we then were pushing each over into walls him having the upper hand and it hurting quite a  lot i began to cry. Our teacher broke it up but this didn't stop them and they even made fun of me for crying from pain! The constant mockery from them took a big toll on me and one of my friends mental health leading to him having no self esteem and me having a low one. What made this worse is on constant occasions my friends and I had reported this to our teacher who's likes and dislikes were the same as those kids and he did nothing due to them being his favourites. Because of this verbal abuse and not having anyone to help me with it I developed 2 ways of coping with it either insulting myself with them which lowered my view on myself and insulting back. This insulting back and having trust issues from my friend betraying me led to a few fights between me and my friends them talking about my selfishness and not being a good friend and also this insulting back despite being in a new school now still remains with me but my friends there understand I dont mean it and I'm thankful for that.