So basically my whole life I’ve had weird shit happen to me and my family. When I was 2-3 living in my grandparents house my touch lamp would always suddenly turn on out of nowhere in the middle of the night. My family changed then plugs thinking it was electrical issues but it still happened. Eventually they changed the lamp. It still happened. To note this started just after my great grandfather passed away a few days before. My grandparents always joked “oh grandad already misses the kids. He wants them to get up and play” he was the type of guy to joke around and wake us up from our sleep to play. Another instance in that house my mother use to sleep in the basement. There’s the rec room and a laundry room. She use to sleep in the rec room facing towards the laundry room and almost every night she’d see a creepy black figure walking back and fourth in that laundry room. My and my brother were never afraid of the dark or basement but as soon as that laundry room didn’t have lights on we didn’t even look in there. We all got bad vibes from it. Another instance was one day in the afternoon my mother was in the kitchen and the stairs to go downstairs is exactly in the kitchen. When you go down the stairs you turn left to the rec and to the right there was a workshop. One day when she was making food she felt like somebody was watching her from downstairs so she looked over and say an old man Walk from the rec to the workshop. My grandpa at the time wasn’t too old he was 48 and she saw a 60-75 year old walk by. Last few things that have happened in that house was my aunt who also lived there had 2 cats. Both of those cats in the basement would always randomly stare dead space into that laundry room or the workshop and almost like a growl just at a wall. Or the room in general. Which in general put off a bad vibe. Lastly when my little cousin was born and old enough to talk she had this little play tent in the basement. Often she would come out of this tent crying that a little boy was “mean” and “bullying” her. She had a bunch of people such as a “Boy” who was mean, a little “girl” and surprisingly an old man who was her friend. Most kids have those imaginary friends but as soon as my cousin starts naming stuff that in her life time wouldn’t have known about it starts getting creepy. Ever since then I’ve moved out in my early 20’s. Even when I stay over in the “workshop” now a bedroom I get creepy ass feelings like somebodies watching me, or like a tapping. My whole life has been full of “spirits” or unknowns. Never had a bad experience just creepy