Ok let me preface this by saying I have watched Bagel for years as I played Summoners War. I have nothing against him and I quite enjoy his content. However, I'm not sure he is completely right about this new drama. Yes what the developers did wasn't right about what they did, but let's think about the flip side of this coin. They are currently dealing with a lot seeing as they are a Chinese company. The whole world is kind of up in arms as he stated in his video. Granted I did not watch the whole thing through and I'll be the first to admit it. Let's just stop and think about how different laws can and are in that part of the world as opposed to the North American which is who seem to be the most upset. I think he was quick to react on this one. They're very busy trying to start up the game by fixing the server issue, adding more content, etc. Not to mention Com2Us has done this to him before so what's the issue? Given it wasn't his exact videos, but it was his likeness and he thought it was cool, so why was this not? I understand this is more forward using his videos and videos that aren't even of their game. I personally find that very wrong and by no means are trying to defend them. Again, I think both parties are wrong. How is Bagel wrong? Well I don't think he understands he could very easily have killed this game. I saw World Wide chat just get beside themselves after the video hence why I checked it out for myself. I just would like to know what everything else thinks? All in all I think they're both wrong. He said he gave them a few days, but you've gotta think about everything they're going through right now. Not to mention laws are different over there and something like this may be accepted over there. They might have even thought he wouldn't have a problem with it since he played and promoted the game himself. They're wrong for splicing videos he made about other games and not even asking permission. So again, what are your thoughts? Did this help you think more about about it, or are you still angry? Whatever the case may be let's discuss it.