Hey man. I just wanna put this out there, bro to bro. I’ve been watching your channel for over a year, since you had about 400k subs. I loved watching your videos, I loved watching you interact with your community and I loved watching you grow, I loved the videos you made and honestly just the fact that you were happy and successful put a bit of love in my heart. You helped me through some terrible times in my life, you helped me through my ex-girlfriend cheating on me, you helped me through abusive parents and you helped me make it through my last year and a half of hell in high school. I can’t thank you enough for that. I love absolutely every single video you’ve posted, and seeing you break down because of your mental health has me absolutely destroyed. To see a guy not too much older than me, after so much success be put down in this position to the point that you had to stop making content hits me to my core man. I want you to know that despite what happened, despite the betrayal and despite everything you’ve put up with and done to get yourself to this point, there is not a shroud of doubt in my mind that you are an incredible person. You’ve made a community like no other here, and you’ve inspired many people (myself included) to keep pushing and to follow their dreams. What happened to you is a terrible thing man, I can’t stand how it happened and the people it happened between. They betrayed you in such a horrible way, and it makes me angrier than almost anything else like this I’ve ever seen. I just want you to know, if you are reading this, you are absolutely loved by me and everyone else who is following you on your social platforms. I know for a fact that you can get through this, and if nothing else, your follower base would do absolutely anything to see this right or to see you happy, to see the man who has done so much for us to be happy again. And if you need someone to talk to (out of your millions of fans lol), then you could message any one of us. We love you man❤️you’ll make it through this shitty year