A doctor wanted to change the world for the better. People lose their loved ones too often. It is rational to believe that death is a part of life, that nothing can be done. The doctor did not see it that way. Death and decay were just another disease that could be cured. She experimented trying everything she could think of to prevent death, but even her most successful attempts still failed. The body kept living, but decay still ate her patients. Failing to prevent death she sought to undo it, death could not be permanent. Research became her only task, bodies must be preserved, decay reversed until the body could be revived. She began to steal bodies that were ideal for her experiments. People who wouldn't be missed, cremated remains were impossible to truly identify, so they were the perfect ones to take. Replacing them before they went to the oven. They could not work, the embalming process stripped them of the vital parts. The doctor was left with few options, and resorted to collecting the bodies a different way. She stalked and killed victims stealing them to reverse what she had done. Still no progress was made. The killing never stopped, but she still could not save them. News reached her of a town that miraculously recovered from a plague. She traveled and interviewed the town figuring out what they did. She found that since no one would deliver food they ate what they could in town. Only one source was large enough and replenished enough for them to survive. A tenticle they found in a cave, they ate from it and it healed and grew back what they took. They kept eating and eating, slowly they all recovered from the plague. The doctor asked to see the tenticle. It was huge. Only half a dozen yards were visible, the rest was submerged in water. She took samples and returned to her home. She began to have success. Death was reversed, her victims returned to life. They were broken, imperfect, like a piece of them was lost when they died. Shortly after the resurrection one way or another they all died again. Their broken minds walked them into danger, but failed to protect them. She failed once more, then realized that they would constantly need to be dosed until all the effect were gone. She went back to the tenticle and cut a section a few feet long and brought it back, she let it grow in her lab, in a few days it was bigger than her. It was time to finish what she started. A vial that was filled with poison was emptied into her, and as she began to die she ate her last meal comprised solely of the tenticle. When she died her body convulsed violently, when she finally laid to rest it seemed like she was actually dead. Mucus poured out of her pores, covering her in a cocoon. Days later she emerged, reborn. Alive and revigorated, youthful and fresh. Over the next year she killed and resurrected her whole town, adults and  children alike. Life was good. The tenticle was allowed to grow unheeded, and it soon became the center of town where everyone would eat all their meals. The tenticle gave them life and health, but what they didn't know is that it was taking from them as well. The bodies it fixed it replaced the broken parts with itself. The people that died were gone, their bodies became instruments of the great one. Skin turned green, hair grew thicker and wiggled on its own, eyes became dark and lifeless. The people were unaware of the changes happening to them, but it was too late. Their fate was sealed. Once control was asserted with absolute dominence the people began to search out for places with the perfect water. They would walk for days, being drawn like iron filings to a magnet to their final destination. Once there, the lost souls would walk into water and drown. Death once again claimed them, and through their death new life was given. For each of them became a seed of a tenticle and grew, waiting to be found and consumed until the world was transformed into a new being.