First time poster, 25F on September 2018 I went for emergency brain surgery after having intense headaches starting from March that same year, I was having moments of spotty vision and fainting spells until I finally couldn’t handle the pain anymore. After the surgery I was given the news that I have a condition called von-hippel lindau, my doctors have explained that it’s a rare genetic condition that also is considered a gray area in cancer its really weird. I have multiple brain tumors that have not yet been removed bc they’re so deep in, I have tumors all over my spine, kidneys and an endocrine tumor in my pancreas. Obviously sense September I’ve had multiple surgeries, a whipple where they opened me up and scraped tumors from my kidneys and removed half of my pancreas, then another emergency whipple surgery because I was going septic, in which I had to get a feeding line a fish net in my stomach after the opening for food closed up it was all a very strange process for me, a couple months later had spinal surgery to remove two of the biggest tumors on my spinal cord and now my left leg is numb, and finally I had a tumor on my face removed. Currently I am under observation, the thing with my condition tumors will just keep growing, I’ve been told that the tumors in my brain have grown a bit and a suspicion tumor has started to grow in my kidney again. I’m scared , I really am. I haven’t told anyone how I’ve really been feeling, being thrown into an institute is the last thing my mental health needs. I’m only 25, what did I do to deserve this? I’ve never been sick before, this is all new. I was able to just do whatever I wanted and go wherever, and now I’m stuck, I get my mother cares but I feel so suffocated, she’s basically taken over my life, I can’t even go to the grocery without her freaking out and starting an argument. I’m so tired, I’ve never felt more useless in my life, I’ve done nothing in my life worthwhile and now I’m going to die just being pathetic and unaccomplished. I don’t have any other family, I just can’t