Hi, Lovely person on the other side. I am not often someone that freaks out or begs, but this is serious. Please at least consider helping me. I am honest to god, a passionate cannabis lover in all aspects and I use it medicinally as well for my psoriasis. That is not the reason I am begging, I am in Vietnam and with this virus, EVERYTHING is shutting down here. The Chinese are fleeing South and the impact has been huge for the last 4 days. It is looking really bad - In about 2 weeks it looks like Vietnam is closing their borders. I am losing students faster than I could prepare and as is, food is a huge concern right now. Students are being told to stay away from schools and I am freaking out. I don't even have money to fly out of this situation to South Africa, my home. Please I beseech you, honestly and seriously. I don't even have money for shipping, I HAVE NOTHING. But soon I am going to be stranded here and yeah, I don't know what my future holds and it is honestly terrifying. PLEASE, I would like to BEG, for the first time in my life, and I have been homeless before, years ago, but now I am tossing my pride, as THIS is the only solution I can see. PLEASE ship me just a handful of seeds! Pretty please. Cannabis is always a commodity I can trade in when all hell breaks loose here. AND MAKE NO MISTAKE, it is coming. I am truly worried. Please at least consider maybe even a FB call so you can see I have nothing, I am in a huge empty apartment that was paid for by the school, but they are worried as schools this side are not reopening yet, out of fears for this virus. Please, I am begging you guys. I really am fearful. I know this is wrong as its at a cost to you, and I have always believed in my power to work through ANY situation life throws at me. But this, it is descending rapidly into chaos and soon I am going to be truly fucked, that is if I make it through this. I am in the North of Vietnam right near the Chinese border, I don't know if you can sense my fear, but I am truly afraid. I don't know what to do, and this is like a hail marry I guess. I really think I am about to become trapped in this country, with nothing. I am scrambling to make some money to at least get food before this place goes into quarantine, but I swear to you. I don't even have a bottle of water in my fridge. People are afraid to learn and this is my trade. I am trying to get an online teaching job, I am trying, but the way this virus and panic is looking here. Man - I think I am doomed. Hence the seeds give me something at least, a tangible asset for the future, I really believe but still hope with every fiber of my being I am wrong.  As a stoner, I hang my head in shame, and ask with my hands held out. Please. Or at least, tell me I am only freaking out and why? I am trying to remain calm, I am trying to be logical, but I am starting to lose my mind by seeing all this around me.