So Cardlin is a familiar, at graduation. And has this inner monologue: 'Hope this goes by quick, I can't wait to meet my witch (used both for female and Male terms) will they be kind? Cruel? Benevolent?  Sadistic? What if-' the principle of the familiar school calls Cardlin's name. " Yes?(pause) My witch is unique, I am unique how?" (Pause) "My-my soul-soul ma-mate?! Really?(pause) It-it hasn't been seen since the time of the white fae queen and the dark warlock king. So what-what happens now?(pause) Her address and letter, my soulmate and witch's address. Y-yes I'llI-I'll go."(long pause and walking) inner thoughts: '24, 25, 27 ah here it is, hard not to miss it, her house is practically doused in magic and wards. A pentacle hangs on her door, okay Cardlin..... breathe.....breathe and *ding dong* (sees her for the first time) oh wow, she-she's gorgeous and small compared to me, oh she's powerful her magic aura is such a pure white... so lovely' "Hello, are you this person? *hands over letter with her name* Yes? Well, my name is Cardlin and I-I'm well your familiar and-and, heh, your -your soulmate." (Pause) "Yes were are entwined and destined, since before the beginning, a union like this has never been seen since the white fae queen and dark warlock king. I would assume we are descendant of them, may-may I enter you home. *she steps aside* Thank you.  inner monologue: 'her home is small but nice I feel her essence and magic around me and it smells *sniffs the air and shudders* it smells like-like.....home' "him? Oh I'm alright, just your magic is everywhere and it smells... soooooo good. The letter explains what we have to do to for our bond, may-may I look around, I promise not to touch anything." (Pause) "oh I can? (Pause) Are you sure I can help myself to your food and drink? (Pause) you are kind love *realizes what he said* oh-oh I'm I'm sorry (pause) you-you don't mind? Then can-can I call you other names? (Pause) Like? Like, darling or sweetheart or baby? Are-are you blushing? (Pause) Hm? A question? About what? (Pause) oh, you give me something that has your magic on it and I will give you this *pulls out a perfectly round purple gem on a chain* this is my signet in a way and it'll symbolize that you have a familiar and are being courted (pause) yes *laughs* courted, or dating if I'm correct in the terminology? Yes, dating and your gift to me will symbolize the same for me.(pause) wh-what oh this-this was your grandmother's ring? Are-are you sure I-I don't want to- *gets cut off by a kiss on the lips* wow-wow I-I *kisses again* I like that *notices hold chain with ring on it* you're sure? (Pause) ok, how let me just *puts necklace on her* there, hmmm i like it on you, please never remove it unless bathing or sleeping? (Pause) yes-yes I'll do the same with yours, I promise. (Pause) Another kiss, I think I can oblige my lovely witch, my baaaaby. *kisses* Mmm, this is going to be a good thing, I can tell (pause) you too? Hmmm I'm glad, now come here I want to know those lips as and you better" kisses fading off*