I have been working for this multinational company for over 9 years now and 8 months ago I was asked by my manager that the company is moving me from a position of Sales and Marketing Coordinator to the new position of Sales Executive. Although no changes in salary or perks were promised but since it was one step higher in position ladder, I was glad to take on this new responsibility. A number of customers were tagged under my name and I am responsible for handling their day to day affairs including sales and collection. Once the changes were in place, i started asking my manager why there was no announcement about my new position from the HR and each time he’d tell me it’s “under discussion”. Fast forward 6 months and the HR still hasn’t announced my new position. A month ago I sat down with the HR manager and asked him about it, he tells me that as per the HR policy a change in designation can’t be affective until and unless there are any changes in JD and those changes have to be approved by the line manager, department manager and then the local HR and although my new JD has been updated and signed by my line manager it’s still under discussion between the department manager and HR and my line manager hasn’t pushed neither of them enough to approve it as a result HR still considers me a Sales and Marketing Coordinator, which is rediculous as there are customers tagged in the company’s system under my name, i have been claiming expenses under this new position without any problem. Here’s the funny thing, until the day I discussed this with the HR manager, my fuel expenses and other  expenses pertaining to my new role were being reimbursed without any objection but from the very next month HR started objectifying my expenses as i was not eligible under my previous position and the HR doesn’t recognise my new position. It has been 8 months now, i keep nagging my manager but every time he pressure me into focusing on my sales and dealer development and “leave the rest on him”. I want CG to advice me on how do i go about this now that i can not even charge the expense and HR won’t announce the position. How can a company expect an unrecognised, unequipped and extremely demotivated employee to go out there and sell its product?