so I just recently graduated (december) with a double major in Psychology and Political Science w a 3.0 GPA. I really love Psychology as I love studying human behavior and what drives us to act certain ways. I love Political Science because I love learning about how I’m right (or wrong) in my beliefs. I feel very very strongly and passionately about social justice and civil rights issues and have always wanted to make some kind of difference in the world and most importantly be a voice for those who have been systemically oppressed. I love reading, writing, public speaking, debate, etc. When I talk about an ideal/dream job, I’m not sure that it exists. What I would love to do would combine all of these interests/passions of mine and allow me to study Psych research (I don’t rly want to go to grad school for psych to conduct the research myself - I find conducting studies and writing research papers tedious and boring, however I do love to read scholarly articles to learn ab the research being conducted) in order to better understand how humans respond to political news, what methods can be most effective in delivering non-biased and non-polarized political and systemic FACTS to the mass, and then work to inform/enlighten Americans about the way people are impacted by a broken system without seeming “radical” and being brushed off as crazy. basically I want to study human behavior and then based off that, deliver facts that will help americans clearly see the broken system we live in and impact the way people approach politics and demand positive change. I know he’s incomparable but I’ve always wanted to be like a MLK of some sort. I know I have strong values and opinions but can see things very objectively from multiple angles and I just really want to make a positive impact in the world and right now I feel like I’m in just a period of my life where I’m doing nothing to work toward that goal because I can’t seem to find a job that makes me excited or calls for me actually doing anything I’m interested in, let alone this combination of it. if you know any positions that might be similar to this or have any advice as to what companies to even start looking for that would be amazing. I am 22 and truly am willing to move almost anywhere to do work that is meaningful to me and makes me feel fulfilled in my purpose. thanks i’m advance :)