I graduated in December 2019 and had an internship at a tax firm that started in Jan 2020 and ended 2 weeks early due to the pandemic. The managers were going to extend the internship offer to all interns to April 15th and Eventually permanent full-time offer. That promises went down to drain when Trump declared national emergency on Friday, March 13. Then on Monday the 16th around 9am. My manager called me and told me not to come to work and that the company had decided end the internship and retract any offers that they mentioned. I had to meet up with my manager in Wholesfood's parking lot to return my badge, work laptop, and keys. I still have some stuff left on my desk in the office but they wouldn't let me retrieve it until the office is reopen. While I am unemployed, I have applied to multiple entry level positions and to every staffing agencies and had a few interviews, still I didn't get selected. I applied to unemployment compensation and the process took over a month for them to send a letter that says I got denied because I have insufficient working hours and income. For the past 2 months, I haven't earned any income and I have to use my saving to pay monthly bills. My aunt who raised me after my father passed away from cancer a few years ago went through a nasty divorce is currently struggling financially and she has to take care of her 2 children. I watched my aunt's friends got their unemployment benefits, I have friends that are working from home or received paid time off without working from home. Every night, I don't go to sleep until 4am or 6am because I keep worrying and overthinking that I'll never get a job. I applied to nearly 20 or 30 companies so far and had at least 6 or 8 interviews but never made it to the last round or get selected. Either my interview skills is terrible or I am competing against100 to 200 applicants for 1 opened position. My biggest regret is that I should've graduated in may 2019 instead of December because I wanted to obtain 150 credits. Now, I am 23, jobless, not eligible for unemployment, family is struggling...I wondered when I will get to smile again. I do have depression and I panick when I am stressed out. I recently started to have suicidal thoughts and I thought that this world is getting too tough to live through and the pain is getting unbearable.