I have a 3.3 as a math major and economics minor at a top 40 university in the US. I have taken multiple computer science classes. I have very good excel skills (like knowing index match instead of using vlookup) but don’t know how to make financial models.  I learned python and java in computer science I/II. Currently I am learning how to make IOS apps in swift.  I am also basic learning machine learning for economics in R this semester. 2 years ago I interned as a performance analyst intern (performance is basically risk) for a large asset management company. Last summer I interned as a business analytics intern at a biotech company. I have already accepted a position as a tax consultant at a big four, despite only taking one class in the business school. I have no intention of becoming a CPA. Because of this, I know I can only last 2-3 years max in the big four. I am only graduating with 120 credits whereas you need 150 credits to become a CPA.  Therefore, I would have to spend a year getting my masters in tax just to be able to be eligible pass the CPA exams. This seems unrealistic considering I will be working 50-80 hours a week. Also, it seems like a useless degree that considering that the big four only care about the CPA and nobody outside of tax cares about a master in tax. I can’t justify the cost and time considering I don’t have a passion for tax and only accepted the job because it was a good starting salary with a good reputation. I had barely started my application process with other company’s so I accepted. I figured I will at least get good training while I figure out what I wanna do. I could also make connections with some of my clients who will mostly be in financial services. After spending all this time grinding through upper level math classes, I feel like I should at least do something relatively fun or interesting with it. I could shoot for investment banking but I’ve never taken finance courses, and it’s no guarantee I’ll like it. I could maybe see myself working on the financial planning side of biotech but I have no experience. I liked being at a biotech company that had a groundbreaking drug that helped people, but im not going to try to get a PhD in biochemistry or anything like that. I was always much better at math than science but think it’s cool/interesting. I don’t think I have nearly enough of a science background to get into engineering. I’m into sports so any job in that industry could be interesting but i would have to accept much less pay if I can even crack into it. I know the basics of a lot of programming languages but don’t think I want to become a full time software developer. I’m good at coding but I’m not the type of person who lives to code. There’s also no way I want to switch to something like audit in the big 4. I also considered being an actuary for a long time and studied for the first exam but decided I was not interested in it. I used to do a little construction and dont want to be a project manager. I have a lot of skills, can pick things up very fast, and have a great work ethic. I know i will give it my all no matter where I am, but as the reality of working 60-80 hours is hitting me, I am realizing I would much rather work that hard towards something I actually care about. I think i could be pretty good at tax because I like navigating complicated systems and problem solving. I could potentially see myself being self-employed in the future, or at least find ways to generate passive income. I don’t mind grinding long weeks while I’m so young especially since I’m getting paid decently well. But I feel like other then the big four reputation this is a dead end job and I need to figure out an exit plan. I want to go all in on something but don’t know what. I know a lot of things I don’t want to do but can’t find anything I really do want to do.