I decided to finally change the oil myself in my 1992 Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera S. I used the recommended filter, drain plug gasket, and Castrol GTX 10W-30. The process was very easy, but I did encounter an issue with the oil filter. It is in a difficult spot, so I had to twist it off and lob it over the front axle. I then drained the oil and replaced the gasket. I prefilled the filter about halfway up and lubed up the ring. Then I spilled some oil from the filter when it fell sideways while trying to put it on. It did not spill much as it was half full. I put the filter on, then screwed in the drain plug. Added four quarts and turn it on and tried driving in reverse off of the ramps after removing the jack stands. It would not go in reverse, I just thought that since the ground was slightly damp, the car was having trouble with traction. Nope, I forgot that the emergency brake was on. I left some tire divots in the ground, as I drove about 20 feet in reverse with the brake on. I released the brake and drove around for about 6 miles hoping I did not damage anything. It drove great. I put everything up and called it a night. Got up the next day to drop off the oil and jack stands but it took a second to start. Drove great when I headed back to Autozone, about 8 miles away. I got to Autozone, got back into my car, started a little slower. Then I went to Ace about a mile away and it drove fine. Took even longer to start. I realized that there was a problem. Drove home as I did not want to get stranded and turned it off. Then tried to turn it over again but it would not start. I saw the speedometer move to 30 MPH and drop back down to 0 when I tried again but nothing. Just a single loud click. No cranking, nothing. I have accessories, dome lights, and everything. I hear the fuel pump engage when I cold start. I had a friend of mine jumpstart it, but it refused to turnover. I am convinced that I must have damaged the starting system while attempting to change the oil. The battery did not give me issues, neither did the alternator or starter. I do not have a volt-meter, I also do not know how to change a battery. Any idea on what happened? Any help would be appreciated.