Let me start off by saying that I have never really played the games and don't know much about them but I've been on top of the anime since the beginning. Before this Dracula was my favorite character because he embodied two of my favorite tropes. The first is the subversion of the dark lord archetype, the dark lord archetype is a tall, armored figure that can confidently lead armies, has extremely pale skin and multiple scars, I absolutely love it when a character looks like a dark lord but isn't. A perfect example of this is Kylo Ren or Ben Solo from the Star Wars Sequel Trilogy, the writers very clearly trying to invoke the feel of Darth Vader, who alongside Sauron and Voldemort essentially created the dark lord archetype and although Kylo Ren might look like your typical dark lord but he isn't, he isn't some old commandingly powerful figure confident in his power but rather a young man who is constantly lost between the light and dark side of the force. The second trope I love is the omnicidal maniac, this a character for whatever number of reasons want to destroy everything or at the very least don't care if their actions will inadvertently destroy everything. Catra from She Ra and the Princesses of Power is one of my favorite omnicidal manias, during the season three finale where she is willing to kill everyone in Ethetia, including herself just so she could hurt Adora. Dracula was a perfect embodiment both of those tropes. He looks like a dark lord when he is in front of his generals but he is just so sad and he is so lost that he wants to kill off the entire human population and then eventually the entire vampire population by the loss of their main food supply. But now I think because of Hector I enjoy what I like to call surviving cowards rather than tortured evil rulers. Surviving cowards don't always have to be cowards but they are usually the weakest character in the story but they still manage to survive. I feel as if Starscream from Transformers Prime  and Jerry from Rick and Morty. In Transformers Prime (and to be fair most other forms of transformers) Starscream is constantly playing second fiddle to Megatron, trying to take power from Megatron while also being at his mercy. On the other hand Jerry (who is my favorite character from Rick and Morty, yeah I'm a Jerry lover, fight me) while most of the entire main cast gives into Rick's overrated cynical nihilism and applying his meaningless to everything, jerry struggles and clings to his own type of optimistic nihilism where he knows everything is meaningless but he manages to make peace with that fact and even manages to find some semblance of meaning through it, jerry is able to make sure his ideology survives no matter what the world throws at him. I think all of this is why I love Hector now, he is constantly someone. Since the moment he has been introduced he has constantly been tricked, lied to, beaten, tortured, imprisoned and now enslaved but through it all he's still around, he's still alive and kicking and I have to respect that