My thoughts are going to be all over the place. Please forgive me. I just need to have them out. My husband is loving and affectionate and dare I say the sensitive one in this marriage. I say that because we have a very very good marriage and we love being married to each other (for 13yrs! Woo!) He is also mysterious and a very interesting person. We have disparaging levels of intelligence. I was the dumbest kid in my class. He was the smartest. Therefore, I feel like I’m out of his league. He is hilarious. He is a ham. He can draw a small crowd and have them roaring with laughter. He is quick on his feet with funny, witty retorts. He can tear apart idiotic people (that have it coming: e.g. racists, cat callers, etc.) He is secure in his masculinity. I long to be a fly on the wall at his job. He works in a trade. He is so sharp. He doesn’t see me as unintelligent. He loves my sense of humor. I can make people laugh but not as much as he can. I was drawn to him immediately when we met. We worked together. I knew he was out of my league. He thought he was out of mine. People gave him guff when we started dating. They were like “How did YOU get HER?” I was more attractive in my 20s of course :/ I didn’t think I was back then. I still tried to be attractive though. I got rejected by every guy I ever liked up to then so I didn’t think someone like him would be interested in someone like me. I wondered how I got HIM. We’ve been married for 13 years and we have two beautiful little boys. We’ve been through a lot including losing our third little boy to an early miscarriage. He can be unintentionally mysterious. He never tries to hide anything from me. He has absolutely nothing to hide from me. It’s not anything super important that he doesn’t tell me but i feel sort of left out of his life sometimes. Before anyone tells me that he IS hiding something, that is simply not the case. I am not concerned. I just wish I could get past the intrigue. For instance, he’s been wanting to write a stand up comic routine. He doesn’t want to leave his job and follow a career in stand up, but wants to see if he could do it in his spare time, for fun. We don’t exactly live in a city that is conducive for a career in it anyway. We do have a local club that he could perform at, however. He has told me a little bit about it and I love the idea. He once told me he had an idea for a book but would never tell me what it was about. He revealed to me today that he doesn’t mean to be mysterious. His parents borderline neglected him and his brothers (well, things I would consider neglect anyway) in some ways. His mom was a harsh disciplinarian and the only way she communicated was with yelling and would use the phrase “get out of my sight” like, a lot. So that is why he keeps things to himself sometimes. I feel left out partly because I have no mystery after 13 years. No intrigue. Just a boring stay at home mom. He doesn’t think I’m boring. He still loves hanging out with me.