I’m about to get real here. I’m scared. I work in healthcare in an area in a state that had its first diagnosed cases of COVID 19. More specifically I am a radiographer (Xray tech). I’m not scared for myself. I know there is a greater than average risk for me to come into contact with the Novel CoronaVirus. I’m afraid for my family. Surely we get most information in as close to real time as humanly possible so I am up to date on the statistics. I know it is unlikely that my kids could become seriously effected by COVID 19. I know women within the demographics of my wife are more likely than not to only be carriers of this disease as opposed to feeling the severe effects it is possible of. Yet I’m scared. I’m scared that someone won’t follow CDC and WHO guidance and just show up in the ER because they are scared because of the way it is portrayed (I’m not trying to purposely downplay the seriousness). I’m scared that I could be out shopping with the family or  enjoying a nice family outing and someone who is sick is hacking up a lung because they didn’t heed the very public warnings. I’m also scared because as a man I am supposed to protect my family from danger. I know plenty of people in healthcare that face this danger head on, and I am honored to actually be in the ranks and potentially on the front line in combating this new virus, but I am also scared because I fit into many risk factors for severe complications. I’m afraid about how I will provide for my family should I fall severely ill. It hasn’t been uncommon for patients needing an X-ray to completely forget common decency and cough in my face. I don’t know if they think I’ll believe they’re sick if they cough in my (and countless other healthcare workers’) face, but it is a danger. I am a healthcare worker, I take pride in my job and the service I provide, but I am scared. I’m scared because I can feel the buzz (aura maybe) that the world is different. I’m scared because I know human nature. I’m scared because of the unknown. I’m also going to put my scrubs on tomorrow knowing I am helping in some way, however small that may be, to help someone who may need more acute care survive this. Sorry for the long rant and if you read all this I’m sorry my thoughts seemed to ramble a bit, but I just needed to get this off my chest because everyone I work with is either unaffected or just as stone faced as I am. Does anyone else feel this too?