I signed up for 1 class at my local community college (I'm 20) and I'm already sick of it. It's a pretty basic Algebra class but I just have trouble finding the enthusiasm to succeed in the class. I missed one day (due to a breakup, more on that later) and the homework for that day is so confusing to me right now and I don't have the motivation to figure out how to do it. I was planning on studying and doing my homework after work all day, but I just procrastinated for hours and now it's 10pm and I just want to go to sleep. I just kinda don't care, but I really should. I need to be able to find a steady job by the time I'm 26 because I have type 1 diabetes and I need good health insurance. I'm living with my parents right now, and I only have maybe four years left until they retire, move out of state, and kick me out. also, I basically have no expenses since my parents pay for my car insurance, my phone bill, my medical bills, and my mom got me a car. I feel so confused right now and I have no idea what I want to do with my life. just about a week ago, my girlfriend and I broke up. she was actually living with me, at my parents house because her abusive parents kicked her out and I took her under my wing. in hindsight, we weren't ready to live together and that caused a lot of strain on the relationship. so we were together for a year and a half, and she lived with me for about a year. we both have our issues, but one of her issues was sometimes she would get really mean and rude to me for no good reason, and I would tell her that she's hurting my feelings but she wouldn't care until I started crying. only when I started crying is when she would realize what she done and she would apologize to me and try to make it better. this happened over and over again and overtime I began to fall out of love with her. every time I stood up for myself, she would break down and apologize and say how much she hated herself and that I should dump her. a part of me agreed with her, but another part of me loved her and I enjoyed her company and emotional support. eventually, she had another episode, where she kept telling me I should dump her, but this time I agreed with her and we actually broke up. it wasn't bitter or anything, it was actually a lot smoother than I thought, but I miss her so much and I miss the guidance that she offered me. I felt motivated to succeed partly because of her. I feel so low right now about my class and my homework and I've been thinking of just not going to school and doing a more physical job. like learning some type of skill or trade. I enjoy working with wood, but I don't know where to start to be able to make that a career. I also love music and I love playing music, but I don't think I'm talented enough to be able to make that a career. any guidance, ideas, comforting words, or suggestions would be greatly appreciated and welcomed. I know this is just a huge wall of text, but if you read all of this, thank you so much. I needed to let all of this out. maybe I should post this on r/offmychest instead.