I don't even know where to start. I'm 37 years old and I've never felt more unattractive and meaningless. I'm constantly comparing myself to other women, other people. It's not just my physical appearance either, it's personality traits also. I have a lot of female friends on Instagram and you know that I'm the only one without an actual picture of myself as my profile picture? Because I don't like myself. The thing that bothers me the most is I wasn't always like this, when I was younger I wouldn't say I was really confident but I wasn't insecure, I mostly didn't even think about it. I was who I was and that was it and I was good with myself. Now I question everything about myself. Constant media feeding me pictures of friends and other women or even men that are so confident in themselves. I used to think it was healthy to maybe take a nice selfie every once in a while, if I took a good pic, it made me feel good. I haven't "shared" a selfie in over 2 years and any time I think I'm going to try, I hate every picture. Smiling in a picture never happens either, I can't stand any of them. I used to like looking at sexy pics of women because I'm bisexual and women and beautiful to look at, but now when I look, I just end up feeling like crap. I've gained some weight and that doesn't help, but it's not just that, it's my personality. Maybe I'm not funny enough, happy enough, talkative enough, maybe people don't really like because of x,y,z reasons I come up with in my head. Then comes the self annoyance. Completely sickened with myself for even feeling any of this. What do I have to prove to anybody?? I only have to prove to myself that I am enough and yet, even as I know this, it doesn't happen. I'm just so unhappy and indifferent with myself. Being insecure is not attractive. I used to find solace and strength in inspirational and positive messages and thoughts and now they just bother me, I no longer find any comfort in them. I have some other things going on in my personal life that are relationship related and maybe once the inevitable change is made, I will feel better? But I know as well as anyone else that you should never put weight on an occurence making you feel happy ("once this happens, I'll feel better") - it doesn't work that way. I know that what's going on is internal and I need to work on it but I honestly have no idea where to start or how to start. Thanks for listening and any wise words welcome, because I feel defeated.