Long story short I've been seeing this same therapist for about 6 months now. We have had our ups and downs and for about a month I decided to take a break because I felt like therapy was making me more crazy. I then became more ill and have been bedridden for about a month now and I finally decided to call my therapist to schedule a home visit. I thought it would be good for me to talk to someone. I was really looking forward to it, I thought she was too. Our conversation during the appointment scheduling over the phone was great but the actual appointment was awful. When she left I felt 1,000% worse than before. The first the she said to me was "oh my god! You are SO pale! WHY are you SO pale?!" Like dude I'm bedriden, what do you expect? Then she goes on and on about how traffic was so horrible and this time slot is not going to work in the future and it's such a far drive blah blah blah and how she cant believe I used to make that same drive TWICE A WEEK to see her through even crappier traffic. I dont have an income but I do take pride in my possessions, I save up and buy the things I really like and fortunately I have a wonderful boyfriend and a personal care assistant that helps keep my home in order and clean but my therapist really had the audacity to be ~shocked~ I wasn't living in squalor. Saying shes surprised I could have such a decent place to live. IM COMPLETELY BEDRIDDEN, I DONT GET TO LEAVE MY HOUSE. THE LEAST I COULD HAVE IS A NICE PLACE TO BE 24/7. My home is furnished by ikea, amazon, and thrift stores lol it's nothing fancy I just know what I like and dont buy crap items and I take care of the things I own. You really think because I'm poor I'm just not going to care? It just felt like everything was a backhanded comment. She even commented on how my service dog is "no longer" my service dog because I cant leave the house, as if she doesnt do her trained tasks inside the home too? And I honestly thought I was going back to regular weekly appointments but she said she couldnt do that and it would have to be very intermittent like once or twice a month. So that caught me off guard. I just dont feel comfortable anymore. I mean I never really felt comfortable with her to begin with but all of a sudden it's like next level shut down. I dont want to share anything with her. But I also dont want to start over with someone new. Ugh. This turned out to be way longer than I expected, sorry about that. Thanks for reading if you made it this far. If you have any advice or insight let me know. Am I just being sensitive? Should i try a couple more sessions then decide from there? Should I tell her I'm feeling this way? I honestly just want to ghost her lmao.