My workplace, has been closed for three weeks now. I've been at home except for a couple groceries trips for 3 weeks. We have an elderly neighbour who we are greatly concerned about and taking every precaution to protect. Our government is giving us a huge paycheck, for any person who has lost their job, and also for parents who have to take care of their children because they'll be home from school, or they cannot find daycare services. My boyfriend's work up until five minutes ago was refusing to close. He works at a hotel. Yes, reading this makes me feel nauseous too. Our city's been in lockdown for 2 weeks now, and our grocery stores have not been restocked in votes three weeks. We have food but we are definitely in a state of emergency where I live, not only enforced by the government, but realistically in our lives. Up until 5 minutes ago I was crying because I thought that we were only going to get half of the money, and everyone else I know I was literally going to be getting twice the amount of money that I was going to get. This amount of money is going to completely clear all of our debt all of my student loans and help us buy a whole bunch of things that we've desperately needed for the house and my personal health for a while. We're poor. I would like to buy a vacuum m***********, I'm finally getting enough money to go buy myself a goddamn vacuum. That's sad. I have a lot of mental problems, and depression and so does my boyfriend, and we spent the entire morning cuddling and crying together because of how unfair it was that he was being treated like garbage by a company he's work for 4 years with a union that won't support him with a****** owners that think during a deadly virus outbreak that they should be supporting travel. Last night while my boyfriend was at work they made $400. That's not even enough to pay for his week of work. I am so happy right now that I am literally screaming praise God at the sky because we have finally gotten our chance to get ahead. We are to loving hard-working people that have both suffered a lot in our lives and this is something that is going to give us so much happiness. This summer, we going to be the first full flash season of work that I was going to work well, more than full-time. I was so excited to earn money and I was so horribly depressed having to go back on EI especially right before the busy season. But now I'm actually going to be getting ahead in life. My boyfriend is going to get ahead in life. We are going to get ahead in life together, and we are wonderful together in perfect for each other, but this money is going to help our relationship because we won't be constantly stressed out and upset and angry to the core of our being that we can't afford to live. Because I can say after growing up dirt poor, money can buy you happiness. Having food on your table, is called Happiness. Being able to buy clothes and not feel like a homeless person when you go outside is happiness being able to buy good quality food for your pets who you love. That's happiness. To not have to stress about owing thousands of dollars to a bank or your government, is happiness. Knowing that you don't have to worry about getting evicted from your home and living on the street that's happiness. And I'm not going to jinx it by pretending like I'm ever going to find any sort of comfort in my life, but at least we have this little ray of sunshine in our life. Even if it does come out of terrible cost, and getting that money might not really matter, if there's no food on the shelves