As I turn 30 in a few hours, I took some time out today to think about how much life has changed in the last 10 years when I stepped into the 20s. To be honest, I am a bit scared about stepping into my 30s. This is when people start thinking about marriage and buying houses (maybe I am generalizing too much but back in India this happens mostly) but I feel like I still have a lot more to achieve. 10 years ago, I just got into college for my Bachelors. I was unsure what I wanted to do but I knew it had to do something with computers and so I went for engineering. After finishing college (with a bad breakup) I joined an Indian IT behemoth. I worked hard but was very disappointed to find the quality of the work low. Maintaining legacy applications for clients was not the way I had imagined life to be. So after 3 years just before I was about to be promoted I took the jump and came to US for my Masters. Best. Decision. Ever! I rediscovered myself in so many ways. I never knew that I can push myself in so many ways and can succeed. I became more confident. Living alone so many miles away without family made me self aware about my health and time management. Found a few good friends who are no less than family now. They taught me to be more empathetic and enjoy the small joys of life.  As the saying goes, memories are all that remains; I'm glad to have made some good ones. After my graduation, got a job in Chicago. Was anxious a bit at first because most of my friends got placed in California/Seattle. The first few months were a bit difficult since you don't know anyone in the city but there are good people all over this city and the world who'll help you if you ask nicely. Faith in humanity restored big time. Still working on the part to make some friends but hopefully will get there soon. Took a solo trip to Spain last year and it was beautiful. Now since the start of this year, picked up a couple of new hobbies to develop myself further.  Looking back, I am not the shy, nervous kid I was before. My first week in the US, some people called out racial slurs from the back of a car but now I know that there are more good people here to not generalize an entire culture based off of the actions of a few. Dating is a bit hard though but now I have learned to be not lonely while living alone. Hopefully will find someone some day. I just wanted to share this experience with all of you out there. Always believe in yourself and know that you are more strong than you think. Going to start this new chapter with some optimism and faith. Good day to you all!