I’m very tired rn as it is past midnight, but I have been so frustrated about the testing crises in the US. There are two main ways that people will often use to test for viruses, one based off of the genome (PCR based testing) and one based off of testing for antigens, or the identifying bumps on a virus that antibodies latch onto (ELISA based). PCR takes a few hours and is done in big expensive machines, and rn that is what we use to test in the US. As these are not in most hospitals and only at research laboratories, it is far more easy to make money off of them than ELISA based test kits, which are what many other countries have been using to make cheap, easy to use, test kits that anyone can operate. I am not explaining this well so I might come back in the morning, but Singapore finished developing and released an ELISA based kit at the end of February and many other countries have developed their own ones as well (China, Japan, South Korea, Senegal, Italy, and even the US), but they are not used in the US as they haven’t been approved, and US media has only just started catching on to talking about them. They made it seem like 3 hours was the best we could do, ignoring ELISA technology even though it is much faster and cheaper just because it is older, and won’t make as much money (I’m sorry that I am not delving into the minutiae here). It really has been bothering me that for the past few weeks I always hear about the testing crisis even though we could have approved one weeks ago that could have easily been mass produced in the quantities of the millions (hell, ELISA is such a cool process in its simplicity that even I could design a kit for mass production using the resources of antibodies for SARS-COV2 online as a freshman in college, and so could any of my peers). This bugs me so much as this crisis is completely avoidable with proper care given to approving test kits sooner for US use for processes like ELISA. PCR is great, but there is a level of good in simplicity for something like this. ELISA can be just as accurate and could have been distributed at and wide across the US to, at the very least, get more accurate numbers on the amount of cases (although I don’t know if some of the leaders of the current administration would be as into getting those numbers as the rest of us are). Hope someone reads this and can help educate others better than I can at this time.