Sorry for the long post but I am at the end of my rope and would appreciate any advice. We got a new kitten about 2 months ago. The Kitten is about 8 months and almost full grown. The vets dont know how old our cat is for sure but They have guessed 4 or 6. They started out in separate rooms and were curious about each other. When we started trying to have them in the same room it was tense but both of them were able to stand their ground. We were more worried about the kitten than the cat because she was new to the house and we were also told by the humane society that both she and her sister were very timid. However at some point along the line, the kitten made herself comfortable and is anything BUT timid with our cat. She will stalk the other cat like shes going to pounce but usually won't actually pounce. We usually scold her as soon as we see her locked in on the idea and put her in a timeout in the bathroom. She knows not to do it when we are watching her, but the minute I stop paying attention she goes for it. It seriously feels like shes just constantly waiting for her opportunity to harass our other cat. Our cat on the other hand has now BECOME timid and hides whenever the kitten is out. She is comfortable enough to sometimes nap wherever she is hiding but if she is awake and sees the kitten wanting to stalk or pounce at her she will hiss and growl. Which seems like a good thing because that seems to be the closest she gets to standing her ground. When the Kitten does stalk toward her kitten doesn't seem to want an actual fight. IF the cat doesn't run away the kitten backs off, but will puff her tail and arch her back as she backs away. We think maybe the kitten is trying to play but we aren't sure and our cat either doesn't see it that way or she doesn't have any interest in playing. I hate to say it but at this point we just wish the cat would give the kitten one good bat so the kitten understands she doesn't like what shes doing but we aren't sure she's confident enough to do it. Our cat now only comes out when the kitten is locked up. I really love the kitten and shes perfect in every way except with our cat and I would hate to have to give her up but im really out of ideas. Thanks in advance for any advice.