I have a grey tabby cat who I found outside when I was 8, and since then, he's always been my baby. He rarely hissed at me an I can't even remember the last time he hissed at me, maybe 3-4 years ago? We recently got a siamese kitten, and he's been a lot more distanced from me since we got him. its not noticable to others, but to me, i noticed it immediately. he used to always go in my room and beg to come in, and would race me up the stairs, but now, he rarely does it, and when he goes in my room, he stays for \~5 minutes and then leaves, and now he nervously meows a lot, especially when i pet him, he'll meow nervously and a little aggressively, which he never used to do. and, i put him in my room just earlier, and he stayed for like, 3 minutes? he wanted to come out so he walked over to my door, and i didnt want him to leave since i love him and i dont want him to distance himself from me, so i started petting him, and then he hissed. why?? why did he hiss? i wasn't doing anything aggresive. I was much more reckless with him when i was younger, yet he never hissed at me, but when i was gently petting him, he hissed. what do i do? i feel so sad. i love him so much, he's the main reason why i was able to be happy, and i would die for him, but now.... i dont know. does he hate me now? is it because of the new kitten? he doesnt even sleep in my room anymore. i dont know what to do. hes my closest friend. hes my baby, i love him more than anything and i dont want him to hate me, that would kill me. is it just because hes getting used to the kitten? i kept the kitten in my room for 2-3 nights since the other cats were slightly aggresive, so he couldnt sleep or be in my room that often, but now we let the kitten out during the night since the other cats arent so aggresive anymore, but my grey tabby boy still wont come into my room on his own accord. what do i do?? he still sometimes runs with me and plays, but its toned down so, so much. i dont know anymore. is he gonna go back to normal with time? or does he hate me now? is there any way i can get him to be normal again? is something wrong with him? is he nervous that we got a new kitten and that i was paying more attention to the kitten than him?? is there any way to let him know i love him more than anything?