I found the real name a few months back. I found out so many things just a few minutes ago. I knew the name and location of the real person but I didn't know as much as I know now but that is still not a whole lot but it is enough. This person did not reveal anything to me at all and would always cut me off when I would voice my suspicions. The thing is this person kept coming back after cutting contact with me. Wouldn't let me be but now it's been a while and I am happy that I found things I did today. Because if someone can lie about something like this for years and years then I don't even want to know them. I even saw their real face today. I would have found him attractive if he was the kind person he played when I first knew him. Not the same race but that never mattered to me. The personality is disgusting. This person gas-lighted me so much. Put on a facade of being a great person and telling me how trash of a person I was. Oh how that means so very little to me now. The hurtful words that he said about me used to have weight to it but now they don't. I know that they are toxic and only meant to use me and others that they called a friend for amusement and to pass the time. Well who knows maybe they revealed their true identity to people that really matter to them. They don't matter to me. I honestly wanted to message this guy. I wanted to tell him all the things I wanted to say. No doubt he knows the pain I went through already. I wanted to say how it would have helped if he told me the truth himself. It would have made me not hold onto something that I thought was even a little bit real. I want answers. But I know that trying to get that from someone who constantly gas-lighted me and made me feel like trash even told me I was but also made it balanced by trying to encourage me to do things. I guess they were trying to help me move forward by giving me resources and things to move on but it really would have helped if they told me the truth. Well I hope you all take care of yourselves and stay skeptical. If they have nothing to hide they won't act shady PERIOD