I have been struggling recently to realize what to get rid of this Lenin season however that changed very recently. A few weeks prior I had a little debate with a guy who had some complaints with the Catholic Church on YouTube. I felt like I made great points in defending my faith and he was convinced on what I said. I felt really confident on what I said and I guess I felt like I could handle any conversation. That mindset I had totally changed when I reached a post about Catholics on Reddit. I have never seen so many toxic people talk about the Catholic Church in such a negative way before. But since I felt great about my last encounter, I decided to voice my opinion. I tried to be as non biased as possible and tried to relate to them as much as possible(partly because I didn’t want a negative karma) so they might see that we Catholics aren’t that bad. Well everyone reacted to my comment with such hate and so many people tried to back up their claims. I was overwhelmed but kept trying to voice my opinion. Even though I had gotten a lot of negative karma, I tried to persist and be a good example. This failed and it seemed to be getting worse. I finally left it alone for awhile because I couldn’t handle them all at once. I didn’t delete my comment because I wanted to show that I wasn’t backing down. Later I looked back to see the negativity has grown around my comments. I felt grief in that so many people could have so much hate and misdirection. I felt like my comment didn’t help anyone and it probably fueled more hate for people to bash on. I deleted the comments and tried to separate myself from the toxic community of Reddit. My anger turned into sadness as I thought of how many people are like that in the world and how it’s impossible to change everyone and that they’re long gone. I even started to think about their comments and fast reactions to mine which made me even more sad. After awhile it wasn’t just Reddit but social media in general what made me sad just thinking about the platforms and the people behind them. I tried to get over it and be strong and to cleanse myself of the hate. So I decided to get rid of the things that hold so much toxicity. Is there any advice anyone can give?