My family has this cat, Ember, or Emmy. She is a really sweet cat but she had these things about her that just raise questions with my family. When we first got her everything was fine. Then around last year my other cat started getting sick Emmy started peeing on clothing or anything really that was on the ground. She started peeing outside the litter box. Literally a foot away from it, and in our living room literally right in front of us once. She still does this and we have two other cats now and four litter boxes and they are cleaned regularly. We couldn't find out why she was doing this. That isn't the only thing, at night if all the lights are off downstairs and she doesn't see any of us she will literally scream until someone will yell out "Emmy!" so that she knows we are still here. At the beginning we thought it was sweet. Then we thought she might be deaf which isn't the case because she stops screaming after she hears one of us respond. Then we just assumed she might have been abandoned from a previous owner. Also she will sit in a spot for literally hours. Sure many of you will say that is a normal cat thing. She takes it to an extreme she will sit, not sleep, in a spot for hours on end and when she is literally starving she will got to the food bowl that we always have full of food and out for them. You can literally feel almost all of her bones in her body. This worries me the most because it might cause her physical harm. That isn't all, you know how cats will run or walk down stairs fairly fast? Well she won't. She will step on a step very carefully with one paw and then she will put her other front paw on the same step and then go down another step. Then there is the cat tree. So a few months back I bought this 6'5" cat tree for all three of them. My other two cats loved it they would play and sleep on it very regularly. She wouldn't even go on it. When she did she went on the lowest house it has on it which was about a foot off the ground. My family thought of this as a huge accomplishment for her. With many cats you know how they like to look out windows and such. She has never admittedly looked out a window in our house to see what was going on outside, once our backdoor was open and she sniffed the air once and walked back into the house. I thought this was peculiar at the time but I'm not sure if it was a normal thing or not. My family needs to know if she needs special care or not. My sister fiance said that if we took her to the vet they wouldn't do anything other then give us a 300 dollar bill to tell us she is weird. I'm not so sure, the only problem I have is she peeing on our carpets and things, she has ruined a spot in our upstairs living room because of her not going in the litter box, I even bought these 50 or so dollar plug ins that are supposed to help calm cats and lower they're stress levels. Those plug in's didn't seem to do anything so I'm not sure if it was a stress thing. Please help me understand if my cat needs extra help.