I felt the need to post because I’m feeling hopeless and frustrated right now. Idk if it will help but I don’t talk about feelings with the people around me that much and sometimes it’s good to just get some things off my chest. I’ve noticed a lot of people talk about ME as something that’s forever (and there’s nothing wrong with that). For some reason I’ve never thought of it as a chronic sickness even tho everyone has told me it is. I have a pretty severe case, needing help to do everything including eating and toilet visits. But I haven’t been sick for that long compared to others (3,5 years) so maybe that has something to do with the case. Even tho It’s impossible to imagine that I’ll ever be healthy again, I still have always thought of this situation as temporary. I don’t know if that has been a good thing or not. Ever since I was a little kid I’ve always been very independent, ambitious, worked really hard and never settled for less. And I still do that even tho I’m very sick. When I look at what I want to do with my life it’s almost like I forget that I’m sick and haven’t been to school since I was 12. I think about wanting to go into the army and become a soldier, and maybe after that moving to another country and become either a lawyer or an astrophysicist. I’ve become a dreamer especially after ME took away my “do-er”. So anyway I had a FaceTime meeting with the school I am supposed to start this autumn and the school I am supposed to go to now. I’m 16 so I’m currently in 10th grade and I was supposed to start a three year high school this September. They wanted a meeting to tell me my opinions and they kinda crushed my dreams a little bit. They said most people my situation are able to finish high school in 5-6 years so if I’m lucky I could do that but then I’d have to become A LOT better then I’m now. I now it’s shallow and silly to care about school when your this sick, but I used to have so many big opportunities waiting for me. I actually used to be quite smart, being best in class and having a little bit too big plans for the future, compared to now that I’m a dumb piece of bread with the knowledge of a 7th grader. I can’t help to think about where I could’ve been if I just didn’t get this stupid sickness. I felt like I’ve been holding on to a fairly tale so I would feel like there’s something left for me and wouldn’t kill my self. I didn’t realize how this sickness will effect the rest of my life. And it’s not just about school. It hit me when they talked about that I never have to have P.E ever again that I may never be able to workout again. I feil so stupid, yesterday I was talking to my cousin about that I will use next school year to become healthy and try taking some online classes and then we could move to another country next September and get away from this city we have been through so much shit in. I just feel like life never will get better and that I will be sick forever. And even if I am lucky enough to become healthy, my life still feels ruined. I think I’ve just been in this bobble where this situation is so horrible it doesn’t feel real. I totally forgot about the outside world and that ive lost the opportunities I used to have. I know I’m so privileged but I just wanna have my old life back. I don’t wanna be the wheelchair kid. I don’t wanna have this dark past. I don’t want this life. I just wanna be happy. I feel so angry at myself for feeling these things! I’m probably one of the luckiest ME patients that even have a school that cares!