So i was reading a lot of threads in this sub to try and pinpoint what was wrong with my chameleon. she was very young. i only had her for a few weeks and am wondering what went wrong. i came home from dinner with the fam and saw her sleeping on the floor of her terrarium. i immediately pan5icked, she was very lethargic and seemed to have a hard time breathing. she then did what looked like a big stretch and flopped over. ambient temp was between 75 and 80, humidity was a bit down but around 50. she ate crickets dusted with calcium but didn't touch them for a day. i have a dripper for her to drink out of which i have seen her use. i misted multiple times daily, have a fogger set up with a humidistat (thinking it malfunctioned because i had it set at 70%). there is a uvb and 75watt heat lamp set up on timers to simulate natural conditions. at night the temp dropped to 65 degrees at the lowest and the humidity would bump up to about 80% and drop a bit as the heat lamp kicked on. upon reading a lot of posts throughout the internet i misted her and placed her on a warm damp towel (not thinking the issue was dehydration as her eyes weren't sunken in and she seemed to have healthy skin). she had labored breathing and wasn't responding to any physical touches etc. her eyes were squinted and her mouth was slightly open. we had good times together hanging out and i would like to get another one but do not want to be the cause of another chameleon passing away. i did extensive research, talked to some enthusiasts and thought i was doing everything right, so i'm reaching out for a third opinion to see if there is something i did wrong or just got bad advice. it was really nice having a little buddy around and now i'm afraid to try it over again with the same results. her living area had faux plants but i did wash them thoroughly and she seemed fine eating and drinking while she was there. I did not acclimate the climate prior to her living there so could that have had something to do with it? all opinions and knowledge appreciated. thanks in advance.