The title pretty much says it all. Racism is a large problem in our country that began with slavery which is still having lingering effects. Racism clearly exists, I am not even remotely trying to deny that. However, right now, in 2020, the way society treats you is based a lot more on socioeconomic class than race. One of the main topics concerning racism right now is police brutality. Police treat poor people like shit. That is nothing new. Videos are recorded of police harassing black people, but I believe it has very little to do with their skin color, and a lot to do with those certain individuals being poor. Basically all of the videos showcase harassment of poor black people. I have rarely seen videos of middle and upper class black people getting harassed by the police. I’m not saying it doesn’t happen, this is what I think from my view point. White people are also harassed by the police, and they happen to mostly be poor white people. “White trash” is a good term to describe them... meth heads, skinheads, etc. The police are afraid of and get nervous around poor people because they perceive them as being dangerous. And quite frankly, I don’t really blame them. The lower class commits the overwhelming majority of violent crimes in this country. If you look like “white trash” you will be treated differently at a routine traffic stop than if you had a suit on and we’re on your way to work. If you look like “thug” you will be treated differently at a routine traffic stop than if you had a suit on and we’re on your way to work. If you walk into a nice store, the employees will treat you entirely based on your socioeconomic appearance, not your skin color. If you look dirt broke, they will eye you down with concerns of theft regardless of race. If you present a clean, neat appearance they will leave you alone. I believe minorities think that people are judging them based on their skin color when in reality 95% are not. Kind of like how fat people are afraid to go to the gym because they think people are silently judging them when in reality 95% are actually happy of their presence. Again, I’m not saying racism doesn’t exist. All I am saying is socioeconomic class plays a larger role in society’s opinion of you. The reason I posted this in this sub and not on trueoffmychest or unpopularopinion is because I know this is my opinion based on what I see, but I am not a minority, and I respect the opinions of those who are and will genuinely objectively consider the feedback of others. Change my view.