We appreciate your efforts to restore the electricity. But we urge you to clean up the roads of debri and leftover wires and other apparatus. Cleaning up the roadways is almost more important than any electricity restoration efforts. We cannot let our roads become prolonged construction sites. Everyday people, people without utility cars, without thick rubber tires of an offroad vehicle, people who are relying on their job to support them and are late, some people who are older, some people who are even disabled, who cannot take 5 mile detour excursions over different terrain than they are accustomed too, people shopping for their families during the cornonavirus pandemic, people who cannot afford delivery services who must go to get what they need themselves, outside of their homes, These people rely on these roadways, rely on them to be ready to drive on. Let your many workers pick up after themselves, use their powerful machinery to clean up the roads for all these people. EPB is not going to work for me at my job, EPB is not going to deliver the groceries for me. Some of us have two or three jobs, which we still have to work, some of us only get 3-4 hours of sleep per night, and we cannot wake up an extra hour earlier just to take a 10 mile detour because you cannot cleanup the road and you have sent police officer after police officer to harass on our journey. We urge you to cleanup these roads, make them clear of debri from line to line. The roads are filled with huge utility trucks, but at least you can clean the debris and give us more space to safely drive. I personally have been without electricity for over a week and many others. Let the roadways be clear and ready to use, before every line is electrified. We do not have government helicopters and planes at our disposal. How else will we get where we are going? Are our clogged roads not a safety hazard which the enforcers of public safety should take priority with? There are many presumably electrified lines that hang very low. Let the lines be safe distance from our cars, before they are electrified. Is our safety less important than someone's ability to use their microwave? If our community is so strong, so supportive, why can their neighbor who knows how to use a barbecue help them with the cooking? We can rely on each other for those tasks, but we require you the government to clean up these roads, to remove all the electrical and tree debri. I personally witnessed two electrical workers using a caterpillar to lift shortened telephone poles. Can they not use this equipment to clean the roads first? We don't all own trucks and we rely on these roadways to be available so we can take care of ourselves.