I was going to write my novel but thought otherwise. I hid a friendship from my husband for over 10 years and he was a male. We would only talk or message. This friendship was talk for a bit then stop talking for a couple of years. Things were going bad in my Marriage and I started to talk to someone. Just talk/ message nothing more. My friends gf and my husband started working at the same store. By this time I wasn’t talking to this other guys anymore because both of us agreed it wasn’t worth losing our families it wasn’t more than talking but it still wasn’t right. My friends gf didnt like me and it was hard not to talk to my friend when he was there for me. I trusted him and told him everything. His gf one day told my husband everything he went crazy obviously I don’t blame him. They talked for hours, days, idk it was a crazy time. She made up lies over the times. That I slept with the guy. That I accused my husband of hitting me. That supposedly I sent my friend pictures of my bruises which was a total lie. That women bewitched my friend or idk if he didn’t want to lose his kid since that’s the only family he had. No I wasn’t honest right away to my husband I was scared of what he would do. He went to “Jay’s” job looking for him. He looked up his address he messaged his saying he would show up at his parents. I was embarrassed. Was talking to someone worth any of this no! My husband looked at my messages every I sent to “jay” was long gone since we stopped messaging for a while. I sent “jay” a message saying to not communicate with me ever again because I was working on my marriage more for the piece of mind for my Husband because like I said werent communicating anymore. I saw “Jay” in the facility while checking out he gave me his business card and told me if I needed anything to reach out. I keep his number we used to communicate via social media before. I never told jay what was happening with my husband and I and my husband didn’t find out about it until April or May. I think the only reason he knew was because my husband confronted him and the facility. Yeah I was scared that happen but I wasn’t scared of what “Jay” would say there was never anything physical I had an emotional affair which I told my husband about. My husband still blames and wants me to say things that didn’t happen. He calls me a narcissist, gaslighter and other things that he has read in forums. But I’m not any of that. I understand that he wants me to tell him every convo, day and time but they were meaning less and things that I remember talking to jay about I told my husband about. I made a mistake and I’m trying to get his forgiveness but he tells me if he didn’t give our marriage 100% why would he now. He leaves the house for week or two. Comes back for months then he treats me bad again and leaves again. I’m trying to be a good wife, better person overall I know I made a mistake but idk how else to get his forgiveness.