I don’t really know what to do, I feel humiliated ,worthless .  He started to act kind of weird and distant , so I thought maybe he was just stressed out w football . However, it’s really heartbreaking because this is my first love and my only love . We talked about marriage and having kids together , and he tells me he loves me every day and how I’m his heartbeat . He is literally my best friend . So one night , I found out the passcode to his phone and went on it while he was sleeping because something deep in me wanted to find something .  I scrolled and found messages w a girl he met up w to “hang out”. He was the one that hit her up , that’s when I started to hyperventilate because I couldn’t believe it . He woke up and asked me what was wrong , and I just started balling . I told him that I knew he had cheated on me , he then began to lie to me for an hour and no matter how many times I told him I wanted to leave to go home he wouldn’t let me because he didn’t want to  “lose” me .  Finally , he admits that he hooked up w some girl and explained to me that it meant  nothing and how it didn’t last long because he knew what he was doing was wrong , and in the end it wasn’t even worth it . He began to cry, and I’ve never seen him cry that hard .  He told me that I was the only thing he had , and that I was w him and supported him when no one else did . He won’t be able to play football next semester and he tells I’m the only person that makes him happy , he cants lose me . He has had confidence issues , and explained to me it  wasn’t  even me that was the problem and it was him .  he has insecurities and his relationship w god hasn’t been right . I’m still in love with him , and he keeps telling me how sorry he is and he’s been feeling so guilty and dirty (That’s why he has been distant ) . I don’t want this mean that I don’t love myself because I do , but I just don’t know what to do . He told me that’s he wants to be better and to regain my trust back and that he’s in love w me and doesn’t want to be with anybody else ? He literally cried on the floor begging me not to leave . What does this mean ? I don’t know if I should work on our relationship , we don’t have kids together so there really is no reason for me to tolerate this . But it’s my heart and deep love that stops me from making the right choice . Someone please help me