My bf and I have been dating over a year. The relationship was going great. I was so happy. We spent so much time together. We went on many dates. Faced time with each other a lot. We had a lot of sex. I thought he was the one for me. But for months The relationship changed. He spent less time with me. We would go on one date a week. We faced timed a few times. We stopped having sex. There was less love. I tried to fix it but my bf would get angry at me and say I'm too clingy. He tells me we spent so much time together before why can't we spend less time now? He's been more focused on work than me. He started to work 5 days a week. He didn't work that long before. He's been asking for more hours. I ask him why don't we have sex anymore. He tells me I'm too slutty. It turns him off. I was shocked at this. I left angry. He later apologized and told me he will make it up to me. He takes me to a nice restaurant as a date. The date was boring. It was just him mostly eating. He told me I can eat whatever I want. It doesn't matter how expensive it is. I didn't care and just ate. He then tells me he wants to have sex with me. I get a little excited. It's been months finally it's going to happen. He lasts for a few minutes. I tell him I'm not satisfied and he tells me. What do you want me to do? Lick the cum off your pussy? He then apologizes and tells me he's anger at himself for not lasting long. He tells me his job has been stress full. I thought of telling him he could work else but I didn't. I left. I started to think of breaking up with him. The relationship isn't as good as before. But I decided to give it another try. We go on another date and its boring. We have sex and its disappointing again. I took a shower and left disappointed. Before I left he tells me he's going to be busy for the whole week. I started to think if I should break up with him. While thinking about it. I went to a bar. After the second drink, I decided I will break up with him but I will do it in person. I was going to message him and ask him if we can meet but remembered he's going to be busy for a week. He's probably sleeping at the time. I didn't know what to do for the week. I saw one of my old classmates in the bar. I don't know why but I went to talk to him. I was surprised at how much he has changed. He used to be skinny and not he's fit. He looks like he's been working out for over a year. I shouldn't be surprised he was a football player. We chatted for a while. I told him he looks great. He says I look great too. This made me smile. It's been a long time since I've been complimented. We spend over an hour talking while I'm drinking. He then asks me if I want to go to his place. I was shocked. I was going to tell him no and I have a bf. But I was going to break up with him. So did it really matter if I cheat? I say yes. We went to his place. On the way there I noticed how tall he is. That turned me on a little. When he finally got there he started to kiss me. I kiss him back. I could feel his hands groping me. It turns me more on. In my memory, it went fast but I know it was slow. I gave him head. He licked inside me. He did it from behind. I got on top of him. We did it in different positions. He was lasting a lot longer than my bf and he was way bigger. His body turned me more on. We did this for almost an hour. He made me cum. I then gave him head to finish him off and drank all of his cum. I went to take a shower and decided to sleep with him. I woke up first. I was shocked for a second at where I was at but then remembered what I did. I smile at... I should probably tell you his name. His name is Kyle. I smiled at Kyle. That was the best sex I've ever hard. I thought I should pay him back so I gave him head. It didn't take long before he woke up. He smiled at me as I was giving him head. He shoves it down my throat. I let him. I actually like deep throating. I stop when he says he's about to cum. I tell him. I'm still wet. We do it for over an hour. I start to get my things and going to leave. When he just keeps looking at me. I feel like he wants to tell me something. I start getting scared. What if he has std and he gave it to me. I start freaking out a little and ask if there's anything he wants to tell me. He's a little surprised by the way I'm acting. He tells me. He owes a guy money. He thinks if I have sex with him we wouldn't owe him money anymore. I start thinking why should I do that? He then tells me he's as fit as him. I do love sex. So I think yes. I tell him I'll do it if he joins. I say it jokingly. But he seemed ok with it. I get surprised by this. He tells me this could be like a threesome. At this point, I want to pinch myself. This can't be real. 2 hot guys want to f me? I give him his number and went home. I'm not sure what to think. It's too good to be true. I think of my bf. I'm going to break up with him anyway so it doesn't matter. I get a message to meet at his house. I meet the guy and a little disappointed it wasn't a black guy. I'll keep it short. They both took turns while I gave one head. I told them to use condoms. After that, I thought how lucky can I get? I tell them to invite more people next time. Get them to pay if you like. As long as it's a guy that works out. They tell me sure. They have some people they think they would be ok with this. Again I wanted to pinch myself. The next day I get another message I think it's from my bf. He usually faces times me on Tuesday at this time. But he doesn't. Anyway, I meet up with Kyle and the other guy before. he takes me to a different place. A little scared. What if they are actually going to kidnap me. I go to a house and it's a little big. I meet 3 other guys. I'm surprised to see jack. Jack and my bf used to be friends but they had a fight over something. I used to hang out with the three of them. After that, I choose to just stay with my gf and stopped seeing jack. He was one of my classmates too. Anyways before they say they are ready. I take my clothes off. I go to one of them and unzip their pants. I start giving head. I forgot to mention I love giving head. It turns me on. Another guy comes close and I give him head too. I start giving everyone else head. One of them lays on the ground. I already know what to do. I get on top and he fucs me while I give another guy head. One of them sucks on my tits. We keep doing this for a while. I came a few times. We kept going until my phone starts to ring. I see jack heading over to my phone and I tell him to mute my phone. I continue to give head. Some of them would rub their dick against my face that turned me more on. I then check jack and see he's doing something on my phone. I tell him what's he doing. He tells me he's going to record this with my phone. I thought this was a great idea and tell him to come. He does while he records me. I start sucking his dic while looking at the camera. I deep throat it and choke on it. I lick around the tip and lick from the balls all the way to the tip. I tell him to fuc me. I get up and spread my legs and bend over. He gets behind me and he enters me. I think he was bigger out of all of them. He starts fingering my as and slapping me. I get a dic shove in my face and I suck it. It turns me on remembering this. Jack says he's getting close to cuming so I tell him to stop. I giving him head to finish him off. He cums on my face and I collect some of it with my hand and swallow it. then lick the cum off on his tip. He smiles at me and says did you enjoy watching Brian? My heart stops. I quickly take my phone away and I see he's been face timing my bf. He looks at me angry and he hangs up. I didn't know what to say. I told them I didn't want to do this anymore and left. My bf blocked my number. Which is understandable. He deserves better. I still sleep with Kyle. I'm not sure I could enjoy gang bangs after that. I know I'm going to get a lot of hate. I deserve it.