I’m 19(f) my boyfriend is 26. We have been together for a year now.. has never been smooth. The one thing keeping us together I thought was the love and loyalty.. fuck was I wrong. First time I found out he cheated, his best friend would bring this girl around he was sleeping with, we would drink together, went out to eat all 4 of us etc. One day I get a message on Facebook from that girls friend (who I didn’t know) saying that my boyfriend is a cheater and that the girl they been bringing around sucked him and his friends dick at the same time while I was gone. I ended up believing him (looking back that was idiotic) awhile had passed and we would constantly fight because he would be talking to multiple girls on social media etc. Anyways around Christmas this girl kept calling his phone while we were together, so I ended up Facebook Searching her and I messaged her. This girl is 28, has a kid from a man who died last year, and I come to find out they have been seeing each other for months and my boyfriend even took her and the kid out, spent the night.. so that stopped as soon as me and the girl started talking, she was just as disgusted, wanted nothing to do with him. We end up breaking up over this and I quickly get into a new relationship, about a month in i receive a two page email from him saying how much he’s sorry etc. I end up seeing him, believing all his lies how things will change and I dumped my current new boyfriend to get back with him. Now this is where everything goes to shit. My boyfriend has always been big on how cocaine is for heads and he would never do it (I used to be addicted and so is my mother currently) so it hits close to home and is something I do not want to be around or involved in. He starts doing cocaine behind my back.. literally hiding it so bad that I had to taste his nostril for him to finally admit. I feel bad and believe that he wants to stop and is going to. One night he’s sleeping at my house and I decide to go through his phone ( he said if I took him back I could) and I come to find not only him talking to his friend about that girl way back about how she DID give him oral. Also come to find a message from this girl who lives in his home town 5 hours away that he went to visit abit ago for his grandmas funeral. She messages him telling him to go get checked for stds.. so not only did he cheat on me with a MARRIED women when he was suppose to be visiting family for a funeral, he knowingly could’ve infected me and decided he didn’t even need to tell me? Sick. So fast forward to last night, I’m at his house, I am sitting beside him watching a movie and I look over and he closes whatever it was right away, I keep prying him to let me look, he won’t, so I message the girl on Facebook because I saw her name. And boy am I happy I did, she is a Snapchat premium girl and he had send her 100’s or dollars since September. (My birthday month where he got me nothing) she apologized and send me all the money transfer screenshots and more.. I am sick to my stomach as we speak.. I left his house last night and cried the entire way home.. this is the last straw, I need to find some self respect, it’s hard for me because I’ve never been so in love with someone but treated so horribly:( I’m not an ugly girl, I’ve never had a problem with men, so I don’t know why this is so hard for me.. I feel like I’m trapped, I feel like I will never be happy.. if someone who loves me could do this to me maybe I’m worthless and don’t deserve to be treated good? Idk. I’m not a perfect girlfriend but definitely not a cheater.