I'm new to reddit so I'm sorry if I get things confused. I found out my bf of 4ys was on reddit asking for nudes, and from there I unraveled a whole other hurt for me. He has had a history of cheating like texting his ex but we had gotten over that. I was finally comfortable again. I didnt have reddit before this but I was trying to find an old book but forgotten the name, and reddit has everything right? So I looked it up my phone and it was left on my bfs account. I was like 'wow reddit sure has a lot of porn on the front page' until I went to messages. He had asked girls for nudes and even willingly to pay. I confronted him and he owned up to it and confessed he has a porn addiction. It took a while but I was getting better until I looked more into his Google history. Grinder, kik, discord, and even a trans escort site. He confessed he did get off to trans(I dont judge) but to actually go to a escort site for trans around our area? He owned up to everything. Said he didn't meet anyone, it's just that porn isnt doing it for him anymore because they're professionals, he wanted to jerk it to 'normal people pictures' and eccort sites have lots of pictures. Said he hadn't been on grinder and kik in a year; same thing, he was trying to get nudes from those but there was alot of other dudes doing the same thing so stopped using them and forgot he had them until I found them. And then he put everything in my email and let me deactivate it all from my phone to show he wouldnt touch them again. It's been about 2 weeks since that all happened and I guess we're at a good place but I stay up late at night wondering why wasnt I good enough? He lied over and over and I kept forgiving him :( I fell so weak and pathetic giving him chance after chance and I hated him until i realized it was me who I hated. I feel like I'm 'comfortable' and that's why I dont leave but Its actually because I still love him, even tho I hate myself for doing so. I've taken up working out as a way to distract me but honestly? I use it as self punishment. I feel like I did something wrong. I dont know why I do this to myself. I dont deserve this but I don't go cause I love him still and hes putting in some much effort now but I feel like I'm burned out now that I cant appreciate that hes trying : ( I dont understand why. So advice? Please?