Just want to vent to let it out.Through out our almost 8 years there were ups and downs. I’ve loved this man for so long I was so blind in trusting him. I’d literally do what ever I could to make him smile and feel loved. Planned a weekend get away for us. Made little gifts for him on his bad days and my best friend invited him to our get away for my birthday since she wanted to surprise me by coming all the way from another state for me. I thought everything was great. I started to notice him looking up a girl a lot on Facebook. He said she just a friend 8 years older than him (how ironic) and she has two kids. He is 21. I let it slide thinking ok just looked her up no big deal. I noticed he kept looking up Snapchat on his apps. He doesn’t use it. I confronted him again denies it. Turns out he was talking with her. He was always annoyed with me and he would tell her. He called her sweetheart a name I use to love to be called. He then started to say he isn’t happy in our relationship that he needs space. I’m like ok space if u need it I understand I’ll be waiting but set a rule of no one else in the alone time. He slept with her multiple times. One night he says he needs me so I go I spend the night not knowing he slept with her then we are making love and I see the marks on his neck I broke down. I couldn’t believe it. I cried and he said he was sorry. He was the one who kissed her. I tried to leave I was angry I was broken. He grabbed my arms to not let me go because he didn’t want me driving this angry. I snapped. I’ve never been violent towards him but my reflexes kicked in I used my elbow and arm and pinned him. I was scared I jumped away. He said we could work it out. But he wouldn’t cut her off. I spent hours waiting to talk to him but he ran off with her. He took her out to eat he paid her bills. He felt “happy”. His whole family knew and I kept everyone on my side in the dark hiding it and holding it in. Why? Because I didn’t want anyone to confront him there was no point the pain was there. But karma is bad since his happiness was great life hit back. He realized she was trying to get with another man and she only used him for money.  Life is cruel with karma. I was suppose to be getting married with him. Once a cheater always a cheater? I don’t know. Maybe yes. Maybe no. I won’t ever know.