So this happened about 3-4 months ago.  Regular day and whatever. My gf at the time messages me that she needs to talk, never a good sign.  So she comes over and tells me that her co-worker and "friend" kissed her. She works in the fields btw.  Recently I had seen her texting someone new in Snapchat and when I asked who he was she simply stated he was a friend so like a dumbass I didn't pay much attention to it. So now that he had kissed her she came forward to told me everything. No she didn't cheat she said that it happened because she lost her keys or something and they were moving to the next acre of land and she got stuck having him drive her there. So after she told me I was a bit skeptical but since she came out and told me I decided to not get mad or anything because I trusted her. What did get me worried was that she defended him saying that he was confused and didn't know she had a boyfriend and when I told her to cut him off she said she couldn't just do that and had to explain why. That didn't sit well for me and I kept bringing it up from time to time. Fast forward a bit and now she goes or a party at night. Everything is fine she's texting me like normal and the next morning she tells me we need to talk, so fuck. She comes and tells me that at the party the guy had asked to "talk to her" somewhere outside and that's where he kissed her.....again. After finally she understood she needed to cut him off but by then I was feeling betrayed and simply started loosing my feelings for anything. Before when I asked about him she told me he reminded her of me and all that so the fact that the first time he kissed her she didn't think it was enough to cut him off hurt because to me it seemed that she really had feelings for him. So one month after the 2nd kiss I decided to out of the blue break up with her. Tears were shed on her side but I just went numb. She was leaving away for a while so it felt fine at the time. She also confessed that after the first kiss he told her that he had already known she was dating me so this made me annoyed again because she still felt it was ok to be friends with him after all that.  So now I have a new girlfriend but I'm still bothered by what happened and would like someone to give me their opinion if I was wrong. I don't think I could or would go back with her so there's no issue whether I realize I was the one in the wrong. (Sorry for the long post I was venting)