this may be a little lengthy so i apologize but i am an 18 yo female and for me, it started with just being so nauseous allll the time and i couldn’t stand it anymore everyone jumped to “omg you’re pregnant” definitely not the case. one day after work i went to my primary (pediatrician for all 18 years) and was in his office for a little over 6 hours in tears from frustration. he was at a loss for what it could be as all of his tests came back negative and i didn’t have any other symptoms. he was asking if i was having problems at home or any other personal problems, i guess seeking attention? but that wasn’t the case either i just felt so sick all the time and didn’t know why. i also have hypothyroidism so we got blood work and tests done on that, ended up having to do some adjusting so we got back to normal with a higher dose of medicine and all was well with that but i still wasn’t feeling right. my dr didn’t know where else to go wether i should see a neurologist or a neurosurgeon and we decided to see a surgeon so i called and made an appointment and he sent me to get an mri and i was then diagnosed with chiari 1 and a pituitary tumor. (my tumor is small and not causing concern so we are just keeping an eye on that for now. ) my chiari was also not as concerning as i didn’t have many symptoms. we scheduled a follow up mri for june and went back to my life as usual, still not feeling good. then a couple months later, about january, lots of symptoms kind of hit at once where i was dizzy, fatigued, crazy unbalanced and uncoordinated, my anxiety was coming back, headaches constantly, blurred vision and occasionally my sight going black for a second and probably a few more but i blamed it on me overworking myself and running around too much but i called my neurosurgeon and we got an updated mri and ct scans to see if the CSF was flowing properly which it was but he suspected a spinal cyst and lucky me, he was right and he believes that is my main issue. we talked about surgery and came down to deciding that it was best to follow through with it. my last visit with him was march 5th? which is right before Covid hit hard. they contacted my insurance to make sure all was well and called me about a week later to say since it’s an elective surgery, i should wait and avoid the hospitals and if anything worsened to call and figure it out. so fast forward to now, haven’t worked in about three weeks, i still feel horrible everyday even while relaxing. my headaches are unbearable and i started to notice i get pins and needles kind of often? the right side of my body mostly, my right arm and right foot up to my knee. i’m thinking about calling him again and see if it might be best to push surgery but i’m worried it’s not as bad as i think it is and i risk being in the hospital with covid and being high risk to begin with. most days it’s just a headache that is bad and the only thing that helps it is smoking weed which is also helping my anxieties around everything at the moment. i’m going day by day at this point and just hoping i’m okay enough to wait this out. i guess i would consider this my story, thank you for reading if you made it through. again, sorry it was long. if anyone can relate at all or have some advice to calm my nerves that would be amazing :) thank you again for reading and i hope all is well