Good morning Reddit, It feels odd to come on here and ask the internet for advice but this is my first time doing this so bare with me . I just want some insight on what my brother can do next in his situation. So I’m going to give y’all a little back story on my brother and his girlfriend. They are high school sweethearts gone sour but have been on and off for the last 4-5 years. Sometime last year they got back together and she moved into the home, that my brother and I both share. She moved in with us last June 2019 and stayed until January 2020. But in December 2019 my brother was involved in an attempted robbery and was shot in the face and arm leaving him unable to work (receiving benefits) . So we came to the conclusion that we wanted to relocate ourselves so we sold the home. So in January we packed our stuff up and went to our new home about 45 mins away from the old one. My brother and I know she’s been pregnant since August and she didn’t tell her parents until November because she was scared to tell her parents. She was smoking the last time we seen her (March 2020) and my brother thinks she hasn’t stopped smoking either while pregnant a great person and all but her parents DO NOT like my brother. His girlfriend is under her mothers wing to the fullest and listens to everything she says. Literally. In March she’s only came to see him twice to get and I’ve drove him a many more times to see her and his growing baby girl. We’ve all had just gotten to the sour point to where both his girlfriend and her mother don’t even want my brother in the pregnancy room. My brother just wants to be in his daughters life. We don’t know what to do next in the legal process. We don’t have our parents to turn too and we’ve NEVER had to experience something like this. We’ve been looking into parental alienation laws but don’t know what we should do. My niece is born at this end of this month and we’re scared we won’t get the call she’s being born because of her mom. They already said they’ll tell the hospital not to let us in. Also have screenshots of those messages. I feel like I rambled a lot in this but this situation is just infuriating because my brother feels like he is being robbed on becoming a dad. What should we do ? Can anyone run me down the process.