This is a second hand story, but it is from people I trust completely. So recently my wife and I went to one of our best friends camp in rural PA. Our friend (the owner) and her girlfriend had been there for 2 days and nights already when we got there (our stay at home order is getting phased out, just an fyi) From here out I will refer to our friend as A and her girlfriend as B. When we got there A started to tell me that B and her had seen the lights again. They were laying in the bed of A's truck looking at the stars in the clear night sky, when B asked her if she saw the light moving erraticly in the sky, which she did. It would move quickly in a straight line, then suddenly make a directional change in a sharp 90 degree + angle without slowing down, moving in a rough figure 8 shape but with harsh angles not smooth loops, B described most of the motions it was making with A confirming. The light was visible for around 30 minutes that they watched it for before it shot off into the distance. The particularly odd thing (at least to me) is how long A has been seeing these UAP and how many people have seen them at there camp, previously they have been seen by my wife, A's mother, grandfather, uncle, 2 cousins, and several other friends going back decades with A's grandfather and uncle. Aside from A and B telling us about this sighting I've heard stories about them from my wife, A's uncle and 1 of her cousins. They have all described similar behavior of the lights (I've heard it called non-balistic motion in at least 1 UFO book). I would like to add that neither A or B believe in alien visitation or thought that the lights were alien in origin, but felt they were legitimately UNIDENTIFIED flying objects. A has been seeing the lights for 10-15 years, her uncle has told me of seeing them as far back as the early 1980's. As I said before I trust A, and obviously my wife, completely and I have no doubt they saw what they claimed to have seen, we just don't know what it was. Just thought thought this sub might find this story interesting, I have permission from both A and B to post this, if you would want to use it on the pod you are welcome to. If I would happen to see anything on a trip there I will update with my personal observations and try to get video. Hope you enjoyed it.