Today is Easter which is a big thing to my parents who newly “re-found”religion and like most holidays in hoarder households my mom tried to run around and make the place “a little bit cleaner” which stresses me the hell out. So knowing all of this, I tried to avoid it by staying the night at my boyfriends house but as I was leaving yesterday my mom caught my on the way out and said “please come home for dinner” and I got sucked into that. My mom can’t cook although she tries but I felt bad bc Ik holidays are important to her so I told her I’d heat up some left over spicy pasta I had made the night before (I cook for myself after I learned how/experimented in college-I’m no chef but I certainly don’t use the microwave for everything like my parents). Anywho, I had lunch at my boyfriends and had a lovely day including a nice egg hunt outside with his niece and parents who all live in the same house. I came home for dinner and my mom starts off with an egg hunt.. in the house.. I’m frustrated bc I’m 21 years old and I don’t want to dig through the piles of crap. I found the 6 eggs to humor her after she had to say “Hot and Cold” for everything... Fast forward we just ended dinner and my parents basically fought the whole time. I finished my food and I said I’m gonna have a salad but bring it upstairs, I have work at 7am.... my dad says to me “yeah you better bring the bowl and fork down too when you’re done with it” this is an absolute JOKE to me because my room is the cleanest one in the house and my dad quite literally sits on a throne of wrappers watching TV. Ofc my mom made him “clean” a little today (quotations bc they washed the windows and curtains which I call polishing a ball of mud-they should focus on the clutter not the small things) and so maybe he felt like adulting and being a parent but I said yeah I’ll bring it down whenever I’m not concerned about creating a mess in my room. (So what if I bring the bowl down tomorrow morning?!) Which then escalated into “get out of MY house then” “it’s not your room” “just continue to use us for money go ahead” and plenty of other insults. So I fired back with “once I have enough money saved up, I’m gone just like my brother.” I buy my own food, I make my own food and I clean up my messes. In fact last summer I convinced them to get a dumpster and help clean THEIR mess!! It’s a tolerable messy on the whole first floor, with unnecessary piles in most corners, my room is a normal clean room that occasionally gets messy with clothes on the floor but my parents room and the basement (where the washer and dryer is) are the WORST. Just thinking about the basement gives me anxiety. I know everyone’s response is to move the hell out as soon as I can and I want to move out ASAP but the problem is, rent costs 1800-2000 or MORE where I live. I just graduated in December and started a new job in February but I couldn’t afford anything near me... my bf offered for me to move in with him but it’s really his parents house and although I spend most of my time there and his parents wouldn’t mind regardless, internally I don’t feel right about it. They’re building townhouses across the street from my job which we’re supposed to be done this summer but idk if the COVID has pushed all of that back. Also I hope they’re reasonably priced but I’ll have enough saved by then to hopefully hold me over even if my whole paycheck has to go to it. Basically I have to give up trying to help my parents, it’s not my responsibility I know that but it made me feel better knowing if I help them clean up it’s kind of like paying rent.. the last thing I would want to do is leech off of them (my mom especially) but sometimes I feel like with the conditions  of them being a hoarder it makes no sense for me to pay them rent-who the hell would pay rent to live like that !!! That’s why I say it’s like a joke to me.. i know it’s toxic and I need to get away but if anyone read this far just give me advice for anything-saving up, moving out, finding a cheap place (maybe there’s a secret website I don’t know about!!!), or most importantly how to ignore, deal with, handle, or address the pettiness/craziness/whatever you want to call it about hoarder parents!! I went to school 2 hours away and the apartments there were almost half the price as the ones around here.. if the new places being built end up having expensive rent I’ve even considered going back up there but idk help