My freshman year of college I used to work at a Chipotle on a college campus and on one particularly busy day my manager asked me to grab some salsa and lettuce from the freezer in the back. I told him that I'd get it and gave him a light tap on the shoulder. When my hand landed on my managers shoulder his face went cold and his eyes seemed to have glazed over, he grabbed me by the throat and began choking me with a pretty tight grip as he pushed me through the kitchen door and through the BOH area into the backroom fridge. The assistant manager saw what he was doing and began yelling at him to let go of me, he didn't let go until my body hit the freezer. He suddenly snapped out of it and he ran outside. My assistant manager and I told our General Manager what happened and she quickly went to the security footage to see the incident, unfortunately she could only see the bottom half of our bodies as we were just enough out of frame that you couldn't see his hand on my neck. My general manager looked at me and said that she was required to report this to Corporate but that she really didn't want to as this would most likely disqualify from our store from being "Gold" level  store status (I forget the name Chipotle uses for stores that embodies Chipotles standard for excellence). She brought in the manager that choked me and he began to cry and confessed to me how he has PTSD from his time spent in the army and that he hadn't had an episode like that in years, he didn't know what he was doing and he told me the only reason he worked in such a remedial job was because of his medical condition. He worked for years to get to a manager position and he has a wife and kids he needs to support. I was so terrified from the incident that I didn't know what I should do. I ultimately decided to listen to my General Manager and not report the incident to corporate as that would have meant ruining this mans life and also causing my General Manager to be upset with me. All these years later, I still don't know if I made the right choice as I don't feel it was the ethical thing to do. What do you guys think?