For a long period of time I have been feeling that we Indians are getting over obsessed with tention with Pakistan. I am not downplaying the threat that Pakistan is to India, but we are seriously ignoring a much severe threat that is expanding ambitions of China. We all know Pakistan is nothing compared to India, in all fields, sports, arms and armies, economy, growth, intellect, etc. but to feel supirior we always focus on Pakistan, and China is using our obsession, they are building belt & road initiative, strings of pearls, etc. to strip India of the control and power that we still have in the region. China has infiltrated our markets to deep extent (how many of you are reading this on a chinese phone?). They are not only becoming more powerful but also stripping India of it's existing power. And we are not even aware of it. We are constantly comparing ourselves with Pakistan (even in the time of this pandemic crisis), but why? To feel supirior. China is much more powerful than us in economics and world influence (no offense), and slowly we are even loosing our current influence. In some recent years influence of India has surely increased, but still we have a long way to go. For every news channels, youtubers, media outlets they publish almost 20 sources which bashed Pakistan to one against China. Seriously we need to take china seriously or else we will become just another nation on the globe. Even USA which is arguably most influential nation in world is taking China seriously, but we, who share a boundary with China are not. We all know the expanding ambitions that china has, it did invade Tibet and destroyes their culture and their people. I have complete faith in our Indian armed forces but still if we continue to ignore China, we will loose Arunachal Pradesh to them(China claims Arunachal as South Tibet and has ambitions to invade it just like Tibet). China invaded Tibet when China was not even a super power, and still world didn't retaliated, what makes you think that the world whould now retaliate now given now China is indeed a super power. There is a serious need for us to realise the real threat is to the sovereignty of India. We lost Aksai Chin and no one came to help india, but we still are obsessed with POK. If there was no China threat, POK can be taken back within a weak( I know Pakistan has nukes, but still we have defence mechanisms and mostly our intelligence knows the location of these nukes in Pakistan, we can quickly neutralize them. Pakistan doesn't have nuclear submarines or aircraft carriers. They only have stationary nukes, which can be dealt with). The only threat that India has while attacking POK is China, as we cannot handle both Pakistan and China simultaneously. Our aim should be either to weaken China or form good relations with them(like USA-Canada), so that if we try to fight Pakistan,  China should not intervene. What do you think is greater threat to India's sovereignty, Pakistan or China?