So to start, my family and I have horses and we sell them and grow them up and so on. We’re also riding them on tournaments, so our horses have usually higher costs. But this time a good friend of the family gave us an old horse as a gift , it was in a good shape but just not that worthy because it’s a horse for casual riding. The friend said we can sell the horse if we want, so we did. We offered the horse on the internet for 600 dollars ( that’s the minimum for a horse, because if you bring a horse to the butcher you always get 600 dollars or more). In the evening at the same day these people (cb) called us that they are interested in the horse, so we agreed on meeting on our farm the next day. They showed up an hour late looked at the horse, wanted it cheaper( but we said no)  but in the end they bought it. Then after the contract and stuff, they said: „ we can’t take the horse today with us, it’s ok if it stays some days here right ?“. My dad wasn’t to pleased, wich is obvious, cause the rent for the room for the horse on our farm is 350 dollar, and we have the work to do ourselves. But my dad said ok. The next day the cbs visited their new horse, and then came to my dad and asked: „ can we use your riding hall ?“ , my dad said usually this would cost extra but because you bought a horse, you can use it for the few days you’re here. Then the cbs asked: „ can we use your saddle and riding stuff?“ my dad who now was a bit angry gave them stuff to borrow. Then days pass and they haven’t taken their horse so my dad said that they should take their horse. He said it in a normal way, but the cbs said:“ how can you be so rude, are treating all your customers that bad?“. The worst was when the next day the cbs came to talk to my dad because they wanted more time to stay for free, but my mom was home alone, so they talked to her, but when my mom said that we can’t let them stay any longer for free( at this point 1 week), after she told them this, they insulted my mom and said bad things and stuff. That was the point my dad I lost it. My dad called them after my mom told him about this. He told them to get their horse. The only good thing about this story was, when the cbs took their horse, my dad told them what he thought about them, for insulting my mom and this whole shit. He told them in a let’s say... not to polite way. By the way the cbs were a man a woman and girl, and after my speech of my dad, they almost cried like little 8 year old school girls, what made feel good.