Ever since I first started going to elementary school teachers have always pointed out my difficulty paying attention. Throughout the day I would constantly catch myself looking out the window daydreaming, it used to make my heart sink whenever I would realize that I had just missed everything the teacher said during the entire class because I was daydreaming. As I got older, the affects of my ADD began to intensify, my poor grades caused me to become very anxious over what my future might look like, which lead to low self esteem and depression throughout middle and high school. I eventually just gave up on school and gave up on life as it simply felt better to fail willingly than to go through the constant frustration of trying and not succeeding. The summer of my senior year in high school I finally decided to start taking medication for my ADD. I couldn’t have ever imagined how life changing it would be. I went from D’s and F’s to straight A’s, excelled in sports, and got back into fishing and other hobbies I didn’t have the attention span for. It was a truly euphoric time in my life. I’m now 21, and I’ve attempted to stop taking medication several times but after a few weeks things start to head into a downward spiral, I almost lost my job the last time causing me to start taking the meds again. I now am unsure of whether or not I should take the medication. If ADD is a true mental disorder then I’m fine with taking medication to combat that, but I’ve always had the feeling that maybe God just made me a little different than the majority of people, maybe I wasn’t meant for or designed to thrive in the classroom and the 9-5. Maybe there’s something out there for me that I’m specifically designed for according to God’s calling for me, and when I find out what that is maybe I will thrive without taking medication. My concern is that ADD might be misunderstood as a “disorder” because human beings tend see any sort of abnormality in someone as there being something wrong with that person. I fear that from taking medication I am selling myself short in life by conforming to being just another brick in the wall. What are your thoughts? Do you think ADD is a disorder and I should be taking medication in order to “succeed” in this life, or do you think that I should reject the standards set by society and try to figure out if God has some sort of unusual purpose for my life?