When I first came to christ in 2017 it was amazing. It was on June 9th 2017 when I first actually tried to go after Jesus. It was a night where I had actually commited a sin. i was in my room and I looked at my bible and I was like, “You know what? I want to see what is up with this whole Jesus thing”. So I read the first part and it was talking about if I wanted to accept Jesus into my life and I did. It was slow at first. I started off the first week by only listening to Worship music. Then, I actually opened up the bible, first book I read was Revelation(not the smartest choice). Then I just got so obsessed with the Word of God that I would spend 8 hours a day. I was on fire for God, like really on fire. I was covered in the spirit and I would have dreams of the Rapture and and have seen all sorts of cool things. I shared with people the message, thought I never actually saw people go to Jesus. Then, my sin came in, something I struggled with for my whole life(lust/porn).I was never sucidal or depressed before I came to Christ. After I realized that I needed to surrender all and go after Christ like crazy and I needed to be perfect like The Father, I did go like 3 months without watching porn or masturbating, and I really felt like I was free. Then, I fell again and my depression got worse and then I started to self harm and bite myself. I still had some days where I wouldnt watch porn and I really thought I was free. Then, I watched it again and then I would self harm. I would cry and sit alone in the bathroom and hit myself and bite myself and even curse God. Then, I ended up telling God that I wasnt good enough. So then I left him for like two years. I was still praying, but I went back to my old life and I wasnt depressed anymore or suicidal. Here I am in 2020, I decided to come back to him, and I would say it started off pretty decent. I started of reading the bible again, I went a couple days without watching porn and then fall again and that suicidal thoughts came back again and is still a endless cycle. I wouldnt say it is an addiction, it is honestly my choice. I keep choosing it and idk why. But right now I am in the same position of wanting to leave again. I honestly don’t believe anymore that God wants me, I don’t believe that he can save me. I don’t even thing I have ever actually been born again or a true Christian, otherwise I wouldnt watch porn. So honestly, I might throw in the towel again. What dk you say? Som people arent meant to be saved. Maybe I have another purpose instead, maybe God will use me to save people from a train explosion or something stupid like that. But being saved from sin, I just don’t it is possible for me, I just am afraid that if he does I will just end up choosing it again anyway. So I just ait here most of the days just harming myself and depressed. I just sit here awaiting my appointment with hell. I am waiting in the lobby for hell. I am scared that I am going to hell but I just have to acknowledge that it is where I was created to go. Some people are created for heaven, some people are created for hell. It is God’s game. He knew I would go to hell, yet he still created me knowing that I would end up in hell. If that is The God of the bible, then I don’t know anymore. I want to be in a relationship with him. In fact I have so many desires of sharing the gospel and doing great things for his glory. But I also don’t want to be in a relationship where I have to be depressed and suicidal 24/7. That’s not how life should be. Maybe I am falling away because I dont know the truth, or maybe another reason. But right now, I dont know if I am ready. In fact, I believe God has already left and there is nothing that can be done. I am like Esau, no more hope for me. Good bye, and I hope the best for all of you, and that you will serve God with all of your hearts and that you will truly repent of your sins. I hope that you will all overcome whatever struggle you have and that you will bring many to christ. As for me, I have appointment for eternal fire that I have to get ready for. 🙏I would love if you would pray that I will have an intense encounter with God that will completely change my life, but as for now, I don’t think that is possible anymore. I wish God would actually speak to me audibly. Like he did with many people, like he would actually present himself to me in person, but I highly doubt that would happen.