I personally want to admit that throughout my life I have been very apathetic and lazy with myself and only care about my comfort despite that I have been raise with a religous mother who attends to church on regular basis. Throughout my childhood I've struggle to get along with other kids (a social outcast) and this kinda carried as I turn into an adult.  I also developed an addiction to immoral sexual content (hence the internet calls this a Coomer) while I don't cause problem with other people, since I  genuinely hate any type of drama because of my upbringing. I am somewhat socially awkward and people have spoken to me that while they don't hate me (cause I do respect people personal spaces) they also have said that they don't like me either. As for my spiritual life I haven't truly devoted to god since my high school graduation because ever since I graduated high school I've been working alot and even struggle to have a healthy balance between work and college. Sadly tho I didn't finish college after doing this for a while so I decided to take a break from it and wanted to go back once I'm financially stable. I'll admit my faith has been on the little on apathetic side and while I try to remind myself to take God seriously in the end I didn't, I do fear God and have tried to cling on my faith. As I grew older I can't help but notice how many things in the world is increasingly becoming anti-family and anti-Christian especially in the media and movies in the western world. This has been encouraging to hold my faith even more and now because of this pandemic along with many rumors that I have been and as well with technological advancements that i been hearing in news. It's no surprising that we live in the end of times, I have struggle with myself on metal, physical and spiritual level and I have ask God for forgiveness and guidance on what I can do differently to keep improving myself and how I can help out my family. Despite I'm not a social person I do love my family especially my mother and my sister and my baby brother. If anything happens to them I will be devastated but I will pray to God and thank him that I have been given such truly loving family member despite their personal flaws. Despite I'm aloof with my step-dad I do truly appreciate how he provided my family and loves my mother, I would truly do my best to help out my step-father. I will admit I do fear death and most all God's wrath, in these time I do have alot to fear and as I'm self quarantined I been reading the bible from time to time. Just wanna share my personal thoughts, take care and stay safe. My God be with you. 🙂