Let us not forget the significance of Christianity's presence within scientific advancement during the times where religion and science were considered inseparable when scientific discoveries and ideas were motivated by Christianity. No matter how much Atheists may hate our beliefs, these beliefs are responsible for many of the scientific knowledge they have and abuse to attack everyone else on earth. Our knowledge of the universe and the world has been spoon fed to all of us by many respectable scientists whose Christian beliefs inspired contributions without slowing scientific progress. All of us can thank Isaac Newton for his divine interpretation of the force believed to be holding all the planets in their place for inspiring him to discover gravity and invent physics along with the mathematics to express this in. The acceptance of the bible and God among many scientists in history surely did not stop them from helping us understand the material universe. I am a scientist who is also a Christian and I can say with confidence that the knowledge and observation of the material world does not in any way conflict with the belief of God or Jesus Christ. Because if it did conflict enough for science to be oppressed, chances are we would not be here in terms of scientific progress for the Atheist community to even exist to be able to abuse the knowledge they neither discovered or invented to attack our beliefs. But we must not hate them back. For Jesus Christ did not hate when he suffered the most painful death for everyone on this planet. We must appreciate not only the christian scientists, but all scientists around the world as well. For we are all children of the all powerful and infinite divine being whose creation is perfect and symmetrical for us to be able to calculate, analyze, and predict knowledge, discoveries, and inventions through science and the language of mathematics. We are very privileged to be able to express ourselves through these devices and computers to share messages of love, positvity, encouragement, and appreciation to our loved ones, family, friends, and fellow Christians during times of difficulty. I pray out of love for every family that has lost a family member, has a family member sick, is struggling financially, and is struggling emotionally due to the virus regardless of being christian or not.