I live in New York now, but it's in Geneseo, a small quiet town. Kind of nice ,really.  I use to live in alabaster Alabama, as in the state. I came from such poverty and illness. My family on both sides came from alcoholics and drug addicts. My mother Barbara, was an alcoholic. Ever since i can remember, she was abusive, and encouraged me to commit suicide often until at 18, i did. I woke up in the hospital from being in 3 weeks comatose from overdose. The poverty didn't change though. After the housing market fell through, a lot of people lost their homes, including us. We have to pack up what we could, and move into an apartment of which we stayed in less then a year because the landlord was corrupt and stealing money from the apartment maintenance accounts. Eventually we fell behind on payments and had to move again. This time it was in a hotel room with only my SSDI paying for it. When that ran out because it was $30 a night, we slept in the car. Eventually we moved 3 more times from one crazy roommate to another. One guy said we would live with him if i had sex with him. We didn't stay. Things eventually went from bad to worse. Barbara had a gestural intestine bleed, causing her to become comatose for 2 weeks. It was the worst 2 weeks of my entire life. Alabama is KNOWN for its poverty, drug trafficking and sex trafficking. It's counted as one of the top 5 worst places in the country to live. After Barbara was comatose from the gestural intestine bleed that was caused by alcohol consumption, i was left with NOTHING, and at age 20. I am autistic, and was taught NOTHING about how to care for myself. I was homeless, no home, no food, no money no hope and the car had been towed. So for 2 weeks i slept in a bathroom stall in a parking garage at the hospital. I even got mugged and gang beaten over something i stole from a gas station because i was starving. I felt god, had abandon me. When Barbara came out of a coma it took a while for her to get better, but now we owed the hospital thousands of $. Miracle's don't come cheep. Eventually we got a spot in government housing, and i considered that at least an acknowledgment from God that he MIGHT give a crap. After that i threw away collage to take care of Barbara. Her health had dropped drastically because of the G.I bleed,  and now instead of taking care of myself, i took care of her. I was at 98lbs, starving, dying and attempted suicide 5 times in the last 4 years. So i made the jump, based on pure faith. I thought, ,"why not. I haven't really got much else to lose". So i met this amazing person on Facebook, who said she's been down this exact same road. Her mon was abusive and i spoke to her every night for 3 years, my health getting worse in the process. Eventually she asked me if i wanted to live with them, and i said yes. They took a weeks vacation, backed up, and drove 108 miles to Alabama all the way from New York , for 2 days WITHOUT SLEEP. The situation was bad. I was suicidal and had cut myself multiple times. I had to get on my knees, and have a one on one with god. I was terrified. More scared then i have EVER been shaking and crying with terror. I didn't know how this was going to play out. I had to prepare, that IF this wasn't what i thought, i may have to take a life to survive. I had to make the thought of becoming a murderer a reality, and it was the most horrifying and terrifying thought, i EVER had to actually consider. And at the grace of God's mercy, it WAS what i thought. A rescue, a new start. A hope. I was able to finally escape the poverty and pain. I manage my own SSDI now, and have a job. I even made my own rosary, because they remind me that despite all the pain i went through, God guided me to the other side of that hell, and i made it.