After years together, my fiancé discarded me out of the blue and went and slept with other people. He had revealed some things about sexual deviancy, but would never tell the full truth so I would question him a lot. We had been going to church together and I felt like we had been on the verge of a break through. I loved him very much. But he stopped working his recovery program and got back into pornography and sex addiction. If he would've told me everything, I would've accepted him. For example, he told me he had a homosexual past and blamed it on sexual abuse and then said he was not actually sexually abused. It was a constant mind game and I wanted us to work so badly. I felt like church was really helping but he withdrew again when he relapsed. My last memories of him were really terrible so I wanted to see him again. And I wanted to be honest with him about my own part. The day before he did this, the pastor sensed demonic possession in him. Anyway, when he came to see me, he was very cruel and heartless. He blamed everything on me and said that I made him miserable and I deserved this. We had a very strong love connection and intimacy. But I feel like he can never appreciate me or anyone else and that hurts. Despite all he's done, I still love him and I suspect he is using. He was very shaky, clammy and mentally abusive when I saw him. He has a pattern of doing this to everyone in his life. I'm just really concerned for him still and ask for prayers for him. Because I can see that he is unhappy and hurting but is filled with anger and hatred and guilt. I want the best for him despite all that's happened and I pray for healing for him and a true psychic change. I pray that he can see his part and stop hurting other people. I pray that his soul will be saved. I pray that he can feel love and see beauty in humanity. I just don't want him to suffer. And please pray for me, for healing as well. I know that I cannot fix him. I will most likely have to move because I moved to this area for him to be close to his recovery network. Seeing him was so painful, he was completely closed off. I feel like he is two different people. One side is so sweet and loving and the other one is evil and the devil incarnate. Please pray for me and for him also, we both need healing during this time and to lean on Jesus, our savior. Thank you so much in advance. I don't understand how he could've done this, especially since I have been his longest relationship and although I wasn't perfect, my intentions were pure and loving. Please pray that he is free from the demons that are tormenting him.