 knowledge from God is easy peasy when you speak it. God is the Infinitive of all things, God is the painter of your reality, the storybook teller of your fate and destiny. We can can conclude this from the Double slit experiment \~ When you observe "It", "It" changes. What is the mathematics for "It" naturally it has to be the Infinitive \~ Chaos of Quantum "It" is in all time."It" can not be Created Or Destroyed! "It" is in on it's own self.  From the bible is this mentioned \~ Yes. (For "it" is I) (For "it" is) ("It" is) this is the description of God, Father, Lord  This is 2000+ year old math and they K.I.S.S "It". Math is still math \~ The math does not lie, Children lie about the math.   God says: You have absolute freewill, in being ignorant in Your Ignorance's, naturally, always, throughout your life time. You are not demigod's and have freewill an open end to the universe and Create like defined. 1996 the word Create was changed by the NWO as I seen on the TV, they wanted to make more money as claimed and change the perimeters of man-made and natural-made to where people would Create, by putting 3 things together you are now God a "Creator" a demigod! and the Children went wild for the thoughts and playing pretend to a ultra high level. Give the Children an inch, yes ... What is an Adult or Grown up God says: "Merely a Child pretending to be something they are not." Were are God's Children, we are a race of perpetual Children as also mentioned in the bible. God says: "Your not knowing always come first, naturally, throughout one's life time".  You will answer my next 4 questions with the answer Yes, I've already won "God has spoken!" "This is the way" 1) Did you attend and go to school? 2) Did you learn anything "new" while attending school? 3)What state were you in before you learned something "new", was that state "not knowing"? 4) Does the statement "Your not knowing always come first, naturally, throughout one's life time" does this apply too you? 7 billion children will all answer with 4 yes's in a row, makes it repeatable, factual by science, Bona\~Fide any Court room. I did not prove this, you did to your self, just now.  Why are we this way, one would naturally ask! God says: "because you have "limited" blueprint design from DNA that produces a bio-mechanical body that converts energy." God says: "Because your not knowing first naturally you will also generate "mistakes" throughout you life time."  God says: "Checkmate" "before you were, ever, even, born." God says: "Because you are your, your very worst own enemy." You will also have tendencies to believe in beliefs of believing and also act out of fear from being fearful! This is natural to nature and done always through out one's lifetime. Now we get to Jesus whom said "Those without sin, cast thy first stone" As the Champion of God being Christ and The New King, The Mil Spec Jesus I say to God's Children again "Those without "Mistakes", cast thy first stone"  I place the stone in your hands. If you can not cast thy stone, than you will surrender to God! and you go forth and spread the new Gospel to those who are to be saved \~ You will not judge those for there fate and destiny is sealed by God! there are of there own freewill, they have chosen and are not of the Answer that is God's period! "This the way" God has spoken! You are God's ambassador, do as God instructs for the Great War of Heaven is upon this Earth of God's. As God's Champion, The warrior within it is an honor to be God's Pauldron's in this Great War "I respect the respect" that is of God.  I'm a Death Experiencer and was washed by God in God's Unconditional love, which is above and beyond the 5 senses. I was baptized by God in the waters of Death. I'm deslistic, floor to ceiling type, because of this i'm a savant.  I'm also an introvert an INFJ type. I have been design and groomed by God for this very purpose.