Hello there! I want to take a minute and talk about how Islam ripped off Christianity and Judaism! It starts with Muhammad in between 600-700 AD when apparently the Angel Gabriel came to him, I believe it was Satan who came to him and told him to start a religion rejecting God and Jesus! Now let’s state this first, Jesus is God, there’s no doubt, he is God in human form, he is our Lord and Savior! Now in Islam, they say he was a prophet, and how ironic is it that the books in the Bible were written hundreds and thousands of year before Islam was even a thing! Jesus was born in 0 AD and the gospels were written in between 40-90 AD! Then in 700 AD, Muhammad tells the real story of Jesus, which is full of crap! Jesus was not a prophet, He is God! And also what about the other prophets like Moses for example, he wrote all the first 5 books in the Bible including Exodus which is about him in 1250 BC, then 2,000 years later, Muhammad tells pretty much the same story of Moses that was already told before he was born. What about Daniel and Ezekiel, they wrote their books in 550 BC, 1200 before Muhammad, their stories have been around longer and are more truthful! Look, my point is that Islam stole all the prophets and stories of them and rehashed them and making up fake stories which didn’t happen! And they Took Jesus, Who is God and turned him into a prophet. That’s not who he was or is, He is God! Islam is a fake religion and it was made up by Satan himself to attack Christians and Jewish people, and Also forgot to mention, In the Bible, God said that Israel is the holy Land, it truly is, it has been Blessed by God, every country surrounding it wants Israel destroyed and completely off the map, and they have tried and failed, because God has his hand over Israel and is protecting them! In Islam, they say that Mecca Saudi Arabia is the holy land and so is the Middle East, and They say Allah blessed them, well Allah isn’t real, God and Jesus are real, The Middle East is full of murderers, rapist, pedophiles, liars, terrorists and they kill Christians and Jews! Now Christians don’t kill anyone who isn’t of our faith, we love them because they are beings created by God like we are! God has blessed Israel like he promised, and Islam says Allah did bless them, well guess what, Allah isn’t real and that’s why the Middle East is a crap hole, God and Jesus are the one and only God! Thank you for reading this! God Bless!