Have you ever considered how medical testing, hospital stays, and Dr appointments are kind of like being raped? Not the physical act of course, but the emotional side? The tools it takes to survive? When I was being raped, I would pretend that I was anywhere but where I was. I would close my eyes and just let what was happening to me, happen. Repetitively I would separate my conscious mind and let it wander away, thinking about anything else. I had no say. I couldn’t make it stop. For that time, my body was not my own. As someone suffering from chronic illness, the situations are similar. You go to a doctor’s appointment expecting one doctor, but yours got called away so you get whoever is available to cover. They don’t know you, but they tell you what you are going to do. They touch you and push you until the pain is overwhelming. It doesn’t matter to them that their pressing on your neck is reminding you of that time when you were strangled by your sister... In that moment, your body is not your own. They schedule tests and appointments with new doctors because things aren’t looking great for one of your organs, and these new people are the specialists. This means walking into a brand new world where even more of your say is taken away, because these new people don’t know you and assume you know nothing. You go through test after test, closing your eyes, wishing to be anywhere but where you are... Emotionally you’re empty, but they don’t see that. They don’t care that this test cripples you for days after. It doesn’t matter how things take effect on you. And if you say no, or have a panic attack because it is all so much, they respect you less and assume you’re just fucking crazy. When you argue back, you’re an uncooperative patient. You’re the patient everyone hates to work with. And suddenly you are faced with a choice... Close your eyes, let them have their way with you, give your body over to be theirs to control, or walk away and get worse with no hope of getting better. Fail your family and friends because your mental state can’t handle it anymore. Sure, you can medicate... Ativan helps ease the hurt for short periods of time. But what about when the drugs wear off? What about the tears that no one see, when you realize this is your life now? No one can put a stop to the flashbacks, the sheer terror inside that you suffer for weeks and sometimes even months after a test. Just like a rapist, they got what they wanted and the damage it does to you means nothing to them. They are justified in their actions. At the end of the day, I am just a number anyway... Another tick in a box of success or failures for the doctor based on my willingness to comply. Based on my ability to live and breathe through this living hell.