So I have been coming on here trying to get some pointers on winning a cultural victory on Civ 6. Before I knew what to go for but I tried to shoot straight for it and got taken over by another players military. So this time I made sure my military was strong. And it helped me as I was barely able to fend off a computer Civ. I had more tourist than ever but every time I would start gaining more, the number you had to get kept going up. I eventually made my way up to seaside resorts. But I didn't know you had to build them with a builder. i thought they were a building. So I got started late building them. And I don't know if they helped because I didn't build the Wonder Cristo Redentor or whatever that causes them to pump out culture. I messed around too much with military and stuff and was like a few turns away from having it done and Philip finished it before me. They recommended building the Eiffel Tower and seaside resorts. I don't know why the Eiffel Tower since it just improves appeal of all your tiles not culture. But I got the Eiffel Tower done. And was able to build Broadway, which only gave me a bunch of extra art slots. I only took over one city. It was one of the other computer civs city. He attacked me and I took his city after he got all his troops killed. And I got started late on making Rock Bands. I didn't realize that was a unit until like 25 turns too late, at the least. the only thing I didn't try is to try and take over the Civ that had the highest culture. We were playing on a huge map and I would have had hell getting over to where he was at. and can someone please explain to me why the Eiffel Tower is so important to a cultural victory? Is it because you can only build seaside resorts on very appealing hex's? But anyway. I played until 250 turns and never got up enough tourists to do it. Not even half the number I lead the world in tourists, but never wound up past half way. I had half of the number I needed from pretty early on. But never passed that threshold. Maybe I am just being too peaceful. Please if you can help, please do. ask me whatever about what I did in the game. I will tell you.