okay so I'm not great at story telling but i have multiple stories from this house. The one i'm gonna tell is the one that caused my whole family to move 5 states away. So as a kid everyone can usually see spirits we just grow out of it, in my case i saw them everywhere all the time. when I was 8 or 9 there was one particular day where there were "children" in the hall, they were kicking around a kickball we had ( i had 4 other siblings at that time.. nobody died they just divorced.) The kids asked my to play with them but i had just gone in trouble so i declined.. the kids got very upset and ran off. later that night after everyone had gone to bed, including me, i was woken up because i couldn't breathe. when i opened my eyes there was this large dark figure above me who was covering my mouth and nose. i was so scared i couldnt move. the "children" i didnt play with earlier in the day were just laughing at me, at my fear. i started to cry but i couldnt make a noise and everytime i tried to force myself to sleep my breathing would get cut off again. i forced my eyes shut multiple times and more and more figures would show up. I finally had enough and was ready to get up and leave. when i tried to get up my body would move my my arms and legs couldnt. I was full panic at that point because i was helpless. it got worse. my vision all of a sudden went out and i couldnt see anything anymore. the childrens laughter got louder as i was more scared. My dad, who i owe my life to now, is the reason im okay. he never believed in the paranormal until that night. He heard laughter and thought it was my sister and i but when he realized my sister was in her room he came to yell at me. this is when he saw the figures too. he turned on the light to my room, rushed over grabbed me and ran outta that house so quick. i stayed at my grandparents for the next few days. and the morning after the incident there were hand marks on my ankles, wrists, and face. we packed up and sold the house to a company who just wanted the land. i looked into the house when i got older. turns out the house used to be a bar/inn super far back and the gang was called the loomis gang from the nine mile swamp. creeps me the heck out to this day. any who i love you! and yep.