Hey coach I love you! Just want to warn you this includes suicide and abuse. It’s a really sad story and very creepy. Anyways, my sister was 10 years old when she committed suicide. Before I tell you how you need to understand why. She was haunted, or so she said. She would always say “don’t say that the mans watching” whenever I would say anything rude about anyone. I always thought she was joking but she wasn’t. Sometimes I’d wake up in the middle of night to her screaming but I couldn’t move. It felt like I was being held down by a human. I tried to fight it but it was so strong. The next morning I had finger shaped bruises on my arm. I asked my sister if she was all right and she told me she was fine. I explained that I heard her screaming. She shook it off as a bad dream. This was when she was 5. As the years went on things got worse. My mom and dad didn’t believe in the paranormal so we didn’t tell them.  One day they were on a date and me and my sister where all alone and we were watching tv. All of a sudden our dog started barking and going crazy. We were alarmed and I told my sister to stay there while I went to check it out. My dog was barking crazy. I went to him and he saw me then the weirdest thing happened. My dog looked around like he was watching something. He jumped right in front of me barking at whatever it was. As I calmed him down I heard my sister scream, I rushed down to her and her eyes were wide while she stared at the tv. It was static but there was a face of a man smiling at us. I screamed and hugged my sister praying it would stop. We heard our front door unlock and all of a sudden everything stopped. My mom and dad walk in seeing me and my sister huddled up sobbing. Of course they ask us what’s wrong. We tell them everything, but as I’ve said before they are not paranormal believers. They said we’ve watched to many scary movies. We were watching Rapunzel when this happened. That was when she was 8. A few months before her 10 birthday she started acting weird. She’d break things and when asked why she said the man made her do it. But it went from breaking to fighting to threatening. One particular time was when were home alone giggling while watching sponge bob when she takes this deep breath in and walks away. I thought she was in the bathroom. But when I turn around she’s standing there with a knife. She says I’m sorry, but the man says you have to go. And then she runs towards me. I screamed so loud and ran out of that house. I refused to go back in until my parents got home. I told them my little sister threatened me. When questioned she started crying saying she didn’t do anything. Fast forward to her birthday.  She was freaking out because the night before she said the man wanted her to hurt someone she loved. She broke down when I said she was dreaming and ran outside. She was at the bottom of the driveway staring at the road. I asked her what she was doing and she said she knew how to fix her problem. I asked what problem and she turned to me and said the man wants me to hurt someone I love, but what if I hurt myself so I can’t hurt anyone else? I freaked out and tried running to her. But I was to late. My ten year old sister jumped in front of a car, killing herself. I screamed causing neighbors and parents to come out of houses when they saw the limp body of my sister bleeding out, they called 911. The ambulance rushed her to the hospital but they said it was to late. She was dead before they got there. I haven’t told anyone it was a suicide. The man driving the car is now going to prison, apparently he was drunk driving and he hit my sister they are charging him of murder. At my sisters funeral I was crying looking at her coffin saying I wish you didn’t, when I heard it, the sniffles of my baby sister crying in regret. I miss her everyday and when I go there I can hear her. Sorry for the long and sad story coach.