Hey Courtney I love your videos and I wanted to tell you about the crazy experience I had with my neighbor. So to give you an  idea I live on the corner of two streets, I have houses on each side of my house and my grandmas house is right behind mine and this lady lived across from her. One night I was dead asleep and woke up at 11 to what sounded like someone mowing their lawn. I thought to myself that there is no way someone would be mowing their lawn in the middle of the night so I get up open and look out the window that is above my bed and faces the street.At first I don’t see anything but then I look at the house across the street from my grandmas and see a woman outside her front door in her nightgown using a leaf blower. I was so shocked that I woke up my sister and she came into my room to see for herself and there she was.now keep in mind I’ve lived here my whole life so 20 years and never seen anyone ever go in or out of that house so it was really weird.we sat there watching her for a good 20 minutes to see if maybe she would stop and go inside but she kept turning her leaf blower on and off and she would walk around blowing her porch, driveway, the road and even got inside her garden and blew that too. We didn’t know what the fuck was happening and all of the sudden she went inside and it stopped. We thought maybe we could finally go back to sleep then we see a man and a child walk out of the house, get in a car and leave we assume it was her husband and child that left due to her mental break.To this day I don’t think they have come back. After they left she came back outside with the fucking leaf blower I was getting pissed because by now it’s about midnight.So I go wake up my parents and my dad goes outside to try and tell her to stop but he said he was standing on my grandmas driveway directly across the road flashing a flashlight to get her attention and it did not faze at all.she did not even notice my dad standing just feet away from her. He said she then went back in the house and came back with what looked like cardboard or broken down boxes that she began laying out on the ground outside her front door. My dad still watching her is completely clueless as to what this crazy lady is doing then she just randomly decides to bring the cardboard back inside her house and comes back out with you guessed it... the fucking leaf blower.So he comes back inside to tell us that hopefully she will stop and that him and my mom are going out on the porch to talk since they were already awake.my sister and I are still sitting on my bed watching her house when the leaf blowing stops and for the 100th time maybe she is finally done with her psychotic episode. We no longer can see her in front of her house so we think she went back inside so we are just talking about everything that had just happened when I hear something outside that sounds like talking so I ask my sister if she heard someone talking and she said it was just our parents but I say I knew it didn’t sound like them and it came from the opposite direction of our porch. After a few seconds of silence I hear something that stills sends chills down my spine. I heard a woman say “Yoo-hoo” in a sort of sing-song voice.I immediately went in to panic mode and started crying and shaking as I closed and locked my window.I was convinced that she knew we were watching her and she was coming to kill us.My parents come back inside and ask me what happened as I’m hysterically crying. I told them what happened and my dad went back out there.When he came back he said she was just walking her dog and that’s why she said Yoo-hoo. I felt slightly better knowing she wasn’t talking to me but isn’t it still strange to walk your dog at 12:30AM in your nightgown? Safe to say I haven’t seen her since then but every time I look at her house I swear she does laps around turning on lights and then turning them off because that’s all I see. Crazy leaf blower lady? Let’s never meet again.