hi, my name is madison and this story is about what me and my friend thought to be a screaming woman living across the street. my friend jacob and i were around 10 maybe 11 years old when this traumatizing yet funny story takes place. so my friend and i live in a very small town in georgia, like there is literally nothing here, i live in a so called “neighborhood” but my only neighbors were my grandparents, him, the big creepy ass house across the road, and some people who lived father down the road. anyways my point is there isn’t shit to do and so we stayed outside from early in the morning to as late as our parents would let us stay out at night just doing random stuff because combing both of our properties we had a lot of land. one week we stayed out later than usual, we stayed out until maybe 11-11:30 and we were sitting on the swing in my front yard just savoring some of the last moments before we had to go inside when we seen all the lights come on in the house across the street and then flash off. we both looked at each other like did you see that shit too and just kinda shrugged it off but then maybe 2 minutes after we heard a blood curtailing scream come from the house across the street. now mini back story on the guy who lives there, he has a wife but at the time she was staying with some family in another state and all his children/grand-children had went home by now but i remember feeling my chest tighten up and i began to like sorta flip the fuck out while trying to look like i didn’t care and act tough even though we both probably nearly shit ourselves, anyways we decided not to say anything to our parents because maybe we just heard things, so the next few nights it happens again and again and eventually we tell his dad because he seemed like the only one who would believe us. so his dad stayed out with us that night and watched as the lights would flash and the scream began, the look on his face changed from interest to pure amusement, confused and still absolutely terrified we asked him what he thought was so funny and he told us that it was an animal making that noise. now idk if you know much about owls because i don’t know shit but apparently there is a fucking owl that is known as a screeching owl or something that sounds like a woman screaming and it just so happens that a screeching owl lived in the mans carport. now as far as the lights coming on and flashing back off i’m not sure.. they still do that to this day. but anyways sorry this story was kinda long for such a dumb ending but at the time my 10 year old self was very concerned and to be honest terrified.