Hi Courtney. My name is Gabrielle (Gabby). I’m 20 years old & I’m from Tennessee. I have 2 eerie stories that happened to me but for now I’ll do a part 1. I’m not sure if you’ll see this story, it’s long but definitely worth reading. First I’ll start by saying my best friend, Kelsey, was murdered after our high school graduation in 2017 by one of her boyfriends “friends”. She was reported missing July 1st, 2017 & was found July 4th just a couple blocks from where she went missing. A few weeks prior, I moved in with my boyfriend about 3 1/2 hours away from my hometown. Keep in mind, my boyfriend never got to meet Kelsey, though we talked about it. June 30th we spent the night at a friends house. I had a feeling to msg Kelsey but at the time I didn’t have service or WiFi & I was falling asleep. I told myself I’d msg her the next day once I got home around WiFi. The next morning I wake up around 6am to the news that Kelsey was missing. My mom couldn’t get ahold of me to tell me, so she msg my boyfriend until he answered. I was so shocked because this was definitely out of character for Kelsey. So once she was found, July 4th, my boyfriend & I decide to go to my hometown to attend her candle light vigil at the church just blocks away from where they found her as well as to be w family, friends & her family. Fast forward to a couple days after her vigil. It’s about 9pm or so, my boyfriend & I were in the back seat of my moms car, mom was in the drivers seat & her boyfriend in the passenger seat. We were parked at an abandoned house on a big hill just looking over the city trying to clear our minds. I was still upset of course, so I was lying down with my head in my boyfriends lap. We kept feeling this really cold spot in front of us & it just stayed there. All of a sudden my boyfriend just like drops his head down with his face right in my face. I stare for maybe 10-15 seconds. I got so freaked out because it definitely didn’t feel like I was looking at him. It didn’t even feel like he was in the car with us anymore. It was like I was locked eyes with someone else & he was making a face that I’ve never seen anyone make except for Kelsey when she was upset. To make it more odd, Kelsey & my boyfriend both have blonde hair & blue eyes. Only Kelsey’s were a deeper blue while his are a lighter blueish grey. Well that night, his eyes looked deep blue like hers did. I got this eerie feeling, put my hand on his forehead, shoved his head far back & scooted all the way to the other side of the back seat away from him. He started freaking out asking what was wrong. I was crying & honestly screaming & I wouldn’t let him touch me for like 10 minutes. I was panicking. I asked him why he was staring at me like that, but he swore he never looked down at me. My mom said she was looking in the rear view mirror & she or her boyfriend never saw him look down. I felt so crazy because I know it happened. He said he felt me looking at him but he couldn’t look at me & after I shoved his head back, it was like he snapped out of it. He had tears coming down his cheeks & he felt weird. Then he told me he had this word repeating itself in his head, a word he had never heard before, but he didn’t want to say it because he didn’t want to sound stupid. I finally got it out of him & he tells me the word is “G-rad”. I almost puked tbh, because there was no way he knew that word. My last memory with Kelsey was at graduation. Me & our other best friend, Chasity, had an argument with Kelsey before graduation. Graduation night, everyone was getting their caps & gowns on & taking pictures. Me & Chasity find Kelsey & we made up with her. Mine & Kelsey’s very last moments together was in the lockers talking. There were boys around us excited & they were punching lockers saying “G-rad”. Me & Kelsey just laughed at them.