Hey, im back again with another story. Its from the same summer trip actually. Its pretty weird two really strange things happened in the same time period. Again while I was out of town along with both of my parents, my sister “Alyssa” was home alone. Of course shes a teenager so she threw a small party/get together with a good handful of her friends. The way my neighborhood is, is we have small blocks and many houses backs face each other. The backyards are separated only by fences and bushes. I have one quite old neighbor, ill call him Josh. Josh is an old man who smokes and is very quiet and kept to himself. Im not sure if he ever had a wife or anything of that sort. Hes a very kind man though being that he is very old and smoking for a lot of his life leaves him needing a bit of health care at home. Though we never see anybody go in or out of his house. A little backstory about josh is he is good friends with my dad. They have known each other for years and years. He has a backyard but its more of a deck type thing. Ive seen him since I was little and very clearly remember what he looks like. Recently he became sick from cigarette smoking and old age and moved from his house into professional care. But before that he stopped being able to maintain his plants and things in his backyard, so everything became overgrown and difficult, considering his yard is connected to ours and only separate by a thin picket fence. We helped him clean it up but never saw him during that time. We thought it was strange but nothing crazy since my dad had talked to him over the phone. Pur kitchen was in perfect sight of his living room in which we could only see his TV which was always on either static or glitchy animal planet. weird huh? We soon left for vacation. One of my sisters friends, ill call him anthony, had to use the bathroom. So he used our downstairs, which is right next to back door leading out to the yard. While anthony is using the restroom he looks over out of the window and sees a tall woman with an afro looking at him. He couldn’t make out any face and so he quickly finished using the restroom to get my sister who of course went to talk to her considering it was strange that she was watching a teenage boy pee am i right. My sister opened up the window to talk to her but never got a response. My sister said she talked for around 15 minutes and never once did the lady respond to her. So she let it be. My sister was never able to make out a face either. Creepy, he never had visitors, or at home nurses. I forgot to mention this took place the same night that Jessica heard the cocktail party in my downstairs. Again I know this was long but I hope you enjoyed it. :)