**“Bye Mom, I'm heading out” I said as I rapidly opened the front door. “Okay, have fun” She said. Then she paused for a second looking unsure. I stood there staring at her. “Dont stay out too late, and Stay safe, don't do anything stupid”. She said, giving me a serious glare. I agreed and left the house. I was then greeted by my best friend Miguel and his girlfriend India. Miguel and I have been best friends ever since elementary, as we are now juniors in high school. His girlfriend India and I have been friends ever since her and Miguel got together in freshman year. “Took you long enough,” Miguel said while we did our famous handshake. “Yeah, my mom was giving me a lecture about staying safe and not to do anything stupid”. I stated, a little embarrassed. “Well that's because you're her only child, so she's overprotective”. India proclaimed. Miguel nodded in agreement. “Yea I guess so” I said just going along with it. “I'm pretty hungry, you guys down to get some grub” Miguel said while rubbing his stomach. “Sure”. India and I agreed. We started walking toward the inner city to check out our options. It was going to be a 20 minute walk from where we were but I didn't mind it. As we were walking we passed by a few schools but one stood out in particular. “That’s Sunlight Elementary”. India stated while pointing at the building. “Yea babe, what about it, it's been abandoned for a few years now?, Miguel said. “You know why?” India asked. “Yea didn't they go bankrupt or something”. He replied. “No it's far worse” India said while her eyes got wider. I looked at her, now intrigued, and Miguel followed. After the kids had lunch, they all started experiencing symptoms of vomiting, excruciating stomach pains, and random bleeding from private areas while using the bathroom. 600 of those kids died, after that no one went to that school and then that's when all the bankruptcy stuff happened”. “So what was wrong with the kids”. I asked, interested. “Well it wasn't until months later, that the lunch lady confessed to poisoning all of them”. India stated. “Holy shit” Miguel said. “That’s crazy,” I added. “Yea, now there’s a rumor going around that the dead kids haunt it, which is why it's been abandoned for so long”. India finished. “I don't believe in ghosts,” Miguel snarled. If you're so brave how about you go check it out”. I antagonized. Miguel smiled. “Fine I will, I just need to eat first”. He stated. India looked a little uneasy. “How about we all go explore it after we eat”?  She butted in. Miguel instantly agreed, and I thought it was a smart idea to stay together just in case rumors were true in which I doubted. We made it to a burger joint, and we ate. After we headed back to the direction of Sunlight Elementary. After hopping a few fences, we made it on inside. Then I froze in fear as I saw a cop car drive by. “Hide” I whispered as we all hid under the play structure. The cop luckily did not see us and drove off. We all sighed in relief. “Wait, How are we going to get in”? I asked nervously. Miguel then reached into his pocket and pulled out a paper clip. India and I looked at him in confusion, wondering why he had a random paperclip in his pocket. “I had a feeling we would explore abandoned shit today so I just bought it just in case”. He said. I nodded. We crawled from under the play structure and started heading toward the cafeteria which seemed to be connected to the majority of the buildings to the school. As we waited for Miguel to pick the lock, I looked around examining our surroundings until I froze. There was a face staring down at us. It was too high up to analyze any features, but I know that was a face. My heart started pounding rapidly. The only words I could muster was “Look up”. Miguel had finished picking the lock as they looked up. “Very funny bro” Miguel laughed. India smirked. I looked back up only to find no one there. I stood there in confusion as Miguel and India entered the cafeteria. I was still uneasy about what I saw. I put it off as my mind playing tricks on me. We entered the cafeteria. It was filled with unorganized tables and chairs. Everything was dirty and rusty. We found and entered the kitchen. Miguel opened the refrigerator door, as a gust of cold air breezed by. It was empty but very dirty. It was filled with brown mold. “Ewww” India said, revolting. We left and went into a hallway that contained empty classrooms. On closer inspection we noticed that some classrooms were open but some were locked, like someone had been here recently. We entered a random classroom and joked around as if we were actual teachers. Everything was funny until there was a noise coming from the floor above us. We all froze. “Did you guys hear that? I whispered. Miguel and India gave me horrified glances and nodded in agreement. “Let's get out of here” Miguel stated, now terrified. We all lightly jogged until Miguel, who was in front of us, suddenly stopped. “Oh shit” he muttered. Blocking the entrance to the cafeteria, was a young boy. His eyes were nothing but a void of darkness, as blood oozed from his sockets. We stood there in silence expecting him to start after us but he never did. Instead he whistled. We stood there in confusion until we heard footsteps coming from behind him. What emerged could only be described as unnatural. It looked like a human but its appearance was nothing more than ungodly. It wore what seemed to be a human skin mask, but its joints bent at unnatural angles as it stood on all fours. “What the hell is that?” Miguel asked as tears rolled down his cheeks. India broke us out of our trance and pulled us to insinuate for us to run, and we did down the hall. We did not know where we were going but we tried every door but everyone seemed to be locked. Rapid footsteps were approaching as we wouldn't have for Miguel to pick the lock again. We tried the last door and luckily it opened. We entered and locked the door behind us. We all held each other as we shook in fear. It was pitch black in the room. I took out my phone and turned on my flashlight. I flashed my surroundings and what we saw would forever haunt me in all my dreams to come. There was a naked young lady tied to a chair with her legs spread open. Her belly looked plump as she looked a few months pregnant. I flashed the light on the ground and saw what seemed 5 baby corpses on the floor but something was off about them. They all were skinless, as muscles now showed themselves. One of their mouths was wide open and it was filled with razor sharp teeth. “Those aren't babies” India said shakingly. “Get me out of here..” A soft voice spoke. It was the nude lady. We didn't respond, but instead looked at her in pity. “It uses me for reproduction, it just comes when it feels like it and rapes me, and what comes out is what you see on the floor. Some of them don't survive, but most of them do, You should’ve never come here”. India put her face in her hands and started breaking down. “We are gonna get you out of here”. Miguel said, trying to sound confident. We untied her as India flashed the light toward our direction. Her eyes now red from the tears. We helped her stand up as she stumbled and hit against the door. We froze. “I'm so sorry” she whispered, now maintaining her balance. Just then rapid footsteps made their way down the hallway and stopped at the door we were contained in. There was a brief pause and then the door ripped off of its hinges. The creature snarled, as it showed its rotted and insanely sharp teeth. I expected it to rip us all apart one by one but instead it grabbed India, Miguel, and I by our shirt collar. He slashed the naked lady in the face as blood sprayed across the walls, and she collapsed onto the floor. Before looking away in horror, I noticed her mutilated eye on the floor. We kicked and screamed for our freedom but it was no use. It brought us upstairs and threw us in an empty room that only had one window facing in the building so there was no way out of here. We sat there crying for what seemed like hours. We then heard singing. The only word that I heard from their singing was Supper. We all peeked through the window and saw black eyed children emerge from downstairs and form a circle. Most of them had deformities, and did not look like anything that should be on this earth. They looked the opposite way from us as if they were waiting on someone. And out something came. It looked similar to the creature that put us in this room but it was much larger, and more unsettling. It started making its way toward our direction, and instead of ripping the door open, it went straight toward the window. It broke the glass and grabbed a hold of Miguel pulling him through the window as glass fell on the floor. Noooo, India and I yelled in unison. That thing ripped Miguel apart as he screamed in agony, body parts and blood splatters flew across the room and onto the circle of black eyed children. They ran around ripping the flesh off of Miguel's now dead body, and licking up the blood splatters. India and I hugged each other and cried for a while. It's been a few days since Miguel was killed. We called the cops but they never showed up and that was yesterday. My mom called today, and she thought I was spending the night over Miguel's house without asking her. I told her the truth but she was furious and thought I was pranking her, I kept telling her I was serious but then she told me to get home right away and then hung up. I'm typing this now so that hopefully someone see’s this and calls for help. India and I have been trying to escape out the broken window but we know that thing is watching. So Please send help because I don't think there’s much more time until its Supper again….**