 How Draven has changed my life  Every morning I wake up to my limited edition loltyler1 alarm clock playing Draven's champion theme. I throw off my Draven sheets and give my Draven body pillow a quick kiss before I roll out of bed. I brush my teeth with bloodrush (loltyler1.com discount code: ALPHA) and lock in Draven in a practice tool just to hear him say "Welcome to the league of Draven." I close the client and run out to catch my bus to go to first grade. It's the first day of school, but I'm not scared, because I have all of Draven's voice lines on my iPod Touch. When the teacher hands out the first math assessment, I think to myself "What would Draven do?". And then I remember--Draven does it all . . . with style! I get in trouble for calling Mrs. Simmons a bitch and throwing my spinning axe at her. I have to move my clip to the yellow light. If mommy finds out again I will lose ranked privilege for a week. Last time it happened I almost killed myself (in game) after playing 7 normals with filthy casuals in a row. Why won't my lux walk up? Why did she start dark seal? But it okay, because I am a Draven player. I think to myself, what would Draven do? I right-click the enemy fountain. "Now this is how to move" I repeat to myself. I am zoomin in the foreign so fast right now. Draven really does do it all. After drinking from enemy fountain four games in a row, riot sends me on a 2-week vacation. Mummy finds out I got put on vacation again and puts me in time-out. She is a yuumi player. She could not understand. Father was a jax player, but he was never around. Alpha as fuck. Mummy also found out I called Mrs. Simmons📷📷📷*\[*10:27 AM*\]*a bitch. She said I need to be nicer, or at least less aggressive. I told her "Subtle? I don't do subtle." She says she will take away my Draven funko pop if I don't behave. I am running away from home with all of my Draven goodies. Draven will protect me. I am on unfamiliar street now. Car go by like zoom. All of a sudden bright light come. Rammus has Q me. It is 6 minute in and he has thornmail. My vision start to fade out. Then I hear it. Faintly. Sweetly. "This is where Draven shines." I cum. Rammus one shot in head. Draven skin turtle and wear his face. He turn around. I say "wait Draven, how do I be like you?". He say "No followin' these footsteps." and bloodrush away. I cum again. I grow up some. I still have Draven sheets. My Draven mustache is down to my chin. Every day I practice spin axe. Every day I pray to Draven to smite yucky ezreal players. Every day I curse riot for oppress Draven and for creating primetime. Soon I escape. Soon I join Draven in promised land. I never give up. I never stop spin axe.