I'm trustworthy, charming, confident and humble mixed in one. You are probably a vulnerable, naive, curious girl that intended to explore something worth wild. Allow me to gain your trust, seduce you perfectly. Tell me some of your secrets after we begin to build delightful conversations and figure out how much we have in common. Tell me things you probably shouldnt tell someone you just met. Like what area you live in, what hours of the day you are alone, how careless you are about locking up before you go to sleep at night. Tell me about your past and I'll pretend to share similar stories to seems as though we just fit. We get closer through out the night as we laugh and flirt. Suddenly you cant remember how many drinks you have and although our time together has been dreamy, you realize it's best for you to go home in hopes to recapture this glimpse of romance tomorrow thru text. You need to go home and the gentleman in me wants to make sure you make it so I can see you again. You assure me you're a big girl and can see your own way home but I firmly insist. You cant combat me much because the alcohol is sailing the ship at this point. I begin to get more touchy than I was all night and you begin to get more worry yet wet from the possibility of being taken. You decline my advances and the more you do the more persistent I become. The more ravishness and the increasing intensity takes masks over me as you begin to realize I am transforming into an animal before your eyes but you know there is nothing you can do at this point because I'm obviously for more clever than you anticipated. I'm stronger than you realized. I'm not as gentle as I once seemed. No longer am I there to charm and entertain you. My alter ego has arrived and you are unsure how to behave. It's as though I am suddenly a stranger in your presence. You may yelp, you may quiver in fear, you may drift in to that void you drift to when you're alone. You will be held under my control. We both know who you are and why you came to meet me. This is our first contact but will surely not be the last. You are mine now.