If there is perhaps one character in the Cobra Kai universe that deserves more appreciation, it’s Robby Keene. Is he flawed? Yes. Does he have the fashion sense of a sad E-boi who posts dispiriting Bart Simpson edits? Also yes. However, despite the lack of focus on his character and his obvious slip ups, there is substance to Robby Keene. Of all the characters in Cobra Kai, hell, perhaps in the entire Karate Kid universe (barring Mr. Miyagi, WWII, and the concentration camp), he has had the worst go of it. His mother is a lush and neglectful, their pantries barren to the point where Robby is possessive of what little food they have. His father was and still pretty much is a deadbeat who has exercised little to no interest in Robby—at least as far as Robby can discern (and Robby’s not exactly wrong despite how guilty Johnny may feel about it. Johnny, as he said himself, gave up on Robby at day one). To support himself, and because no one was providing him with the tools he needed to succeed in life, including his mom, dad, teachers, etc.) Robby’s mentor, Daniel, is somewhat capricious and definitely temperamental, going from fatherly to cold as soon as the winds shift. Robby’s new girlfriend, who believes the best in him, is having second thoughts about their relationship—and all over the guy who your deadbeat dad seems to have pseudo-adopted like he can pick and choose his kids. I’m not surprised he had a rage moment in the last episode of season two—it was a long time coming. Do I condone what he did? No. He must face the consequences of his actions—quite likely in a court of law. Robby, like all the characters on this show, is inherently flawed. However, as we’ve seen throughout the series, underneath the rage and the bitterness and the delinquency, is a good kid who’s been dealt a godawful hand and is resilient as hell to have turned out as well as he has. Also, I’ve been pissed at Johnny since episode one over his treatment of Robby—it actually gets in the way of me liking Johnny even though he’s pretty much the fan fave. Ayyt, I’ve said my piece. Feel free to tear me to shreds.