Okay, to start off, im a 16 year male with depression, anxiety, and dpdr. I've suspected ive had some ocd and intrusive thoughts but not diagnosed.  I cant even think straight right now so bear with me guys. Also, im super scared to see a counselor about this because of some of the things i did. Okay, im about to just say everything guys because I'm so fucked up i hate myself. Starting from the beginning, at age 7 or 8 me and my sister (she was about 9 or 10) would make out and kiss naked and look at each other naked and she would sit in the bathroom and tell me "love stuff" to get my "penis to stand up." This didn't go on for too long maybe a few months but long enough for me to remember it all.  I honestly thought we were in a relationship and we just kinda stopped one day and left it unresolved and still to this day i feel some attraction to her and incest-like porn turns me on. I started watching porn at around age 11 or 12 and that's also when i started masturbating. What i did at age 12 or 13 makes me want to actually kill myself.... I was watching some porn and i wanted to know what a dick tasted like, so, i don't know why I did this but I went to my little brother who was asleep and i just put my tongue on his thingy and i kinda sucked it oh my god idk why I did it im not even gay I didn't even like it I was just curious and idek what to think anymore thats my brother and I did that to him. He doesn't know about it though thank God I would definitely kill myself if he knew about that. I think im a pedophile now at age 16 because i sometimes feel attraction to girls who were the same age as my sister when we did that stuff. Also, because of everything ive done in the past and my whole life ive just been so horny and have so many fucked up kinks and have no one to blame but myself. I was born a fucked up person and this is probably how im gonna be forever what kid does the stuff I've done?!?! I've been stressing about everything I've done in the past and idk if i can live with the guilt guys. Idek what the point of posting this was I guess I just want to know what i can even do about this and stop stressing over it. I would never do anything i did in my past ever again but I'm just so scared and angry and disgusted with myself. I hate myself so much and idk what to do. I cant stop thinking about it all. It kills me.