Im so over downing someone in Warzone and them just rage quitting like a bitch (not sure the rules on cussing but id use a much more intense word to describe these people). When this happens, you dont get kill credit on that person AND they leave with all their stuff so you get NOTHING for killing them. No cash, armor, NOTHING. This feels more of a tactic to rage quit rather than how most games will punish you for it. Also while we’re on the topic of downs, why can a teammate steal my kill if i down them..? Hell, why can ANYONE thirst my down and get the credit for it. Ive had multiple games where i had around 15 DOWNS and around only 3 kills because i focus on knocking everyone instead of instantly thirsting. So say i knock someone and go to push their teammate while my teammate heals up but hes out of armor so he needs to thirst him in hopes of finding armor. But now my teammate is awarded the kill for doing something as simple as that. Or someone from 400+ meters away with a thermal sniper can just thirst to get his first kill of the game after camping for 15 minutes. Its a mechanic that NEEDS to be fixed. I think this is either due to the self revive mechanic or they just never tested someone rage quitting while downed in studio which makes sense. But overall im really enjoying the game, the positives do outweigh the negatives, especially seeing that we’re only in week one of release, but im hoping this is something that gets changed soon. One other improvement i can think of is when you have 1 and 2/3 armor and pop another, you should just go up to 2 and a half armor instead of wasting a whole plate for potentially a 1/3 of a slot of armor(if you have more than 2/3 armor it does fill that plate and the whole next one but thats only if its slghtly damaged). I say all this on the small chance someone of influence sees this and takes it into consideration, its so frustrating not being rewarded for killing someone and it can easily be fixed. Im curious if anyone disagrees with my opinions.