In Iran, a new group has begun to form near the border with Afghanistan. Calling themselves the Rose Society, they exist for one reason. To make a profit. Divided into separate groups, each has its own role to play in the organization. Members of the Green Rose Clan exist primarily to grow and produce opium and heroin. They farm the crops needed to produce it, and they make up the bulk of the revenue of the Rose Society, though they are still a relatively small operation at the moment. Those within the Orange Rose Clan are typically the enforcers. Young, enthusiastic men full of ambition, those who bear the Orange Rose are typically carry weapons, and are at least somewhat familiar with how to use them. The Yellow Rose Clan is used for members involved in other mediums of profit. These are typically the people who help build industry for the drug producers, and they make blades and other weapons. Typically some of the best educated members of the Society, the Yellow Rose Clan bears influence throughout Iran, and helps move the products produced by the Green Rose Clan. Those who are known as the White Rose Clan are not truly a clan, at least compared to the other clans. Members of the White Rose are children caught up in this game. Serving as scouts and smugglers, they are unaware of their actions, though as they grow older, many join one of the more formal clans. In contrast to The White Rose Clan, The Black Rose Clan can be considered the cruelest of the Rose Society. As a black rose cannot be produced naturally, neither can a member of the Black Rose Clan. There are two ways into it. One must ether kill an uninvolved innocent, or have been taken in as a child, where a brutal upbringing will suppress the kids and turn them into ruthless killers. The only way out is death. The members of the Black Rose are fewer in number than all others, but are extremely feared. They only serve to kill the enemies of the leaders of the Rose society. Then, there is the Purple Rose Clan. Members of the Purple Rose are selected from the other clans, and serve as the leaders of the society. They make all the choices within it. There is also The Blue Rose clan. Members of the Blue Rose are those who serve entirely as an intelligence agency for the Society, and they report back to the Purple Roses. They also run the blackmail racket. There is also the Red Rose Clan. The Red Rose clan runs prostitution, and they are also highly profitable. They have also established themselves as firmly not caring about people’s sexualities and such. The Rose Society as a whole typically cares little, but only the Red Rose actively caters to them, with their brothels serving anyone who can pay. They also offer their workers freedom and safety from the rules of Iran, and as such have a less male dominated structure than the other Clans. They are also less Shia dominated, with Sunni and even a few Jewish and Zoroastrian members of note. The Pink Rose represents the white collar crime branch: composed of lawyers, doctors, and accountants, the Pink Rose primarily handles taxes, and also attempts to manipulate the law to do their bidding. These Clans come together to make up the Rose Society, which is a group that is expanding in Iran due to the government not taking action to stop them. There is also a rumor going around that members of the Purple Rose have ties to the Iranian government.