I don't know if this is the right place to post this but yeah. I finished my A levels in march 2019 and was scheduled to attend college In Spring 2020 for a undergrad marketing program. I chose a later date because of my low predicted and actual scores so that I could boost my profile by preparing for SAT and have a better chance of acceptance at colleges. Sure enough I got a 1440 and received an admit for The University of Alabama at the time, but for whatever reason my VISA interview was rejected and there wasn't much I could do as it was just 4 days prior to when my term began and there wasn't enough time to book another one. The college counsellors advised me to defer my term until Summer 2020 and I was fine with it.  Meanwhile I received two other admits from Arizona State for the fall 2020 term and from USF for the Summer II term. My original plan was to attend Bama for a year and hopefully be able to transfer at Carnegie Mellon but the COVID situation has pretty much fucked my chances of doing so. I intended on doing Online courses with Bama and pay full tuition and join campus later when the restrictions lifted but my father's backed out of paying up for the degree. He's asking me to do this online HND degree from the UK for 2 years at a cost of about GBP 6000. I don't want that. I've proposed on me taking out a loan and him being the cosigner but he doesn't want to listen. I wanted to join a college in the US for a variety of reasons. I produce music and I'm really into the creative side of things but where I'm from these things aren't given any value. So my brilliant plan was to get acquainted with people, socialise and travel while completing my 4 year degree and basically make contacts which would help me later in my exploits and shit I'm passionate for. I don't know what to do at this point and I'm shitting bricks. Is paying $14000 dollars for an online term worth it, or should I defer my program or should I go forth with the UK degree. I feel so fucking stupid and helpless at this point. Am I being paranoid for no reason at all? Thanks