Hello all, I am looking for some advice regarding my current situation. I am currently in my freshman year of college at an out of state university. I am originally from California, but I decided that it would be a great idea to get far away from home and step out of my comfort zone. The school I am at is really nice. The campus is beautiful and I've made quite a few friends here, but the out of state tuition is absolutely atrocious. I made the mistake of not looking into the finances when deciding to come here. Me and my family members, who are very low income, have decided that it would be best for me to transfer schools. My plan was to transfer back into state, preferably to a UC, my junior year. I did some research for the requirements to transfer, and it does seem doable by junior year, but I was told by many people that community college students get priority over those already in a four-year. This has worried me quite a bit, because I do not want to risk the chance of getting rejected and getting stuck here. Also financially it seems a bit unrealistic. My first choice was UCSB because I already have a friend there, and the campus is gorgeous. I am also told that their Linguistics program is very good (I am a Linguistics major). I am now considering finishing one year here, dropping and going to community college for a year, and then transferring to UCSB. Here comes the next issue...the recommendation for linguistics majors is 2 years of one language and one year of a non-European language prior to transfer. My community college back home only offers Spanish. The language I started here is German. I can't really continue German if they don't offer it at any of the local ccs in my hometown. It's a complicated situation, but I really just want to here other's feedback. I think we can all agree that dropping out after a year and going to community college is better for me financially, but what am I supposed to do if I can't finish my major requirements at any cc. Once again any feedback would be amazing. Thank you! :)