Hey guys, I have a big decision to make soon and I wanted to view an outside perspective to the situation. Basically I applied to 7 schools but the only school I really wanted to go to was usc, I originally got rejected but I appealed my app and hear back friday. Anyways, I was committed to my state school but then I realized, I really don’t think I’m ready to go to college far away. I’m not sure if I’m ready to go to college at all. I’ve had anxiety in the past and it’s coming back. I heard back from Baruch (I didn’t want to apply there because I honestly don’t wanna go there but my parents wanted me to apply there). I got in after may 1st and I don’t have much time to make a decision. I was leaning more towards taking a gap year because I don’t think I properly went through the applicant process. I kind of applied to some schools without considering if I would actually math there. I didn’t apply to any schools near home except baruch. I’m really conflicted on what I should do. I don’t want to go to baruch. I don’t even know if I wanna major in business, I honestly don’t know what I should do. I was thinking of taking the gap year to decompress, (I am also ftm trans so I was thinking of using this time for my transition), redo the process with more research done on which schools I would like to go to with a clear head, retake the act (my dad said it looks bad if I take it 5 times but I thought schools didn’t see how many times I took it. But at the same time, I’m not sure how I would keep myself occupied within the gap year. I also don’t want to regret the gap year. Another con of the gap year is my dad said I won’t have a better chance than applying the first time and it looks bad that I took the act 5 times. My other option is going to baruch for a year and seeing if I like it or not. My dad advised this as the better option because it’s a good business school and it’s in the city. But I don’t wanna just go for a college for a year knowing I am going to transfer. I don’t really want to go to baruch. I kind of wanted that college experience of living in the dorms and on a campus and all of that fun stuff. But a pro to it is that it’s a good business school, my dad also said I would become more independent because I’d be in Manhattan and learn how to ride the LIRR as opposed to if I stayed home how would I learn to become independent. But also I could get a job which would teach me how to feel independent. I feel like I’m just stuck. I don’t want to go to baruch and I want to take the year off to redo the process but I’m afraid I may regret my decision or have too kk uh free time in the gap year. I can’t get the independent  experience if classes were to be online but if fall 2020 was online I also don’t know what I would be doing during the gap year. There’s no clear winner but I feel like if I took the gap year I would be possibly happier and have more time to relax but I also don’t know what I’d do in the gap year if it was online. I was also told my chances don’t increase with the gap year. To my dad baruch seems like the safer option but I just know that if I went there, I would want to transfer. I don’t want to go into a school knowing I will transfer. I’m really conflicted on this one guys. I was thinking my ideal situation would be if I got into usc on Friday, and can afford it, I would defer my admission for 1 year and take the gap year to become more independent and focus on myself but I also don’t know how much can change in the gap year.