Hello Everyone I'm a 20 yr old male , for about 6 months i  been having all symptoms of colon C . I have a colonoscopy/endoscopy in June 16th . Im 90 percent positive i have colon C . Biggest red flag was when I realized i was losing weight rapidly. In December I had a waist belt that fit me fine and I also had a second waist belt that didn't fit me at all but I loved it so much because it was my  style and favorite color, so I kept it around . In the beginning of April I noticed that my belt that I always wear was starting to get to big and wouldn't hold my pants up anymore. so I decided to try on my favorite belt  that didn't fit me at first and I realized that I was able to make it to the second row of holes . I decided to weigh  myself on the scale and I realized I lost close to 15 pounds with out diet or exercise.  I was at 225 lbs in December and today I'm almost at 205 lbs . Recently I've also realized that I'm feeling more sad and less energetic . Sometimes I feel light headed . im really sad at the moment because I never expected this to happen so early . But I been working on accepting the fact of my reality. I suffer from anxiety and depression as will . My parents know what I'm going through at the moment but it seems like they have higher hopes for me than I do for my self . My dad keeps saying I'm losing weight because I did change my diet ( a little ) , my mom says it's just my depression.  But I know something isn't right with me . I actually feel like I'm getting more slow when I move . I feel more tired . Ive always been a loner through out my life so I really don't have friends to talk to . I been thinking lately if I should go to the hospital as an emergency ???  I just feel so fatigued . Im not sure if its just my depression or the cancer already starting to advance . I did have a full physical exam last month . They found nothing wrong in my blood count , docotor said that my kidneys are working fine and everything else looked good. I did have a espogram x ray . They saw nothing wrong with my stomach or first part of my small intestine. But if anyone can give me better advice in what I should do now I would appreciate it . Im scheduled for a colonoscopy on June 16th . Should I keep battling my stymtoms until then or should I consider doing something else?  I just know anymore . Wish I had better guidance.  Thank you peeps