So I’m 29 came out at 27 to my parents although I’ve been out since I realized it to everyone else a lot sooner at 23. It took a lot to open up to my parents because they are strict catholics. They both just told me I was confused and to not bring it up again. In 2018 I ended up moving back home since my father is had 2 strokes &my mom quit her job to take care of him. In 2019 he had an another stroke and now also has kidney disease and is on dialysis. Mainly I moved back because my 2 youngest siblings one was in her senior year of high school and the other a freshman in college. They where about to quit university to help out and offset the expenses. I have 4 siblings 3 of them are accepting but my parents and most of my friends here have they same thoughts and keep trying to dismiss my sexuality. My other 2 siblings have families of their own now. So they can’t help out much. I’m a femme who likes femmes so to all of them who are homophobic I’m basically straight and just confused. I dated a couple men in high school but never went all the way with them yet it’s enough for everyone around me except my 3 siblings who accept me to dismiss my sexuality. It sucks because of the place I live. Being quarantined has made me realize I need to find a way to support my family from a far. I want to live freely again before moving back I had access to supportive friends and more ladies who are my type. I Didn’t feel like I was waking on eggshells at work. It’s awkward most of my coworkers are homophobic so I’m not out to anyone at work and it feels so gross but in the area my job is considered really well paying, but it’s less than what I made before. It’s just tricky because I need to make enough money to support my family here and be able to support myself in a more free city. My sisters graduate in 2 & 3 years so they should be able to help out after then to split the expenses for our parents. My mom is a really good parent besides being a homophobic person and my dad worked to support us so I feel I can’t abandon them. But I also want to be able to enjoy my life and maybe be able to find a nice lady.