My computer is a hand me down computer that my father made for me when The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim came out. I would usually leave my computer on sleep mode, not all the time. But pretty much twice a week. And one day I woke up to the computer off. So I turned it back on and next then you know blue lines everywhere. It went through normal startup, but it was trying to repair my pc and look for problems it ended up saying that there’s still problems. I wasn’t able to go into my pc. I jut saw a blue screen with some text and 2 buttons i can press. So I decided to just give it the old hold power button technique. And I think that was the wrong thing to do because the lines changed to a lighter blue. I got scared because maybe it was breaking even more when I did that. So I went to go advanced options after the startup screen and i clicked all the buttons, and none of them worked. I just told me to turn off my pc. So I did. Then the lines turned a dark blue. I was freaking out at this point and tried repeating everything I did, press all the buttons to fix my pc, and then unplug everything and plug it back. And no luck. Then I decided, maybe if I held the power button again, it will work this time. That was a big mistake because after that happened thin dark green lines appeared. Then it was thin dark green lines with the loading windows logo and then a black screen. Just black. My mouse wasn’t lighting up, my keyboard was lighting up. My monitor was on. I would turn it off and it said it was active, then just switch to black. And my fan was going really loud. I have no idea how to fix this, and I couldn’t find any tutorial online. They were all saying thin blue line, and that had a probably with the screen size. But mine how multiple thin blue lines that made it look like a thick blue line or a bunch of horizontal blue lines all over my screen. And my monitor was doing fine according to the monitor itself. But the computer wasn’t. Help will be greatly appreciated. I don’t know how to add anything pictures, but I took some. I’m sending this message on my iPad, so that’s probably the reason. I’ll answer any questions you have that can help me.