I'm posting this now so early risers will be aware of it but I will re post it closer to when i'm hosting the tournament which should hopefully start around 7pm est today. I want to host an 8 bracket (unless more people are interested) 1v1 tournament people will be chosen at random from the comments so post you origin name (pc only) and be ready to play and/or accept my invite from 7pm-9pm (just an estimate could go a lot faster) This is just an experiment to see if we can actually get enough people to play so the winner will only get bragging rights and a guaranteed spot in the next tournament which will if all goes well have more people and 20$ worth of apex coins prize. This is all just for fun, It will be streamed live and i will be recording to hopefully turn it into a youtube video and if it goes well I will do them bigger, more often and for more apex coins or amazon gift cards w.e people want. I will explain the rules more when were in the lobby but for this first tournament It will be wing man and pk only (I will let you know attachments in game ) it will be first to 10 kills path finder only, you are allowed to use grapple but not your zipline. you will have gold Armour and helmet and you will be given 6 bats and 1 phoenix kit, you can only use 1 bat per round but you can use your phoenix and 1 bat in the same round. I will explain the boundaries in game, if you are caught using the wrong attachments using an extra bat or going out of bounds you will get 1 warning and if you do it a second time it will be an automatic dq. You can use your mic in between rounds or when the other player is dead but no talking when your both alive fighting. If you have any questions ask in game so your positive of the rules. Let me know if anyone would be interested in this. Comment your origin name and be on between 7pm-9pm and I will pick random people to add, this is supposed to be fun so don't take it to serious I don't want anyone being toxic. upvote this so more people can see and it hopefully we can get more people. I just want to do an 8 bracket to start but if this gets lots of comments I will do a 16 for now but if enough people enjoy it and want to do more I will make them larger. It should be streamed live so you can watch other peoples 1v1s in between yours. Sorry for the grammer trying to type this quickly :) Best of luck!!!