One day a group of friends and I decided to bait a predator after getting some weird dms. We're teens (this happened really recently) and we faked being a teenage girl. This guy thought we were a teen girl and well, we baited a little too well. It came to the point where he basically became a sugar daddy, he offered his credit card for the chance to fuck irl. No one was expecting this, but anyways we got to it. He willingly gave us his number after doing a video call (we faked it by having low lighting and digging out a webcam from like 2002, and pulling out some a cheap toy microphone. We decided which of us sounded most feminine which was me (I'd been practising a girl voice for trolling people on discord) and I dressed in a wig and some clothes we found at the thrift store. I put some socks in my shirt to make it look like I had some tits and covered the lower part of my face with a bandana.) And we were not expecting to actually get his number, but we did. We tested it to see if it worked by ordering a pair of socks on Amazon, and sure enough it fuckin worked. We texted him that "I'll use it in a bit tho, I have to go to bed. Night!" And around 3:00am we texted him seeing if he was asleep. He didn't respond so we went apeshit on spending. I started at an oculus, some noise canceling headphones and some other shit, and eventually we fucking maxed out his card. When he woke up he was pretty mad to say the least, but he was desperate. He still wanted to meet up, so we basically stalled until everything had already started shipping. When some of the stuff started arriving we basically said "I changed my mind, I don't want to meet up" and this dude says he's gonna call the cops on us for "stealing" his credit card. We had screenshots of the whole conversation because we realised something like this might happen. We threatened back with the screenshots and he backed down. I don't know what kind of shit I'd get in trouble for if the cops ever do find out, but at least I have the screenshots. I still feel kinda guilty because we put him in some serious debt, and didn't come to the police instead. We haven't gone to the police with this and we really should have.