I play for honor on ps4 and I have a rep 40 account where I play regularly and farm for heroes that fit my playstyle. Now, I don't have any of the passes I farm for steel and that's how I buy my heroes and how I determine whether I buy said hero or not is I see both their compatibility with my playstyle and their compatibility in online games. But unlike me my brother bought both the year one pass, and the marching fire pass though he dosen't have more than seven hours on his account nor are any of his heroes past level thirteen. To me I found this interesting. The fact that someone would sink 140$ into a game and never touch it ever again afterwards. But that's besides the point. Due to him having the majority of the dlc characters this formed a nuclear test sight for  me. So whenever I reach rep 10 on a hero I'm working on I go and drop by his account to try out other heroes such as highlander and shaolin. Though I'd notice whenever I played them on his account they feel like god tier meanwhile after I buy them and play them on my account they feel strangely difficult. Except for highlander. He and conqueror are my faves but shaolin and shaman felt exceptionally difficult. Then I realized that there is a skill ceiling that effects who I'm queued with. I rarely find anyone below rep 30. So I went on his account, went into dominion games as conqueror and deflected almost every move these players would do. This peaked my interest even more. The next match I played highlander and spammed unlockables and the enemy team had no idea what to do. So then I started to use my brothers account for when I felt mad at the game and I'd just terrorize the younger players. I will join duels where I pretend to be on their low par of their expertise but in the final round I just pull an M. Bison and chew through them meanwhile taunting them and watching as their attacks get more tilted and frustrated as if they are mashing the buttons on their controller in a desperate attempt to escape. Anyways to summarize the story: I'm a smurf that plays in a sadistic way that is meant to infuriate other players.