35m Well here it goes the only people who know this are my sister and I. That first night is a night I won’t ever forget.  We have been fucking for 10 years. It started innocently when she caught me with her thong in the bathroom. She walked in on me jerking that Christmas. She laughed and asked if I was that honey which all I could say was ya. She told me don’t get cum on them because she might wear them later than day. I thought that was the end of it when she walked out. I finished my business and went about the day. Fast forward to that night and she slips into my room. She sits on the bed looks at me and asked if I finished, I asked what she meant and without missing a beat says cumming stupid. I was speechless we had always had a dirty joking relationship, this wasn’t the first time I heard her use the word cum, but normally it was in reference to girls I brought home and making sure I didn’t get them pregnant. This time however she wasn’t joking after a minute she asks again, I tell her I did. She smiled and asked if I liked the smell, which not gonna lie I loved it. The naughty dirty reality of it being her make it all the more hot. I told her I loved it and it was one of the best pair of panties I had ever smelt and tasted. She giggled and asked if I wanted a better taste. I think I turned 10 shades red in that moment, which made her love the situation all the more. At this point the bulge under the cover was becoming clear and she noticed. I told her I’d love a taste and I laid down assuming she was going to crawl on top she asks what I was doing, I told her I thought I was going to eat her out, she said that was for later and I should start with a finger to see if I really like it. As she stood up to take her pants off I was amazed with just how hot she really was. Her ass was perfect, and as she slowly pulled her thong off (the one I had been playing with earlier) I saw her pussy for the first time. It was nice and tight, didn’t have any beef curtains, and was waxed to perfection. She came and sat down by me and spread her legs. Looking at her all I wanted to do was dive in and when I made a move to get my face closer she stopped me and took my hand. She rested it over her pussy and leaned back. I couldn’t help but enjoy what was happening and gently massaged her for what seemed like forever. As she spread her legs further apart I slowly slid a finger in gently feeling the flex. I couldn’t wait so I quickly took a lick of my finger and loved the taste. She asked how I liked it and got her answer when I went back for more. As I fingered her she laid back and Enjoying the enthusiasm. When she finally was laid stretched out on the bed beside me squeezing her nipples through her shirt I couldn’t wait any longer I quickly flipped around and got my face against her. I took my first real lick and this made her moan. I couldn’t stop! As I licked harder and harder I felt her grab my boxers and pull them down. She started jerking me hard. I told her to slow down I didn’t want to cum to quickly. I crawled over he so my cock was above her and continued to eat her while she played with my cock. This was also when I discovered my sister loved having her ass played with when she begged me to finger her ass which that just made the situation that much more hot. This went on for a while then I could take it anymore and lowered my cock and felt her slide it into her mouth. She sucked my cock harder than I had ever felt it being sucked. She grabbed my hips and pulled me down. I no longer was going to have a easy time not cumming. I hate to say it I cam pretty fast after that. I didn’t give her any warning and when I exploded she sucked even harder. When I finished blowing my load I rolled off and she didn’t stop sucking me. She kept going till she knew she had pulled all of it out. I was laying there panting she flips around and comes cuddles with me, and told me she loved that I just cane in her mouth. We lay there for a long time cuddling naked. I asked if we would do that again and she said of course. We see each other at family holidays mostly and we always find time for at least one session. We both love a good eating out blow job and she still loves good ass play however now it’s not a finger but a fucking. I’ve always wanted to fuck her pussy rubberless but till one of us is fixed condoms it will be.