22 and male. I hate seeing good looking/attractive girls, in public, online, movies whatever, it’s torture to me, I have had one girlfriend in my life who I truly loved and wanted to marry, but it ended badly, like horrifically, agonising badly and I have been an isolated confused wreck ever since. Whenever I see a girl I am even slightly attracted to I start longing for them, not just in a sexual way but I instantly start building up a relationship and imaginary life with them in my head only for it to disappear when they walk away. I don’t really use social media anymore, too many hot girls that will never know I exist, I tried tinder for a while but months of non stop swiping with 0 matches just made me feel worse so I deleted it. The other day I was at a gas station filling up my car when I noticed a few lanes across from me this really cute girl putting gas in her tank, I immediately averted my eyes and turned around, I feel so unworthy, when I got back in my car I nearly started crying over how pathetic I am, I know I should just try talking to girls and it’s not that I don’t have any confidence, I just know the last thing these girls need is a guy like me approaching them, simply a waste of time on both parts. I haven’t watched porn in years because it’s the same thing, gorgeous women that I will never get to enjoy, and it reminds me of all the normal couples probably having sex at that time while I am jacking off alone, again. I don’t really have many friends either but I don’t think I am a bad looking guy, I’m tall, I work out a bit, have my own car and job but I never seem to attract any female attention, I am starved of it and it physically hurts sometimes, I cry a lot in bed at night, in my car, even sometimes when I go to the bathroom at work. Anywhere as long as I am not seen or heard. I will never tell the few people in my life how I feel, I am not close to my family, my younger brother was my only friend for years but now he has moved away for university and has lots of new friends and an interesting life. I can’t believe when I see guys cheating on their girlfriends or stringing along multiple girls at once, like just give me one person and I will give them the world, or at least as much of it as I can, I fear I am just a hopeless romantic doomed to walk alone as part of some sick joke from the universe. Sorry if this isn’t exactly the right category for my story but it’s the first time I’ve written everything down and even that just helps a little.