So this happened a little over 3 weeks ago and a friend said I should post here, so excuse me I'm not 100% sure how this works yet. Some background is that my mother, let's nickname her V for victim cuz that's what she acts like, she has always had an abusive behavior towards those around her, she would scream and be angry just to be angry and if anyone tried to ask her she would bring up shit from like 2-3 years ago to validate why she was mad. She also loved to beat mine and my siblings asses if we even looked at her wrong or brag to people about how she "put my dad in his place". Dont get me wrong he was horrible too watching us get beat cuz he was guilty for cheating on her or spending all the savings or whatever he was in trouble for but it wasn't him so he let it happen. There are thousands of story's I could tell today but I'll save those for another day, but my blessed daughter (D)is almost to her 11 month and I haven't talked to her bio father sence I was 3 months pregnant, and so he wants to talk he wants to make it up and he asks me about her. Also would be fitting to mention I'm not a teen, I'm 20 years old but am a new mom and have shitty job. SoI end up asking my dad about it because he tends to be more rational and ig my mom overheard and flipped out screaming "how could you let him take MY grandbaby" and shit like that. Obviously I try to chill the situation and we decided to sleep on it. My baby daddy (BD) tells his family and they seem nice on the phone and are super curious to meet her. Well a few days go by my mom makes sly remarks about how worthless I am as a mother, and how i ruined D life, but I want her to know all her family. This is where it gets shitty it was 3 days after contract with BD and I was initially going to go to work but my mom texted mean hour before I needed to leave saying "I'm sick I can't watch D", so I'm jumping to find a baby sitter and cant so end up calling out, and my anxiety jumps so I try to do chores take my mind off of it. She runs out cuz I'm being noisy with D is watching a very turned down show and I'm just wiping counters. Ok. Whatever. I'll go downstairs and do laundry. 20 min into the load, again she comes down screaming I'm playing with D on the floor so I stand up to be sort of shield. She stops the washer and throws the sopping wet clothes on the ground " Your grounded from doing laundry you shouldn't be using the washer...." and on it went. Had no idea about this grounding orshit like that a few more hours pass shes somewhat calm but stomps around upstairs, starts smoking in the house, and harassing me over txt till I decide I cant take the anxiety and start packing for me and D for a few nights away. Her favorite line when we fought was "there's the door leave if you dont like it" so I was, and by this point my dads home holding D while talking trying to calm down my anxiety. Here comes mom screaming and she starts hitting me over and over while I holding my hands up to stop her, another walks to D and takes her saying she would be better if I left. I cry and try to beg for my daughter back cuz i dont want her hurt in another altercation, that's when V sees my bags, she shoves  D at me and shoves me up the stairs cursing and everything pushes me out the door then takes my phone and smashes it in the concrete. I stand in shock for a minute cuz I'm barely dressed no shoes nothing so I go to leave take a walk chill off with D, I hear V yell if you leave your not welcome back. I was surprisingly fine with that and start a walk to my Best friend's house and when I get there she let's me talk to BD and he brings it up to his parents that I had been tossed out and so they were fine letting me stay regardless knowing me less then a week. And my boss and new family have been nothing but kind and work with me to help D while, my mother continues to harass me saying she would never treat her mother like this and how horrible I am I'm on the verge of blocking her but I want to see my siblings after this gets better so I dont. I'm probably going to start scheduling therapy appointments for myself cuz of the severe anxiety and depression caused by my mom that I blew off to my other doctors as post partum, and my new family is helping me go back to school and find a job (BD got to scared so it's just his parents and siblings) and now have bf that treasures me and my life is a full 180. I feel like I got a fresh start again and I'm so happy. Sorry for the long post but this is something that's been causing anxiety and unnecessary PTSD to my new household and hopefully a good rant will help that.