I had this senior in highschool who was good looking, and known to be a nice guy. I have never spoken to him in person back then, but since I transferred into the school quite late, people knew me by my name and I also stood out for being really quiet. As for him, he's known by quite a lot of people for his good looks. I have already graduated a few years ago, so I haven't met him in quite a long time. Last year, on December he messaged me on instagram and we started talking online, played COD together, and he seems quite nice but just a little odd since he have asked me about my opinions on marriage a couple times so I assumed he was a commited guy. A few days ago, around 8 o'clock at night he called me and said he's coming over to my house. I hinted that I didn't really want him to do so, but he didn't seem to get it so I just let him. I found out he was already parked opposite my house, so I walked out and said hi to him. He sat on the curb, and I sat on a stone pot next to him. We talked and I noticed he was drunk and reeks of cigarettes, but I let it slide. He asked to hold my hand and I let him, no big deal. He kissed my knuckles, no big deal... right? But then, he started kissing up my forearm, then it proceeds to what seems like frenching it, licking, sucking, etc. rubbed his face on my hand and acting really weird. He said he's going to go back but then when I said OK, he told me he was joking and wanted to stay and didn't want to leave because "you taste sweet". I wanted to go back, but since I was trying to be nice I decided to just stay there. He then told me to sit on the curb, closer to him and my dumb ass did that. He just put his arm around my waist and leaned in trying to kiss me. There, I said no and he stopped but started making out with my hand again, tried to trail those kisses up to my arm, and probably heading towards my neck, and I stopped him. He told me to at least moan, and not stay expressionless. I ignored him then, things got a bit awkward and finally I got him to leave. Thinking back, I should have punched him in the throat or at least kept my distance knowing he's drunk.