I started high school in 2014 in an all boys high school. The worst way and place to realise youre gay in a country thats known for being one of the ones that actually jail people for being gay. I don't know how but in my 2nd yr of high school my roommates found out and i got the shit kicked out of me. I think it was just an assumption they made or they just thought i was cause i didnt actually do anything to elude to that. I got lucky cause they didnt tell any of the people below there yr and people just assumed i was beat up cause i was an annoying fat kid. I was extremely afraid after that and i acted like an idiot the whole rest of my high school life... i said extremely homophobic things that i didnt believe or mean and i made fun of people for being gay. I got so caught up in my lie that i forgot that they went through the same things i did and I'm happy some of them didn't. I never actually did any harm to anyone and i was always the first guy to befriend or comfort anyone who went through that process even though I'd still make fun of them sometimes ... i hated myself for it and hated myself for being gay and it all just got so wierd and complicated in my head... i had anger issues i stopped taking care of myself and i became extremely rude. People hated me even though they didnt say it to my face and i knew why they did and i agreed with them.the worst part was when i actually hit someone for it ... and its the worst thing ive ever done in my entire life and it'll haunt me till the day i die. I erased that part of my life from my head and i just came to terms with it this yr. My parents are religious and the most homphobic people i know and sometimes i feel like coming out to them just so they can beat me or kick me out. I dont even know if i deserve happiness at this point and ive spent the last yr making my homophobic friends pro- lgbt and for the most part they're okay with it. Whats wierd is that i couldnt even remember who i hit and that makes it so much worse ... i just don't know how to make up for everything ive said and done i want to apologise to that guy but i cant find the courage to even talk to him. And i think that again makes me a worse person than i was back then. I just want to have that not be a part of my past somehow and its impossible. I wish i had even the slightest bit of common sense or a moral compass back then cause its killing me right now