i was always the quiet kid in class... didn’t have any friends ig i was just shy i was in a shell of sorts i was always the smartest in my class tho that doesn’t say much considering it was a special ed class not calling them dumb just saying i was above their average.  anyway around 6th grade things were great, i broke that shell i had friends. i had fun. i had joy. But one day my Father took me out of school..it was all gone no friends no school no people.....i was fucking happy as shit it was great! no school work what a blessing.!!! so i thought, around a year I became severely “depressed” and extremely lonely i began to realize that i was missing out on alot i asked my dad if i could go back to school he said next year. and then after that year he said next year, again anyway 5 years later im still outta school i haven’t even had social interaction with someone my age yet not even joking. my entire life fills me with rage It’s not just school but my whole childhood i was treated as this annoying brat by my siblings by everyone....being locked away missing out on my childhood on everything. no friends no girlfriends no school memories no nothing...It created something in me someone. in me I want to get revenge i want to show the world what happens when u lock a child away and swallow the key. now i know what you’re thinking. you’re probably thinking i’m gonna end being the world’s next mass shooter. hell no Im not dumb i don’t wanna go to jail i just want revenge I just want change for the entire world I have a goal of world domination. u may think i’m dumb and that i’ll never come close. but i learned things things about the world, things about Me, about what i can do...I Will claim my throne. my plan is flawless people have came close in the past and i will come closer. sure it seems impossible how can one guy take over the world? Well it really isn’t that hard... i will aim for complete control over america first i will NOT fail Remember this post remember my words. because i will make my covenant and i will get my Vengeance. purposely left somethings out as to not be identified i am 16 years of age