I am 24 years old. I work at a car wash making $10.50 an hour. I wake up at 5:30, contemplate the day and what I’m going to have to deal with. By 6:30 I’m outside sitting in my car while still just trying to muster the will to get through the day. At 7:30 I open up the car wash and throughout the day I deal with people who yell at me cause they don’t know how to work the kiosk to pay, people who get mad cause they buy the cheapest car wash and expect a hand detail outcome, my boss who criticizes everything I do even though he spends all day in his office, and co workers who don’t do anything so I am the only one who does any work. I made up a bs story to stay home today. The reason I made up a story today was cause they told us to stay home since it was going to rain all day but then when the owner sees it doesn’t rain for a few hours he decides to tell us all to come in. It’s bullshit cause no one is going to go to the car wash. It’s going to rain tomorrow too. I’m going to be sitting there on my ass scrolling through social media. As I sit there I my co workers try to talk to me and I just don’t care what they have to say. I hate them. I could care less If they die. The days are long and boring. When pay day comes it’s not even 600 dollars for 2 weeks even though I work full time. I think my boss lied to me about how much I’m getting paid. Either way I don’t care. I hate it there. I hate it here at home too. I live with my girlfriend who I love but our relationship has become stale. We do nothing. We don’t have friends, we don’t go out on dates, sometimes we don’t talk to each other and our sex life is pretty much non existent. I think about how different things could be for me all the time but I don’t know how to make things different. I’ve tried so much. I quit all drugs, I’ve tried finding better jobs, I’ve tried staying resilient and waiting for things to get better but they don’t. I feel a rage building inside me. I will not act out on someone without reason but I am wanting a reason to act out. I am craving a reason for violence so I can release all of my bottled up emotions that even understand. The fucked up thing is I haven’t told anyone I feel this rage. I walk the earth with a mask that hides a terrible person who doesn’t even care about anyone. The only person I love is my girlfriend. I don’t care for my family, her family, or anyone else in this world. I even watched a guy almost get beat to death a few weeks ago at work cause he robbed some guys and I didn’t care or even try to help the guy. My boss had to be the one to help him cause I didn’t. And I still don’t feel remorse. Yeah he robbed but he could have died and any normal person would have felt bad but I didn’t. He could have got shot right in front of me and I wouldn’t have cared. It’s like I’m living my life for the sake of those who love me even though I don’t love them back.