This was a little over a year ago. I spent the night prior drinking whiskey and doing about 14 mg of Xanax. 7 AM rolls around and I’m still going, my girlfriends car was in the shop so I had to take her to work. I don’t remember much, but on the way back I hit a railroad poll and put my car into a ditch. I guess I tried to drive it about a 1/4 mile before the cops did a wellness check. I somehow acted sober and talked my way out of it, tow truck driver dropped my car off and took me home. I later found out I had a major concussion. This is all I really remember and it’s still very hazy, I became more aware after a few hours later and I was accusing my best friend, him and his brother were my roommates, of stealing my stuff. Completely off the wall and not true, I was just out of my mind. Anyways I went into his room where him and his brother were arguing and just stared at him, my friend got really mad at me for being such an ass about nothing (rightfully) so I punched him. His brother came at me so I hit him a few times, somebody ended up hitting me in the back of the head and I fell over. They ran out of the house and I chased them and I was so out of it I literally stopped and said “Where’s my car bro?” (I didn’t think he stole it). Anyways about an hour later I called the police about somebody stealing my car, while I was waiting for them to come my girlfriends parents dropped her off because I wasn’t texting back. They offered to take us to her car at a friends house, I learned from that same friend that my roommates were sheltering there because they didn’t want to go home. All I remember there is jumping out of the car, knocking on the door, our mutual friend laughing and saying “Why are you standing like that” then my best friend saying “listen I’m so sorry bro, I just-“ then I hit him in the mouth. His brother came after me again and I pushed him against the wall. It was an apartment complex and everybody came out of there homes to watch, it sucked so much. I’ve never been aggressive in my life, I’ve never even got in an argument with these guys and this happens. I think Xanax was a big part of it but hitting my head just put it over the edge. I moved states a month later because I couldn’t stand who I was, I haven’t touched drugs since. I don’t think I can express words to them about how I feel. When I think about the look on his face I get sick to my stomach, definitley the worst thing I’ve ever done in my life.