To some people it might not be a big deal, like oh it’s just a mole. But it literally controlled the way I was as a person. It was on the right side of my face not quite on my cheek but , it was close to my ear but not too close. It was in a circle shape, flat and the size of the top of a pencil eraser. I wasn’t self conscious about it until I got to 6th grade. I started being bullied over it. So I started to cut my bangs a certain way to where my bangs would be at the side of my face and it would cover it. I would always wear my hair down. If I had to wear it up I made sure I had enough bangs to cover the side of my face. Then in 7th grade I started packing on foundation to try and cover it up a little more. I think people started to forget about my mole the more time went on. By the time I got to high school I was able to conceal it very well. Nobody ever noticed it. But it was always in the back of my mind. I would take different routes coordinated around school to my classes where my right side would face the wall as I was walking so nobody would see that side of my face. My life revolved around hiding this. I ended getting in a relationship in high school, we never talked about it , again the thought of rejection was in the back of my mind if he were ever to find out. One day I remember one of his friends tried to tease me about it and he got into a fight with him about it. But we never spoke about it. After high school I was very depressed, I wasn’t confident in styling my hair in cute styles, my hair was always in my face and ppl would point it out. It wasn’t until I was 21 that I saved up enough money to get it removed. The day before the removal I wanted to at least tell one my best friend’s about my procedure. I text her that I was getting my mole removed, and she replied “what mole?”. She didn’t know I had one. I basically played it off as it being a small freckle at that point cause I was too embarrassed to tell her. I never let my friends do my make up, touch my face and I would never do my make up in front of them. I never swam or went to pool parties because of fear of my makeup coming off. I never went to the gym cause ppl judge a girl who works out with makeup. My whole life revolved and was planned around it. The day I had it removed is when I truly started living. I never tell anyone about it. I have a very small scar in the area now. I feel like a normal person by not having it anymore. I feel free and liberated. Even as something as simple as going to the store without makeup felt so damn liberating. Just be nice to people. I was bullied so much to the point where my self esteem was crushed. I had no self love and it’s crazy how one small procedure brought so much happiness to my life and how one mole had such an impact on my life as well. Well that’s my story.