*trigger warning*
I went through a depressive drinking phase in my early 20s after a *severely* abusive relationship. I had to move to a new state across the country and got a restraining order. I was really lonely so I would occasionally go out by myself drinking. I got sexually assaulted 5 DIFFERENT TIMES. I know they say nobody ever *asks* for it but I felt like somehow I did. How could all these men use me like this without my permission? I think I was so shocked by how many men were actually rapists that I refused to believe it was their fault. I believed it must have been something I was doing wrong. Maybe I really was that self destructive. Maybe my “no’s” came off as “yes’s” with my body language. Maybe I was too drunk and didn’t remember it correctly. Maybe I should have not gotten drunk at all. These were all things I told myself. It didn’t help that the police said similar things like this as well. It’s no joke, some police(not all I’m sure) treat sexual assault victims HORRIBLY and don’t take them seriously at all. I went to the police the first two times but gave up after. It wasn’t until I watched the Taylor swift documentary today that it truly clicked with me how common it is to be treated that way during court and I don’t know why but it made me feel so much less alone. I had a complete breakdown. The way she talked about women was so empowering that it really clicked with me that sexual assault does happen A LOT. It happens way too much. Just because it happened to me so much in my life does not mean it was my fault. I was so ashamed for so long that I never told anyone about it. I told my best friend about the first time but was scared to tell her about the rest. I stopped going out drinking a long time ago unless I’m with someone super safe like my significant other or my best friend. I haven’t let my past experiences hold me back. I have an amazing, beautiful life now, but damn it felt good to get this out. Thanks Reddit. Lots of love to anyone going through something similar. Sexual assault is NOT OUR FAULT.