I was pregnant at 17, had my baby at 18 so I didn't finish high school or have time to go to Uni back then, I've also struggled pretty deeply with generalised anxiety disorder, depression and quite a few turbulent events over the last five years and because of these factors I'm now 23 and I have no qualifications and very little work experience aside from cafes and odd jobs, although I do have an amazing Child and Partner who I am beyond proud of and I love how much time and effort I've had to put into those relationships. I've really struggled with feelings of deep disappointment in myself because I was always relatively academic and never planned on being a young stay at home mum, and I always wanted to be able to view myself as successful. I've looked at online courses almost every day for at least 4 years and have spent so many hours stressing myself out over what I want to do with my life, i've even enrolled in a few low level courses but have quickly realised they weren't for me and dropped out. I've considered almost every profession you can think of and have given myself a really hard time over not just picking one. My child started school this year and I knew it was finally time for me to study something no matter what. I realised that what I really need is just to go back to learning in general, and nurture the part of me that didn't get to further my education the way I wanted, so I enrolled in a bridging course with a fantastic University not too far from my area. Since realising this I've also noticed just how important education is to me in general, so next semester after I complete this bridging course as long as everything goes well and I put my all into it, I will be able to gain direct entry into my bachelors of primary education where I can study a huge variety of subjects and then eventually begin my career Teaching children and nurturing their education from a young age! I'm so happy, I'm crying a little as I write this. My first week at University has gone really well, I love the campus and I've really enjoyed my classes so far. Thanks so much for reading, I feel like posting it here almost makes it a little more real. I hope you're all feeling as fulfilled as I am and if you're not I now know for sure that it's possible for that to change and I hope your path soon