Right off the bat, I don’t consider myself a conspiracy theorist or have many strong opinions on one theory or another, but I am fascinated by all of them. The main ones  being about the malevolent forces that are trying to obtain or are in control of us and will end the world. Ideas like the Illuminati or cabal,  “ai” or computers (matrix, terminator), big brother, or even  the first beast from revelations. If a malevolent force were trying to control humanity it would be easy if it could exploit human nature. According to science, we are only one evolution away from the great apes. If we look at experiments we’ve done on them or any other animal for that matter, and how we’ve been able to manipulate them physically and mentally, we should consider ourselves similarly. I’m 23 years old and it’s crazy how these tech companies that appeared only like 20 years ago more or less, are giant multi billion, even trillion dollar industries now within only my short lifespan. They are used pretty much every second of everyday by damn near everyone on the planet at this point. They absolutely have an influence over our lives, especially when you look at the social media platforms that my age group and younger are so addicted to. I feel like instant gratification is the strongest sense in our body now, and during this lockdown it’s only gotten stronger. That’s only a part of it. Social class is a thing. If we are to believe the history books, we’ve had slaves since pretty much the beginning of civilization maybe even humanity, apes and monkeys also have a social structure. Many other species as well. It must be a natural thing right? Since it’s a well known and well established sort of natural instinct, then it could be powerful tool of influence. There’s always been a social structure in this country and around the world and it’s getting really easy to see. You can see it easily in all forms of todays popular media , especially music, and in mainstream pop culture for 20 year olds and younger in general. There’s a lot more to it. I’m not going into details because i’d rather you envision how you see it, and think about  your own perspective on everything.