SRA is real. They are an organized society that is actively working as we speak there are satanists and proof of organized abuse in large amount. These people are in large numbers and finding more and more people to convert and are trying to corrupt our world. They are in practically all levels of society and operate unlike the average good person. They use their power and the fact that people dont assume how bad someone could be to operate. Much like underground pedo rings and drug trafficking rings. Please inquire and look deeply into this. Alot of our media has influence by this group, they cover up info and they stiffle investigations. Both US and UK governments have had huge criminal convictions involving SATANIC RITUAL ABUSE look it up. Jimmy Saville was one of them and he didnt get uncovered till he died due to media repeatedly protecting him. These people are smart and cunning like many other organized crime, but not unstoppable and certainly not untouchable. Do what you can to look deeply into this problem, protect our children. This is a huge topic and requires alot more research and coverage to uncover and stop these cults of organized abuse. These people are in the many and are deep in all aspects of life, they often times position themselves in places where they are easily sheltered and have access to at risk people(Child Protection Services, School Teachers, Care Takers and even Judges.) in order to abuse them and use them for what they see fit. The abuse is all about power and control and the abuse of it, which is a very common thing that humans struggle with this cult uses this sick aspect of humanity the part of us that makes other humans rape and kill and hurt others and make it their mantra. They use the worst types of abuse in order to control others and manipulate and mold them into what they want and it is often times very organized involving many multiples of people with lots of planning and terrible intents. This needs to be talked about and if you need resources < a great book is SATANIC RITUAL ABUSE:Principles of treatment by Colin Ross. This is a great resource that shows how real and sinister Satanic Ritual Abuse is in society and how it can easily be covered up and right under our noses