I used to believe the world was a beautiful place. Growing up I was raised to be patriotic and America could never do anything wrong. Over the past years I’ve grown to see the lies and corruption of not only America but the world. We are made think we have a right to speak for ourselves but that is not the case. They censor our art and minds. Our world is lead by the rich, corrupt, evil, racist, and pedophiles. They trick us and lie to us we need the truth. They control the news and the news controls the people. We cannot stand to be pieces of a game anymore. They are the root of control and manipulation. We need to break free. We need to open our mind and speak. People are scared to be killed and punished for speaking and acting on our own accord. There should be no fear in true freedom because we are not truly free. Open your eyes to corruption. Get out on the street gain support because you will have mine. We will stand stronger together. Do what you must to get the point out there. Let the people know they are not alone. Show to them we have to be fearless to get what we want. Nothing will change unless we as people take action instead of our government taking control and handling it. The best way to get the point across and gain support is cause controversy. Yes there will be people that won’t agree and stand against us but if it is big enough people will talk and then other people will hear and think and see the truth. We mustn’t be afraid to take matters in our hands or stand for what’s really right. We cannot be defined as just Americans, Chinese, Russians, Canadians, Mexicans or anything like that. Because we are humans, we are strong together and can do anything. But first we must deal with corruption head on, Take a stand, Revolt. Do what we must to challenge all that is wrong. Take to the streets, protest, gain support from other, stand for what is right. Stand for true freedom of humanity. Religion, Governments, Standards, Corruption, Evil, and Fear will keep us from doing anything. Do what we need to do no matter what. Make the truth known. We need to be non-violent but if we are pushed we will do what we must to challenge all that is wrong. Because we must wake the world and make new. We stand for true freedom. We stand against all forms of corruption and power. We stand against anything to tell us how we should live. We are not pawns for we are people. We are humans. We live on a world  that is controlled by evil. Stand against evil. Be free stand for what’s truly right. As we stand together we gain more support rather than fighting against eachother. Weakness is from being alone. We are not alone for we have eachother. We are not weak we cannot stand to be weak and think we cannot make change in the world. That’s what they want us to feel. Don’t vote, don’t be silent, take the stand we must. Cause controversy to get the point and word across. Start the movement. Take the stand. Make the news cover our story so it spreads our ideals. Instead of the news covering our movement up. They cannot ignore us for long. The rich, evil, corrupt, pedophiles cannot control is that stand together. Fight for our truth. Join and share our ideologies. I ask of you to be strong when times get rough and fighting breaks out. We will makes them see. We will take power for ourselves. We will do what we must. We are not controlled. We are humans. Join the righteous movement. Be strong. Be ready. Be vigilant. Do what you must. You will not be alone. Join the truth.