I have the thought that aids medicine may be the cure for this virus, which isn’t even worse than a flu, yes it killed people but so did a simple cold back in the day when people didn’t know how to properly treat it.  Back in talking about aids, how come the only places that don’t have the virus are countries in Africa?  You would think it would be everywhere because of the living conditions there, but I think the reason might be, that since it’s covered with people with aids, and we have people over there treating people with it, they might be also getting treated for Corona.  Because they said something about how it may have a strand of HIV in it, if that’s true, then it would make sense that the same stuff that treats aids might help with the virus, which might be why there are countries without the virus in Africa.  But the fact that people are screaming about this virus is stupid anyway.  I mean it’s not as bad as they make it sound like.  It’s manly the people who don’t want the president to be re-elected, because they know that Trump promised a better stock market, which he has done well, it’s been very good, but when you have dumb shits making people scared, people will panic and will(like they have) start buying a shit ton of stuff they don’t even need.  Which is making the market crash like a fucking kamikaze plane, and which people can turn around and say “I thought you promised a good stick market” Which will cause less people to vote him back.  On top of that, the more people panic, it causes shit like jobs to shut down, which people can’t pay their bills and shit.  And you already know there are retards that blame the president for things he can’t control like this virus.  So with people mad from the fact they couldn’t work, they probably don’t pay attention to shit since they are most likely the ones that buy $5k worth of toilet paper, they won’t look into shit and just blame who everyone else is pointing their finger at.  That’s just my thoughts on some of this shit, if you don’t like what I said, just move on, I’m just a bored teenager that has believes that I would like to put there. But I’m manly just bored lol.