My thoughts have been spiraling around this for the past 6 7 weeks.The coronavirus is scary guys. Here's a quote from Hon. Brad Sherman chairman of the House of Representatives in his opening statement at the Genetics and other Human Modification Technologies meeting in 2008 "We will focus today on the possibility of using genetics and other advanced technologies for human modification and for national security advantages." The pdf goes on for 117 pages. Andrei Belianinov, head of the Federal Customs Service, was quoted in an interview as saying that the transfer of biomaterials from Russia was equivalent to the “genocide of our nation.” The fear is real. Russians know this because they are able to develop exactly what they fear and know that the west has alot more funding than they do.Russia has banned all export of human biological materials, from hair, tissue to blood samples. In 2012, The Atlantic Magazine wrote that a specific virus that targets individuals with a specific DNA sequence is within possibility in the near future.They put forward a hypothetical scenario where a virus might cause mild flu symptoms in some people but be deadly to others. The rulers of the western world the top corporations the Bill Gates foundations the Jeffery epstiens of the western world are white.It's only logical to think powers of a certain race would protect their own race. I'm sure there are the undesirable genome sequences that they would like to remove from within their gene pool but overall it would be safe 5o say they would at least like to preserve the best of their races gene pool. Guys, The world is run by people that want to shape the future. And the mad scientists they employ blackmail and control with fear will pave a way to a terrifying future for the undesirables of the gene pool. Corporations run the western world, biotechnology isn't centralized like nuclear weapons are. Its pinnacle and breakthroughs are reached through big funding. and the research isnt tracked by any regulated authority. The coronavirus is a calculated virus. I hope it isnt the first phase of many to come and the great shedding of the gene pool isn't in our life experience. It wont be a pleasant one. When automation is here in the next decade or 2 there cant be hundreds of millions of people for them to take care of. There can only be enough for desirable sustainability. And Bernie type character will be the president of the socialist and tightly controlled capitalism system.