This is in response to the people who post their "conspiracies" that just aren't conspiracies at all. Specifically the one in hot at the time of posting, second on my screen. What would the governments have to gain by making a fake virus? Are they working with big cellular or some other bullshit to kill their customers? If so, why? What would they have to gain? Now everyone normal would say "nothing," and they would be 100% correct. And then there are the "conspiracy theorists" who don't actually come up with or uncover real conspiracies. This covid bs is not a conspiracy, it's the things like pizzagate if you believe in that, I'm not too sure myself about it, that are the actual conspiracies. People in power working together to rape children? Yeah, that's a conspiracy. Bill Gates managing to make computer chips that can track people and run off of the energy found inside the human body, all while transmitting that data to who knows where, *and* it can fit inside a needle ***and*** it doesn't interfere with the cardiovascular system? Now isn't that fucking plausible huh? What would Bill have to gain by that? "Oh heehee I, Bill Gates, now know when you jacked off in the shower," so fucking what? Who would buy that information? Is fucking Samsung Smartthings gonna track when I cum so it can play my regular playlist right when I'm done and I get in the shower? Is it gonna dim the lights when all the alien microchips detect sexual activity? No they fucking aren't because that's all bullshit. Almost all of the crap on this subreddit somehow getting upvoted to my home page isn't a conspiracy. It's a lie. Back to my rhetorical question from the start. What would the world governments have to gain? And a new one, how do you, reader, figure that your cerebellum is so massive that you're just leagues ahead of the government's footsteps from a couple of goddamned YouTube videos? The world's governments would gain nothing. A government is nothing if not for the people running it and those under it. And if all the fucking people are dead then what the fuck can the government do then? What power does a leader hold of there's nobody to stand behind him? Now, I see so many people in here blindly following what Trump says. And yes this is part of my argument, I don't try to be political, I try to be right. And now, in covid, he says that we need to distance. And what do you fuckers do? You change your stance. For the worse. I can hear the gears in those oh so smooth brains turning, about to and probably already did write a Reddit post to here titled something like "OMGOMGOMG BIG PBARMA ANG BILL AGATES GOT TO TEUMPP!!! WERE GONNA DIE!!!!" But of course, nobody got to him. I think he realized that what he was doing was causing people to die. Know why this outbreak is going on for as long as it is? Because of the types of people in this place and places like it. These hellholes for real conspiracies. Not once have I seen a shred of real, thought out points, or god forbid evidence any time I visit something other than top of all time in this sub. Now I'm sure there are some new ones out there. Something other than Tiananmen Square or the "f**k the C country" ones. But all that gets seen are the blatant lies in these posts. Utter lies.