Genuinely curious , so i’m in my 20s. I’ve been what feels like sick with something since december , haven’t stopped sneezing since . Fevers here in there in january , really just haven’t stopped sneezing which i think is just weird and besides the point. A good friend of mine has corona , tested confirmed lost his scent of smell for passed week, feels sluggish. But is all around coolin. Chillen playing video games really wouldn’t guess anything is wrong w the kid. We’ve hung out since he has corona i kept a distance. I think I have it regardless though since i been having fevers since last sunday very on an off though an randomnly but then they go away. I’ve had swine flu back in 09 so i’m used to this shit ,  was probably the worst sickness i’ve ever had me an my sister both got it , laid up for 3 weeks no school and crazy high fevers. like was deathly ill. Swine flu killed 575,000 people , not saying anything crazy but genuinely curious where was the CDC then ? Like why did no one care then , Where were the lockdowns ? No one gave a fuck. Why are we freaking out over 17,000 deaths over a virus that’s been around for almost 4 months already . 17,000 global deaths to a global population of 7.7 billion people. I can’t even do the math on a iphone calculator because the number is to big but that’s a percentage of .000000017% of people who were killed by the corona virus. loook at that number . 260 people in United states killed in last few months out of 327 million people in the united states. That’s .0000008% of the american population killed from this virus. I have to keep doing the math on my calculator to paint the picture in my head of how actually insignificant this virus is not even close to a single percent . 17,000 old people with underlying health conditions have passed away on a planet of 7.7 billion , an absolute fart in the wind to this planet. Why are countries being shut down because of this ? and where were these organization in 2009 when a much more killer strain of flu was rampant and killing and affected much more people ? it’s just so odd , why is this virus shoved down our throats so hard by the media , why doesn’t the media actually stfu about it ever ? looking at simple numbers have actually destressed me during this situation. numbers don’t lie and they the only things that don’t , how many times have you guys been to work or school and thought wow somethings going around rn everyone is getting sick , now imagine stopping the world scaring the fuck out of everyone about a virus that’s going around and offering free testing w media hype , there would be mass disease pandemics literally seasonally , there’s always something going around , The world health organization claims the flu kills 650,000 people yearly lmao , straight from a WHO article. Like why the fuck are we shutting our shit down cause 17,000 people w underlying health conditions are dying. Just some thoughts . I find this so damn forced and shoved down our throat an weird.