One of the most distressing aspects of American foreign policy today is the felt need of our government to lie to the American people when it takes an action, or adopts a policy, that it believes to be necessary for the integrity of our national interests. The invasion of Grenada was a most illuminating case in point. Why did we invade Grenada? According to the White House and State Department, the main reason was the danger to American medical students in Grenada because of the political turbulence there. This was not, of course, the real reason. After all, we simply could have airlifted those students out instead of sending the Marines in. The real reasons, obvious enough to all, were the fear of the other Caribbean governments before a new and potentially troublesome Soviet puppet-state in their area, and our own fear of still another Soviet military base in our “backyard.” Both fears were legitimate and reasonable, yet they were conveyed to the American people only in an undertone, with the emphasis going to those presumably endangered students. This led one wag, at the time, to suggest that the United States scatter a few thousand medical students among those countries we thought we might at some future date have reason to invade. The contempt for our official hypocrisy implicit in this remark was perfectly justifiable. In foreign policy, doing the right thing for the wrong reasons can, in the longer term, be as counterproductive as doing the wrong thing for the right reason (e.g., our feeble and costly intervention in Lebanon). This is especially true in a democracy, where a very important function of government is educative. Such a government must rely on popular approval for its actions, and this approval will never be wholehearted if the people have grounds to think their government makes a habit of deception and double-talk. To be sure, everyone understands that, in some instances, a government may have to resort to diplomatic duplicity to conceal a secret but necessary action (e.g., the use of the CIA in helping friends and damaging enemies). But such duplicity is utterly unacceptable when American troops are involved in an overt military action. Then, a decent minimum of candor is required. There may be little harm in “dressing up” this candor with some exaggerated rhetoric; all governments do that, as do all nongovernmental organizations when they describe their motivation for embarking on a course of action. But outright lying and downright hypocrisy are not acceptable, if only because they will soon be exposed for what they are and the government’s credibility, abroad and at home, will then be severely impaired. So why did we lie about Grenada? Some State Department officials have said privately that there may not have been a lie, that, in fact, we might never have been able to intervene in Grenada had those medical students not been there. If this was the case, American foreign policy is in a worse condition than even its severest critics had imagined. For it is obvious to most Americans, relying simply on common sense and moral intuition, that the intervention was utterly justified, with or without medical students. And, indeed, one is fairly certain it was this same common sense and moral intuition that moved President Reagan to send in the troops. But, apparently, a straightforward appeal to this common sense and moral intuition was thought to be an inadequate justification. Hence, the focus on those students. It must be emphasized that according to very reliable information, both the State Department and the White House took no pleasure in this exercise in obfuscation. They did it reluctantly, and because they thought they had to. They found themselves in a position where they could not explain their action without seeming to violate principles the U.S. government had been expounding for decades, and that were articulated in a whole array of treaties to which we had solemnly subscribed. These principles are the principles of “international law,” as this body of doctrine has developed since World War I. And it is this body of doctrine that still dominates official American thinking about foreign policy, a mode of thought that can be summed up in the phrase “liberal internationalism.” The relevant principles are few and can be succinctly stated. (1) There exists a worldwide “community of nations” dedicated to the preservation of peace among its members. (2) To achieve peace, this community has explicitly, in such documents as the charter of the United Nations, made illegal and therefore impermissible certain actions by member governments. (3) The most important such action defined as illegal and impermissible is “aggression,” i.e., the violation of any and all existing borders by a unilateral military action. It is these principles that administration after administration has assured the American people we most sincerely believe in. And it was these very principles we violated—rightly, in the opinion of almost all Americans—when we moved into Grenada. One can now appreciate the quandary our State Department found itself in. It desperately needed a legalistic fiction to render legitimate an action that, under that very conception of international law we insist we adhere to, was quite improper. It found that legal fiction in the convenient presence of those medical students. This is not, alas, the last time our government is going to find itself in such a quandary. It will be stranded there again and again as it tries to reconcile the realities of great-power politics with the “liberal internationalist” way of thinking about foreign policy. They are, in truth, not reconcilable, since this entire doctrine of “international law,” as developed since World War I, and especially since World War II, is itself one vast fiction. It is a fiction abused callously, or ignored ruthlessly, by those nations that, unlike the Western democracies, never took it seriously in the first place. For us, however, it is a fiction that induces irresoluteness, guilt, and queasy hypocrisy whenever we are forced to confront the realities of the world we live in. It is a world without a “world community” committed to a universal definition of law and order and civilized behavior. It is a world in which national interests and national values (whether religious or secular) easily override all paper commitments to a vision of universal peace. It is a world that, as someone once said, is a “dangerous place,” in which terrorism, subversion, and naked aggression are no less common than ever before. For the United States to try to conduct its foreign policy according to principles that are visionary rather than sensibly realistic is the kind of suicidal folly future historians will find it well nigh impossible to comprehend. It is not that international law is a completely meaningless idea. There is an entire body of international law, going back several centuries, that represents a considerable step forward in civilized behavior among nations. And behind this basically secular tradition lies the specifically Christian tradition of the “just war” and the preconditions thereto. These traditions of international law are today embodied in various treaties that affect the treatment of prisoners of war, the treatment of enemy civilians in case of war, the rights of neutrals, etc. They have also been embodied in treaties of non-aggression, non-belligerency, and non-intervention, but always with the understanding, usually explicit, that misbehavior by one party to the treaty annuls the treaty itself. These older traditions of international law still exist and play a most useful role. But beginning with our own Woodrow Wilson, a new conception of international law began to emerge, achieving its full flower with the founding of the United Nations after World War II. Its ambitions were and are positively messianic: to “abolish war” among nations, to subordinate all national interests and national values to the serene judgment of “the international community,” and, in effect, to render it unnecessary for any nation to have a vigorous foreign policy of its own. This is, of course, an ancient vision, but it is fair to say that only in our century did statesmen and political philosophers think it a realistic agenda for an unredeemed humanity. This new version of international law, and the liberal internationalist foreign policy associated with it, has played out its string. The senselessness of its assumptions becomes more apparent with every passing day. The American people see this; witness the popularity of any American ambassador to the UN who vigorously asserts American interests and values against that organization. Many higher officials in the State Department understand it well enough, but they are prisoners of what is by now a powerful conventional rhetoric, a set of intellectual habits that pervade the media, academia, and public discourse on foreign affairs. The sad fact of the matter is that we do not have available, in the American political tradition, a mode of thinking about foreign policy that is appropriate to our condition today. The older nationalist-isolationism is clearly irrelevant to our condition as a great power that aims to shape a world congruent with our ideals, while confronting another world power, a militant world power, with the same aim but contradictory ideals. Theodore Roosevelt’s combination of nationalism and internationalism seemed to offer promise of an interesting alternative, until it foundered on a foolish mimicry of European imperialism. Liberal internationalism, because it is incarnate in a host of international treaties and organizations, still predominates, but it is a theory both empty of substance and at war with reality. A new way of looking at and thinking about American foreign policy will eventually emerge. What one may call “reality therapy” will see to it. Meanwhile, however, we shall have to rely on our common sense and moral intuition to cope with the challenges of the near future.