For about four years now I've noticed something peculiar about a lot of people. It's this view of "fuck others". A certain way of looking at life and how everyone should be treated. From how labor is handled to "right to repair" issues. I mentioned to someone how I think it's a bit of bs to purchase something and not be able to repair it yourself because a company doesn't want to lose out on  money doing repairs in-house. John Deere, Tesla, Apple to name a few. The idea that if you pay cash for a car you should have to pay a fee because they lose out on interest on a loan that isnt needed. Paying a service fee on top of a payment. Companies being pumped and dumped. Art Van furniture in Michigan being a recent example. There are a lot of people who would say fuck the employees. It's like a certain part of society is waiting to be able to fuck over people when or if they open a buisness, which they most likely wont. They'll remain one of the ones slowly being fucked. I feel you should speak up about stuff even when it effects someone else because what happens when its your turn to get fucked? I hope someone would speak up. Some things just come down to "looking out for ones best interest" its another to just think it's ok to screw people over. Unfortunately the screwing over happens slowly to the point it's just the way it is now. When grocery stores started using self checkouts did the food stay the same price or drop? Did the remaining employees get a raise because of less labor? A lot of people would say "fuck em let them get another job if they dont like the pay". In the grocery store example the customer saying "fuck" the employees isnt getting anything out of the self checkout either except now their doing the work. So why say fuck the employees if you dont get anything either? This isnt a Trump thing because of the four years. The 2016 election did get my eyes and ears open to this one thing on how people treat each other. I also say screw the idea of "nobody helped me, why should I care about others" thats how we stay getting nickel and dimed" if you will.