Please dont downvote this just from the title. (I typed for like an hour and accidentally deleted this :/) But this is more important. First Geno is innocent Christine is a fan and comments sometimes and GenoSamuel isnt making 100 episode even Christine  says he wont have enough content for it (I wish he would ha ha) And Geno is very neutral towards Christine. So some guy who intervied (I forgot their name) Christine said a really good quote about it "not everyone is laughing about what happened to you) it's true I watch as it's interesting to me I see it the same as you watching a documentary like the point Why Chris? Strikes me as odd like Why Katy Perry? Why Konosuba? And stuff.  So there also is no cult of trolls. Bluespike was just a stupid kid who didnt know that he was in the wrong but that doesnt mean he was in the right. Bluespike pretended to be a 19 year old girl named Julie and a boy named max. Julie and Christine would do things in a video call... One time Bluespike pretended that Julie was in Ohio so Christine drove all the way and she wasnt there. Then Bluespike pretended Max had kidnapped Julie and he acctually stole Christine's PSN and another account then forced her to choose between PSN or Julie (Christine chose Julie) and then he forced Christine to shove his medallion up her own butt. Then revealed himself as a 13 year old boy and accused Christine of being a pedophile. Now while there are trolls like Bluespike, and Clyde Cash some werent that bad like Liquid Chris and some improved his life like Kacey. And us Christorians arent trolls.  Also Christine isnt the best person back in the past she was a homophobic and transphobic person. He would pretty much sexually assault woman. Drew pornagraphic pictures of real people. Defamed people and he also hit Michael Snyder with his car. And nowadays he belive he is married to fictional characters goes to cwcville and belive the dimensions will merge and basically said people he disagrees with will die. A quote from him is "some politicans will die" yeah. Not that he deserves the stuff that has happened to him but you need some prospective. I don't watch contrapoints so maybe she said oh hey guys my next video will be a social excitement to see how people react. But I doubt it as a few of you are harassing Geno. So what should Contra do? She should while I dont like apolgy videos she needs to make one especially to clean up Genos name. And I think she should maybe make a real video about Christine or what would be an act of being truly sorry would be to host or be a co host to Chris Chan: A Comprehensive History. I also need to say I dint mean any hate to contra I belive she is a good person and will admit her mistakes. Also dont know if I mentioned but alot of us Christorians like to use Christine's preferred pronouns.