Hello again! I just posted yesterday but I have a free day to myself today and I’ve been reading through all your wonderful posts. I want to finally tell my fetish story! This group is amazing and I’m glad I found somewhere I don’t feel so alone. I’m a 19 yo (M) and I’ve been into coprophilia for as long as I can remember. As a young kid I saw friends poop their pants, diapers getting changed, and even pooped my own pants until about 6. Seeing other people poo their pants excited me in a way I couldn’t understand as a young child. Seeing actual poop was a rare and exciting experience. I remember pooping my pants in bed and my parents scolding me and punishing me. For some reason I loveddd getting punished for pooping my pants. Whenever I would poop on the toilet I would purposely pull my underwear up without wiping. I didn’t know why but I loved the idea of it and I would often times get in trouble for having skid marks. There were many other experiences but to shorten the story I’ll jump to around age 15. Watching porn I quickly discovered piss porn. (I have a HUGE pee fetish) and this eventually led to panty pooping vids and then more hardcore stuff. I’m an only child and my parents would often be gone at night so I would have lots of time to play with my pee. I finally decided one I wanted to poop myself. I had no idea what to do so I sat on the toilet with my underwear still on. My heart was racing but I was so excited. After about 2 minutes I exploded hot soft poop into my underwear. It felt amazingggggg. I literally said out loud “now I get why people like this” lmao. For about 15 more minutes I kept pushing more soft warm shit into my underwear until I decided i was done. I stood up without think it through and my sloppy poo started falling out the legs of my undies onto the floor. This made me feel embarrassed but also aroused. I cleaned up after marveling at my mess and came harder than ever. From that point I’ve tried a lot and I’m still trying new things. This was long af I hope someone enjoys it:( I would also LOVE to hear your guys origin stories!