To expand on the underlying theme of the video, the primary reason for Reddit’s somewhat asocial or awkward reputation is largely due to the algorithm and voting artifacts pushing certain comments to the top – not that the people who use Reddit are inherently awkward themselves. For example, if we asked the question “What is your favourite song?” you would see a massive over-representation of genres like metal and classical, and very little pop, because the people who like metal and classical REALLY like metal and classical, whereas there are very few people who would name a pop song as their favourite, despite pop being the most played genre. A similar phenomenon happens with reddit comments, where common sentiments are met with a lukewarm “7/10” response by just about everyone, and that’s not enough to elicit an upvote, whereas somewhat novel or unusual responses are far more likely to be a “5/10” or a “9/10”. If the question is of a social nature i.e. “When have you found out a girl likes you and it was too late?”, it is also unlikely that those divisive answers would be met with downvotes (which would happen in r/politics for example), because people are much softer on personal experiences than opinions. As a result, the most common answers are met tepidly and the stories of people in the tails of the distribution emerge at the top, creating an illusion that everyone on reddit is like that, but just because the response is popular does NOT mean that it represents the personal perspective of everyone who upvoted it, just that they found it interesting enough to upvote. Think of it as “that was interesting” rather than “that’s just like me”. Additionally, while the circlejerk is that everyone on Reddit seems to be an introverted, anxious, and highly intellectual college student, it’s been the same way since Reddit was first founded, despite the obvious fact those users themselves have grown older. Nevertheless, the dominant voice has always been the “21-year-old male misanthrope”, and there’s a pretty clear reason for it - if the average Redditor is 21, what does that then mean? It means they were born in 1998, when the Undertaker threw Mankind off Hell In A Cell, and plummeted 16 ft through an announcer’s table.