That's a classic. Meme man has a rich history, and I hate to say that SumitoMedia really didn't do him justice in this video. I don't blame him, however, as the journey of and nuances surrounding meme man are rather obscure, for the most part. The face of a Facebook page is hardly what meme man used to be. He was the face of a lesser known meme genre, surreal memes. True surreal memes aren't centered around the misspelling of a word or an individual's inadequacy regarding said word. Surreal memes were always meant to be just that, surreal. They weren't meant to repeat the same idea or format again and again. The point of surreal memes was their individuality, and their (for the most part) nonsensical nature. The problem with this was that a real surreal meme could be difficult to identify, and so it was that a surreal meme was surreal because it's creator deemed it so (meme man's presence was also a clear indicator. A pure surreal meme never told a full story, presenting either a scene or line of dialogue that might seem to be taken out of a larger story, giving the viewer a frame of what perhaps the memes creator had invisioned as a full story. Or the creator did not have any inspiration besides that single frame, a fraction of a narrative trapped within a single interaction. There were video formats as well, but these too dropped the viewer into the middle of an ongoing narrative with little to no context concerning the events within. That's not to say, of course, that certain concepts weren't remixed or used as inspiration for other surreal memes, of course. A recurring theme among surreal memes was the concept of a foreign being, (in most cases meme man, although other recurring characters did exist) giving their own unique perspective on a subject that was common among the memes's intended audience. Obviously, surreal memes, like any other genre, were stolen and reposted onto different accounts, forums and subreddits, each collected curating their favorites onto their platforms to be consumed by the masses. Each surreal meme was a piece of art, a masterpiece in its own right. And meme man was at the center of these, the "main character" of an entire meme genre. In the video Sumito discusses the integration of Meme Man into mainstream meme culture, but fails to mention the effect that it had on true surreal memes. As meme man was slowly it lntegrated into relatable, reaction, and concept meme genres, his image lost the meaning it used to carry. Meme man was no longer the face of pure, nonsense surreal memes, he had been forced into the role of meme character. He was being added onto preexisting memes to make them "funnier" through his presence alone. Surreal meme accounts started posting the same jokes over and over, remixes of stonks, enslaved, and misspelled word taking over the entirety of their content, solely because those are what the masses recognized. Slowly, memes started to pop up mocking MEME MAN for his repetitious nature. And now it's disappointing to say that the title of "surreal meme" carries no weight at all, as it has been massacred by its unfortunate fate of becoming mainstream. True surreal memes still exist online, but both their prominence and production have severely suffered due to meme man's popularity. It was bound to happen eventually. Now meme man memes may have died out, as is the fate of all mainstream memes, but it is my hope that someday meme man shall return to where he used to be, back when he was the center of all things surreal.