Our mind is just too plain dumb just to even conceive quran or understand it without a proper guide. Muhammad came as a hero to the people of mecca who were dwelling in ignorance, it is remarked as the age of ignorance among the historians but I don't expect "Americans" to know that anyways he came and started spreading the word of God, abolished idolatery after struggling for 23 years, lived a very simple life and left the book of his sunnahs (actions and sayings of holy prophet) which has a huge impact on the history of the world, I'm assuming you know nothing about the golden age of Islam. the universities of Cairo and Baghdad, the kingdoms, Ibne sina (which your writers has changed into avicenna to disregard his Islamic identity) he created modern medicine while understanding Qur'an deeply and also being philosopher whose teachings when went to the west in 16th century changed the course of history. Not just him, Ibne khaldun creator of Sociology. See now im hoping you would realize how much knowledge you yet to get before "sHiT gUy" judgement. Mohammad Rumi another great Islamic Poet and philosopher which by the way "the west" loves to share his quotes wrote "Masnavi" which is called "Quran in Persian" (it was a study of the quran philosophically and in a way that masses could understand) changed the Persian civilisation into great heights of quality living. Gosh, you guys are so fucking ignorant (don't mind) that it gets funnier and crazier everytime i read something about Islam from an American kid. Finally the Golden Age of Islam finally has its downfall after nearly 300 years of giving the world literally everything, from medical science to maths, to empires, architecture, literature, philosophy, sociology, administration, because we got too carried away and ofcourse our "kings" started living lavishly, stopped following the teachings of Quran and Messenger of Allah and all the Prophets that came before him. I MUST EMPHASIS, READ MORE AND MORE. A WIKI PAGE OF MUHAMMAD WOULD BE A GOOD STARTER LOL NGL. I'm so happy that these pages are now starting up but we MUSLIMS quite frankly from childhood have been taught to avoid consumerism, this wordly attractions, even pre martial sex isn't "common" here let alone fucking your own gender and before you call me "bAcKwArD" I must tell you I live in a great fucking developed muslim country which your Hollywood love to show as a "deserted" area with camels lmaoo. Its the land of 5 Rivers, I'll leave you to guessing. May all of you get on the right path Inshallah.