This post is sponsered by NordVPN. Staying safe online is an ever growing difficulty and you could be exploited by hackers. NordVPN allows you to change your IP address, making you harder to track, securing your privacy. Check out the link in the description to get 20% off for the first two months and thank you to NordVPN for sponsoring this video. Whether you're up in the clouds or going way underground, it's easy to take your music with you whereever you go. With Spotify Premium, you can save your favorite songs to your phone and listen offlin. That means you can play anywhere, anytime without using any data. And right now, you can try Premium free for 30 days. Ready to make the move? Tap the banner to learn more. RAID: Shadow Legends™️ is an immersive online experience with everything you'd expect from a brand new RPG title. It's got an amazing storyline, awesome 3D graphics, giant boss fights, PVP battles, and hundreds of never before seen champions to collect and customize. I never expected to get this level of performance out of a mobile game. Look how crazy the level of detail is on these champions! RAID: Shadow Legends™️ is getting big real fast, so you should definitely get in early. Starting now will give you a huge head start. There's also an upcoming Special Launch Tournament with crazy prizes! And not to mention, this game is absolutely free! So go ahead and check out the video description to find out more about RAID: Shadow Legends™️. There, you will find a link to the store page and a special code to unlock all sorts of goodies. Using the special code, you can get 50,000 Silver immediately, and a FREE Epic Level Champion as part of the new players program, courtesy of course of the RAID: Shadow Legends™️ devs. The Notre Dame burning down sure is a big disaster, but you know what else is a big disaster? Trying to create your own website. HTML, CSS, PHP, CMS, who has time for that? That's why you need Squarespace. Squarespace is the easy way to create your very own professional website using simple drag and drop actions, no matter if you're trying to open a digital storefront or finally starting that travel blog you were always talking about. The home page of the Notre Dame most likely wasn't made using Squarespace, but if it was, they could update it to reflect the tragic events on Monday, the 15th of April, with just a few clicks. If you want to give Squarespace a try, they are currently offering a special promo where you can get your own website, AND your very own domain for a free trial month by registering using the promo code squarespace.com/notre. That's squarespace.com/notre Honey is a free browser add-on available on Google, Oprah, Firefox, Safari, if it's a browser it has Honey. All you have to do is when you're checking out on one of these major sites, just click that little orange button, and it will scan the entire internet and find discount codes for you. As you see right here, I'm on Hanes, y'know, ordering some shirts because who doesn't like ordering shirts; We saved 11 dollars! Dude our total is 55 dollars, and after Honey, it's 44 dollars. Boom. I clicked once and I saved 11 dollars. There's literally no reason not to install Honey. It takes two clicks, 10 million people use it, 100,000 five star reviews, unless you hate money, you should install Honey. Situations like this are why I use Audible. Audible is a subscription service that allows you to buy audiobooks that you can listen to on your phone. Audible allows you to choose from a gigantic array of audiobooks narrated by amazing narrators, that you can listen to from anywhere! Right now I'm listening to The Dead Zone by Stephen King, narrated by Oscar winning actor James Franco. It's the chilling story of a highschool teacher who falls into a coma and wakes up with psychic abilities. In all seriousness, audibooks are great for when you're alone, and I should maybe stop with the YouTube. Speaking of skills, let me take a few minutes to talk to you about a website called Skillshare. Have you ever wanted to learn how to do something out of the ordinary or interesting? Well you can, by taking classes online at skillshare.com, which are taught by instructors and have their own class rosters. Heck, I learned how to juggle and make a PB&J sandwich the RIGHT way, by using Skillshare. So what are you waiting around for? There are DOZENS of online courses that you can take ranging from Physics, all the way to fingerpainting! Be sure to check for my referral link in the description after watching this video for a FREE week trial courtesy of Skillshare! It’s thanks to them I can provide content to you guys as often as I do, so I thank Skillshare for sponsoring this video.