 On a side note, I've been really holy. Kind of crazy to think, that this is what quarantine did for me. I've prayed 5 times a day since the day quarantine started. And I read the Quran every single day since the day quarantine started. I'm just slow, that's why I haven't finished it. Completely random, but I used to tell you about this stuff. Ohhh and I'm holy in every other aspect. Clean of it all for almost a year now maybe. But that's not the point. I just don't get it. You don't understand. I just want the group back. That's literally all I want. I want to be able to think. Oh the group wants to go to the mall? That's awesome. They want to go to the boardwalk? That's awesome let's go. They want to go on a road trip to the middle of nowhere? Hell yes. I don't get it. It's like I have such a deep emotional connection with the group. That none of you have. You all forgot all the fun we had, just because of stupid fights. I can never leave the chat. Because since 2018, that chat has been the highlight of my fucking life. So do you understand why I want to save this so bad? Why I want to save all of pinned messages so bad? Why I want to save the weird fan fictions so bad? Why I want to save the memories of terraria so bad? Even if I'm not an active member online. I would die for the group any day of the week. And if any of you needed me. I'd be there in a heartbeat. Because you guys made the best memories I could have ever asked for. It just doesn't make sense. Here you are saying that it hurt you. And I get it, you and him have so many disagreements. But you don't realize you hurt him too. To be honest, you highkey hurt my feelings all the time. But that's your personality, I got used to it. Most of the time at least. You are tired of investing so much time into something that's not going anywhere. Don't you ever just sit and think about it from there too. Like you deleted waifu bot. He did nothing to you. And then you got mad over it? Why. Why even start that negativity. You understand people better than most people. So why can't you put yourself in everyone's shoes. That not every single day will be a good day. Because it's not. No days are good days, just the ones we make it out to be. You and him are exactly the same. Two stubborn people with the same reasoning. I don't know your side of the story. I really wish I did. Because then maybe there was something we could do. Because he thinks he's tried over and over again. And here you are saying the same thing. So I don't get it. Someone make sense of all of this for me. And I don't even know why you left this chat. You could have at least talked to me somewhat about your day. You know, that stuff. I just think you and him need to talk this out. It's not like you have to like each other. Just tolerate each other enough to not fight. When you say stuff like shut up slave, you don't deserve an opinion. You are only here because they are playing Minecraft. That hurts. You don't see it. Because it's what he likes to do. And he finally got a chance to do it with the group again. And you said that. Actually I don't even know if it bothered him. In reality it bothered me. Because you are right, I only joined because of minecraft. But it's a game I enjoy, it's what I like to play. And you made it so clear how wrong I was for it. For not joining the calls when she was alone. For not talking to anyone. And that hurts because I'd die for any one of you. I'd imagine he felt the same way. So how if he not supposed to get hurt. Just tolerate him. You don't even have to talk to him. Just leave him be. But don't let the group die over something like this. It means too much to me for it to end like this .