F? F what? The letter before G? The letter after E? Did you know that in Fu the F  stands for “fuck?” So your reply is “fuck?” or F as in Flourine? Do you need some Special F for breakfast? F as in I can fuck you? Can I fuck you and feed you to hungry falcons? Falcons have an f in it. "F”? Are you fucking kidding me? I spent a decent portion of my life writing all of that and your response to me is "F”?Are you so mentally handicapped that the only letter you can comprehend is "F” - or are you just some fucking asshole who thinks that with such a short response, he can make a statement about how meaningless what was written was? Well, I'll have you know that what I wrote was NOT meaningless, in fact, I even had my written work proof-read by several professors of literature. Don't believe me? I doubt you would, and your response to this will probably be "F” once again. Do I give a fuck? No, does it look like I give even the slightest fuck about a single letter? I bet you took the time to type that one letter too, I bet you sat there and chuckled to yourself for 20 hearty seconds before pressing "send". You're so fucking pathetic. I'm honestly considering directing you to a psychiatrist, but I'm simply far too nice to do something like that. You, however, will go out of your way to make a fool out of someone by responding to a well-thought-out, intelligent, or humorous statement that probably took longer to write than you can last in bed with a chimpanzee. What do I have to say to you? Absolutely nothing. I couldn't be bothered to respond to such a worthless attempt at a response. Do you want "F” on your gravestone? Do you want people to remember you as the asshat who one day decided to respond to someone with a single letter? "Hey, look, everybody! It's that "f” guy!" That's who you are. You're going to be known as the "F” guy. How does it feel? Do you feel happy? Quite honestly, I don't care, which is why I'm not even going to respond to you. Goodbye, and good luck with your future as that guy who said "F”. Alright listen up motherfucker, and get your comfy seat because we're gonna be here a while. Do you really think you can just get away with "f" as a message? What if someone did that to you, huh? Do you think you would like it? Making an entire paragraph to get a fuckin' one letter response of the sixth letter in the alphabet, you think that's fuckin' funny, jackass? Do you want your crush to respond back with "f” after you spill your feelings out like this? (Take me back, Emma.) Huh? What if I did it to you? F. Did you fuckin' like that? What, did you just jizz in your pants because someone disregarded your entire effort of writing this ENTIRE paragraph FROM HAND in about fifteen minutes? That just makes me feel fucking rejected just like my ex. (Take me back, Roxanne.) f. What're you, fuckin' gay? Can I have a response that actually MEANS something instead of just shitfacing our "conversation" with the spam of "f?”. Now occasionally with questions or something it's reasonable, but doing it to any fucking response they say. "We're having a nuclear crisis, you have fifteen minutes to evacuate." You're the type of person that would fuckin' say "f” to that, you limp dick hypocrite. You think you can get away with this, right? You think it's SOOOOOO funny to do this shit, but I can guarantee that you'll be taken out back and shot soon. You're fucking dead, "f”ucker