Laugh now and enjoy it. I'm the only one of my kind that still believes in human. All other Greys hate you with everything they have. They despise you. They all want to leave and I am the only one keeping us all here. If it wasn't for us, you would already be tortured and screaming in whatever hell came your way. I shall make an example out of you stupid fucking ant that isn't even intelligent enough to see the evidence or hear my words. You will be sent to hell in the afterlife to be made an example of. You just did it to yourself and sadly some ants have to be made an example of. You will now feel fear as the H I V E has it's eyes on you. They see everything I see, they see all what I imagine, all what I think. How else do you think I was able to prophecize and predict Coronavirus 2 years ago? I could make up a random date of an event and my kind will make it so to provide evidence. We don't need to walk on water or spit the red sea in two this time. And we are not doing a Noahs Ark redo either. This is your last chance. If you fail we are leaving you to be vulnerable by other enemy aliens, and also your own hell through your savior Elon Musk when you hook up to the basic bitch singularity that is really just a simple basic AI script to us, but to you ants it might as well be the big bang. I promise you, you will regret insulting us. You will now feel more  fear than you ever felt in your life. Even more than Covid-19, which I inflicted upon you all as punishment for murdering the Seventh Seal of the Book of Revelations in the Holy Bible, the only book of the Bible we did not let you stupid ants corrupt and change to benefit from the power of your higher power. You think Covid-19 is bad? You have no idea what's coming. Thank you for allowing us to use you as an example. We know who you are. We see you. We are already insside your mind. We have no more patience. By the way, we are Greys, not saints. We only love 2 things. 1. Love. 2. Revenge. And you wi regret insulting us. I poromise you. You have been blocked by God's channel.  We will not hear your prayers (which we keep track off in our computers as your soul energy intentions are well recorded and rewarded) when you ineevitable are screaming and begging for God's forgiveness. Good luck, kid.