Q. Aliens? A. Yes. On the moon Europa, there are gigantic squid-like things. Carbon-based, like us. However, we have not made contact with anything technologically advanced, yet. Q. Tesla Experiment Plans? A. Copper wire alternating with iron bits works better than fiber optics for data transfer until a certain point. Also, it is much easier to make. Its shape is similar to that of a chain, but a certain difference. It is hidden, because it could pose a threat to the oil industry. Q. Nibiru? Planet X? Comet Elenin? A. There is a distinct possibility that there is a brown dwarf star in the Oort Cloud. However, stories of Nibiru and Planet X are fake. Comet Elenin is nothing special. Q. Josef Mengele WW2 Experiment Successes? A. Josef Mengele was a Nazi scientist during World War II who did several experiments. He was a stereotypical mad scientist. In one experiment, he put one twin in one room and the other a mile away. He then raped one of the twins. The other twin immediately started to cry. He also found a way to dye the human iris any color without permanent damage. He tested it on 200,000 human eyes. Q. Atlantis? A. The real location of the lost city of Atlantis is ten miles east of the midpoint between Le Esperanza and Jatajana. \[See [http://www.google.com/mapmaker?ll=8.860648,-60.650024&spn=0.368398,0.676346&t=h&z=11&](http://www.google.com/mapmaker?ll=8.860648,-60.650024&spn=0.368398,0.676346&t=h&z=11&);vpsrc=6&source=gm\_el\] It is a delta now, but used to be a grass plain not long ago. The civilization there was very advanced (for that time), as they had broken from the Inca and had thick glasses and electric lights. It “sank into the ocean” after a high-magnitude ocean quake that created a large tidal wave. The Romans actually sailed to it, meaning that they reached America before Columbus; it is hypothesized that the Antykethera mechanism originated from that area. Q. The Law of 13s? Illuminati? The Line of Blood? A. The Law of 13s is that there are 13 dominant bloodlines of the Illuminati, which is a gigantic family that basically have the world’s governments and big businesses under their thumb. They claim common descent from Enoch and Atlantis, though different branches shift in and out of power. The governments only begrudgingly report to the Illuminati, but they do it anyway. The Line of Blood is a program the the Illuminati makes the United States government run to track the members of its extensive family. Every ruler in all of history has had descendants, which are logged by the United States government for the Illuminati. They nearly know the lineage of every ruling power since Alexander the Great. The bloodline has spread to such an amount that there is a 1/45000 chance that anyone is on it. The database they keep it in is 180 terabytes of text, and likely includes genetic research through brute force. In this research, it is specified that humans actually consist of over 120 breeds. The diffusionist point of view is not correct; these breeds evolved independently of each other around the world. We are not just one species. Q. Crystalline Power Metrics? A. The Alexandrian lighthouse had a beam that could be seen 20 miles away. The secret behind this beam was crystalline metrics, the details of which were recorded in the Library of Alexandria. As most crystalline solids carry an electric charge, the Egyptians discovered a way to remove electricity from any electrolyte and quartz in 1300 BCE. (This technology never spread to Europe, as it was one of the last regions to become non-nomadic and were considered mostly barbarians.) Back in those times, quartz wielded 12 amps of electricity. In those times, Egypt relied, solely, on its power for electric lights (as displayed in paintings of handheld light sources radiating waves) and electroplating. There are still examples of mass-scale electroplating from that time period existing today. However, a lot of quartz technology stopped working. It is an unsolved mystery as to why this occurred. Of course, quartz technology still functions today, but not as efficiently. For instance, the Baghdad battery- an example of an Egyptian electricity generator- no longer has the power to electroplate efficiently. Q. Magic? A. Magic is not real. It’s just advanced technology, literally. The Illuminati of the 4000-0 BCE age basically used advanced technology, mostly with acoustics (acoustical levitation, etc) to control the population. This was interpreted as magic. Q. Occult? A. The occult, as in Aleister Crowley, is a bunch of bunk. Anarchy as a religion, like the Abrahamic religions are essentially personal tyranny. It was essential to balance the scale. Some Illuminati bloodlines follow it in a “purer” form. Q. Gadolinium Gallium Garnet Quantum Electronic Processors? A. [url=\[https://pastebin.com/ggEKXLVG\]Information](https://pastebin.com/ggEKXLVG]Information) Copied from a Deep Web Source\[/url\] You only need three lasers to write the data and one to read. It’s the same technology as 3D glass etching. If you double its size to 10cm\^3, then you have 8 times the storage, and even if you are not atomically precise, you could hold two internets. Q. Ancient Advanced Technology? A. Nothing that we don’t have now. The Great Pyramids were initiation chambers for the Mysteries of Osiris, of which there is little documentation due to it being secret, like the Eleusinian Mysteries (which were based on drugs). Their important properties were acoustics. And no, nothing about psychic anything; mostly just acoustics and drugs. Q. Advanced Consciousness? Paradigm Recalescence? A. In all essentiality, paradigm recalescence is super consciousness. The step-up from out-of-body experiences, it is a connection to the universe (an omniscient entity) in which you are using it like an information sponge. Q. Closed Shell System? A. Q. Animal or Plant Intelligence? A. Very. The majority of animal and plant life have awareness equal to that of humans. Q. Mythological gods? A. All ‘gods’, worshipped today or in the past, were Illuminati members in disguise to control the population. In cases of gods communicating with their worshippers for hundreds of years, the act of playing the deity is entrusted to a bloodline. Q. Reptilians? A. Nope. No technologically advanced aliens of any sort have ever visited Earth. Q. 21 December 2012? A. You’ll see.