Hey everyone, I know we're all excited that everything is gonna open up soon and life will get back to normal and people will get sick but fuck em right? So anyways, I’m searching in life for love & a family of my own. I wanna show someone true love. I wanna be their for someone when they need it. I want a women that will talk to me about thing’s instead of ignore problems. I wanna be someone’s shoulder to cry on. Somebody that can be their when a hug or want of being held is about. Someone ik that will fight threw what ever problem comes. I want to listen an know everything about my soulmate to the T. I wanna do thing’s with someone I haven’t or they haven’t with. I wanna be excited to come home an know that’s my baby an I’m her superman. I want to have a women that want’s me an just only me. I want a family a lot. I wanna go to church an change life. Leave around my mistakes iv made in my past. I want my 1 an done girl an her to have me as her 1 an done. I don’t want to fight or make my women cry. I don’t want to yell when were angry. I’m laid back an a very happy person even if I’m going threw it. I know their’s day’s that’s going to get the best of me but ima remember you want something take it with ambition an floss on them one’s that didn’t believe. Follow you’re heart if you’re minds on the same level if not keep going because them road block’s are gonna hold you from what you want. I don’t want a women who want’s to put their hands on me. I don’t want to harm a women either. I want to go outside an do fun thing’s an search up lil event’s an do them. I want to kiss my women with passion. I want someone I can care for an take care of. I want the fridge to be full so no one’s hungry. I want to stack up cash an have it when it’s needed. I want to do small thing’s like have dinner ready if she came home from work. I wanna run her back when she’s in pain or were ever it hurts. I want to give them flower’s not for brownie point’s but because it feels good to do something sweet for someone. I’m a very sweet loving an caring man an my heart gets me hurt because I just wanna be so nice. But I get treated like crap an ask myself why what I do. Honestly doesn’t matter tho just betters me for who really deserves it. Love an be dangerous an I avoid caution sign’s love can be breath taking were you feel so lucky inside you’re heart an soul. I wanna give myself fully to someone I really do but not just anyone someone who really deserves it. I don’t go off of look’s I’m searching for true love. I don’t want to be jealous I want to trust enough that I don’t have anything to be jealous about. I’m mostly just looking for friends because I can’t find sum like that. Just read it please.