oh my god i did it. i locked my tiny peepee in a phallus cage and mailed the key to her p.o. box. only she can unlock it and set me free. it feels so good watching her stream and running a pillow against the cage until i pass out from the bliss that only being so unsatisfactorily aroused can give me. it’s making me wet right now; thinking of my tiny member raging hard against his cage, demanding to be satisfied. it perfectly mirrors the anticipation that i hold in my heart for the day when i’ve finally given pokimane the right amount of money that she’ll come down from her throne and set me free, emotionally and physically. every day i wake up and i put on her stream immediately, even if she isn’t streaming, i have to be the first in the room. see, if i’m the first in the room then technically we are alone for that time. i’ve never been brave enough to say anything to her for fear that i might ruin the moment, but the time alone together is so nice i don’t let it bother me. i move my laptop to the kitchen and i make breakfast for the both of us, she never eats hers, of course. (she has to stay trim.) but i cook for her nonetheless because she is my queen and she deserves everything she wants. after putting away the dishes i move her to the larger screen in my living room, the surround sound makes it feel like she’s actually in the room and the warmth from the tv makes me feel as though she is close. hehe, id be lying if i said i didn’t try to cuddle and kiss the screen every now and again while feverishly grinding my tiny cock prison against a custom pillow i had made in her likeness. (i know, i know the money spent on the pillow should have gone directly to pokis bank account but i just couldn’t help myself. i’ll see if i can’t sell blood to make it up to her!) i can tell she’s a beautiful  and chaste one-man kind of woman so anything that gives me satisfaction has to bear her image, so i can treat her with the same respect that she will treat me when i finally give her enough money to earn her attention. it makes me sad when other people join the stream (can’t i just be alone with my queen!?) and they ruin everything by simping all over the place. but i know that poki and i have a secret: i sit on my couch positively quivering with the knowledge that she has the key to my penis prison. no one else shares this with her! oh if only they knew! how rife with jealousy these inferior specimens would be! haha!  and then, when i can’t take it anymore and the viewer count is at its highest, i donate my entire weeks pay right in front of everyone. it makes me feel like an absolute chad to hear her say my name in front of everyone, haha they don’t even know. what losers