Since I was but a young boy, I was a grave pisser. It all started when I was twelve years old. I had a math teacher who would bully me after school, and in front of my classmates. She died. So I did the deed, I pissed on her grave. It felt amazing, euphoric almost. Not just emotionally, but I felt physically pleasured by my act. I grew addicted. I would research people who died, deciding if they deserved a piss grave or not. For the next 8 years, I was the pee vigilante, pissing under the cover of night on the corpses that deserved it most. Then the agency came. The agency was an underground group with the goal of pissing on the dead, and they wanted me. They had three main types of worker they employed. Researchers who found the absolute worst beings in the world, people to *put them down early*, and my job. The pisser. The agency had been recruiting new pissers for their elite peepee strike force team, and they had tracked me down. They told me I had exceptional talents, and they could make my dream come true. A career of pee. It was by far the most dangerous and glorious position at the agency, and one I excelled at. I couldn’t escape the danger and excitement. I was living in a dream come true. I was certainly their top guy, I could get in and out in mere minutes, and I knew the best ways to pee to get maximum soakage. On some maximum security missions, I even had to pee upwards of 50 meters to snipe the grave, leaving the guards dumbfounded. I was the best at peeing in the world, until one day, it all fell apart. The leader of the agency was growing old, and he knew his time was up soon. He knew I was a threat as the only man capable of peeing on his grave, and he tried to have me killed. I escaped, but not before getting my penis bitten off by one of his attack dogs. My days of peeing were over. I settled down into a comfy job, in a nice house. My life was still good, but it wasn’t nearly *as good*. I was depressed, and contemplated ending it all. But then I met her. She had that style. She had that smile. She had the walk. She had the talk. She had that zing, but the best thing? She had a penis. I trained her in my art. She became what I couldn’t anymore. And we fell madly in love. She gave birth to a son, who we decided to name Sportacus. We both raised him, loved him, and cared for him, until one day tragedy struck me again. She was killed. I remember it clearly. The fire, the screaming, the sirens, and worst of all,  the stench of burning piss. The agency had killed her, I was sure of it. I had to avenge her, and myself for what the agency had done to us. So I trained Sporticus. He had a massive horse cock, he was just born to piss. I potty trained him at age 2 using cover pee strike missions on low priority targets. Pretty soon he was able to pee on anyone. By the time he was 12, the age I was when I first learned how to piss on a grave, he was as good as I ever was. I would do the research and assassinating, while he would do the pissing. But I knew my end was near. I had cock and ball cancer, and I only had months left, so we did our final mission together: pissing on the boss at the agency. I snuck into his office, and killed him after gloating for a little bit. He looked unconcerned as he died. He didn’t think my son could do it. But oh boy was he wrong. My son took his massive shmeat and lasered the fuck out of his grave with the biggest boner cannon piss the world has even seen. His guards watched in awe, captivated by his skill. He is 17 now. I am in my final hours, dictating this to my son. I took over the agency, and he will inherit it when I die. I hope he knows what a strong person he is. I love him.