You stopped reading years ago, at a guess. Whatever you do nowadays would be more akin to rat in a cocaine study pushing a button.I'm lost as to why you think I know everything. I'm very specific on what I do know, and what I dont. I have a diverse interest set, which means i know a little bit about a lot of subjects.But i ROBUSTLY invite you to take a flying goddamned leap off a pier if you think talking about that shit is easy. You think being fucked with by people with more money and power somehow made all that bullshit ok. Motherfucker, I didn't start out looking to go to war with the world. Seemed like from EARLY on the world had a motherfucking war on ME. All I wanted to be as a kid was either live on the open seas like Jacques cousteau, or be one of the first to kick off his boots and call Mars Home. But no. World just hadto fuckwithmefuckwithmefuckwithme until i snapped off and broke its ass, and keep on having to breaking it's ass.  And all I can really do with all those decades of outrage is funnel them into words. Words that maybe, JUST maybe some others might take some meaning from find some value in. Cuz I sure as fuck dont. Which maybe, FUCK'N MAYBE might make going through all that shit a little better. Because I wont have lived, suffered for nothing. And maybe, JUST MAYBE some things i've learned out here on the raggedy edge of the world might hold some value to someone who probably needs it before they self destruct one way or another. Like i've seen carry so many others away. All I can do is tell the truth as honestly as I know, and hope that it does some good somehow. Makes someones elses life and lot a better run than mine has been. All in the few years of life I have left in me. So either give a brother a hand, or get da fuq out his way so he can do his work. This backstabbing sidesniping tearmedown shit i've had thrown at me for a lifetime, and I don't need one iota more.You only have one more response to gamble with before I remove you from sight, mind, and bandwidth wasting. I wont even remember that you ever existed by the end of the hour should that happen.Either contribute something to the conversation, or get bent. Which is it?