Hello, I'm the number one DreamWorks fan in the world and I remember it so you don't have to do. It’s a long-debated question in movie communities; what is the best trilogy? There are plenty of reasonable options to choose from. The impeccable matrix. The universally acclaimed Hobbit movies. The hilarious big mama trilogy, or I may even allow the Norm of the North suite of films as an acceptable answer. However, there is one sacred set of movies that have been severely overlooked. Yes, of course, I'm talking about the Madagascar trilogy. Ben Stiller, Eddie Murphy, Friends and Gloria make up an ensemble of characters so important to me that it may even begin to sound like I'm exaggerating. Believe me, I'm not. I consider this trilogy to be the inverse of the Godfather movies instead of the third movie being the weakest in MCU. I think most true fans would agree that the third is the best one, followed closely by the second and followed closely by the weaker but still awesome first movie. The first movie is packed to the brim with off-the-cuff references which I love. American beauty and others are referenced. It's hilarious fun for the entire family does not forget the catchphrases that are still remembered, “you didn't see anything”, “when receivers in the zone, leave him alone”. And when KJ utters “Welcome to Madagascar!” I get chills. Sure, the animation hasn’t age the best, but believe me it looked just as bad in 2005, as many have realised at this point, Tropic Thunder, also starring Alex the lion completely ripped off the story of the original Madagascar which goes to show how influential it turned out to be. It's a shame the better movie isn't remembered more fondly. Now we can all agree that Mort is really cute and funny. And of course, we have to respect the establishment of King Julian. If not, simply for the expanded MCU TV show. All hail King Julian which is essential viewing to anyone who is worth their salt in the MCU community. But while I can and always will respect the establishment of such icons at the same time you have to understand that this is just the beginning. The backbone of the story is yet to come. Yes, you heard me correctly as good as the first movie is, things don't really get moving until we finally get to the Empire Strikes Back of Madagascar movies. Escape to Africa, a Madagascar story marked the first time that I felt emotion. It was the night before my birthday, I couldn't sleep from the excitement so I decided to put on something that would be simple and easy to watch. Sure, I could put on something edgy and boring, like 12 monkeys, Mulholland Drive you know the obvious factory produced garbage were all used to at this point, but instead I ironically placed on Escape to Africa, assuming I would turn it off in mere seconds. The clock ticked over into midnight right as the Penguins made an incest joke. Tears filled my eyes as I looked at the time and noticed that it was my birthday. Let's just say that's a 25th birthday memory I'll never forget. Ever since that day I've been a diehard Madagascar fan in the fandom. We go by the moniker of Madagascarians. That's only for the elite few who have important roles in the Madagascar fan discord. Sure, some might say that Escape to Africa is a rip-off of The Lion King, except if we actually honest with ourselves for just one moment it's clearly obvious that Madagascar has a much more genuine sense of humour, better soundtrack, cleaner animation and so much more. Fuck the Lion King. I don't mean to get emotional. But please, how can I sit back and not call out blatant copying such as this. I guess the proof is in the pudding, as far as relevance goes, many, many, many more people remember Makunga. Only idiots don't see the deep political satire behind this movie. The Penguins are capitalists through and through. This is Ben Stiller finally putting his foot down against communism, cleverly using cute birds to get this message across to children. One of the strongest scenes, arguably in the entire trilogy, is when the Penguins fight back against the apes, forming a union Fuck the Avengers. The Penguins are honestly cooler and basically more capable in every single way. Speaking of the Avengers, King Julian is the Thanos of this universe. He represents the sickening nature of absolute power through dictatorship. At the same time still extremely funny and has a pretty good singing voice. His chemistry with Mort obviously stops things from getting too intense or serious, which I'm happy for. The commentary doesn't end there though far from it. Marty has an emotional journey where Alex can't find the real Marty. Because his racist. Luckily by the end, Alex learns not to be a bigot. Thanks for the lesson Marty. The emotional centre of this film is the love triangle between Gloria Melman and Moto Moto. The importance of Moto Moto cannot be misunderstood. Not only is he a cultural icon, but he is brilliantly performed by pop legend William. He brought an element of vulnerability to the role, which is crucial to the Melman arc, which is about him learning to come to terms with the fact that he is a cuckold. Fuck Madagascar 2, at least compared to the most beautiful conclusion of a trilogy, since Pirates of the Caribbean at Worlds End or maybe even alien 3. As I mentioned earlier, Madagascar 3 is the strongest movie in MCU. Yet, the animation is stunning, the action is more intense, the Penguins are crazier than ever before. Are you telling me the circus is in town? Sign me up! What's this? Bryan Cranston needs to fit through a hole, can he do it and live up to his past mistakes? You honestly think you stand a chance of putting this movie down. This film was cowritten by the same Oscar-nominated legend who wrote and directed Marriage Story which really shows in a stunningly raw and emotional scenes between King Julian and the new bear character. It's safe to say that things get hairy! Sometimes you need to ask yourself a do I really need to watch a good movie? Do I really need to waste my time with stuff that is just going to confuse me? Why would you put that much pressure on yourself, especially when clever, underrated gems like this exist? I say explore the bottom of the barrel. Never leave your comfort zone settle for whatever you can get, and you might just find that the Madagascar trilogy is the greatest and the purest series of movies of all time, and I personally cannot wait for this trilogy to become a qualology. So next time you look down on Afro circus, the hilarious Mort, or misquote the Penguins remember that these beautiful pieces of art were made by people and what are people aside from humans. I'm only human, after all, so don't put the blame on me.