 I know you have something to say and I know you're eager to say it, so I'll get right to the point. Shut the fuck up. Nobody wants to hear it, nobody will EVER want to hear it, nobody cares and the fact that YOU thought that someone might care is honestly baffling to me. I actually polled the entire world. Heres a composite of the faces of everyone that wants you to shut the fuck up. It seems as if this is a composite of every human being on the planet, interesting. Now for a composite of the faces that want you to keep talking. Interesting, it seems as if nothing has happened. Here’s a world map, now here’s the text "Shut the fuck up", that’s what you should do. But you know what, maybe I am being a little too harsh here I actually do have it on good authority, thanks to my polling data, that there’s at least one person that actually wants to hear you speak. It's a little child, in Mozambique and he- oh, OH, he's dead? Sorry man, I guess NOBODY wants to hear you talk anymore, please, shut the fuck up. I'm not even making money off this video it has the word "Fuck" in it so I cannot monetize it, but I’m not just telling you to shut up, I’m tell you to shut the fuck up, and you need to hear it, this is a public service! I have nothing to gain from this, except by telling YOU exactly what YOU need to hear, and on that note, let me make this clear. This isn't a broad message I’m aiming at all of my audience, this is a message specifically pointed at you- That’s right! You! You know who you are, and I’m sick of your shit, we all are. The only good you will ever do for humanity, is refusing to participate in it, you can take a vow of silence, you could join a Buddhist monastery, you could even just be a mime! Mimes are fun! But you kinda know that what I’m saying is kinda true already, don't you? You, you understand that you really should shut the fuck up. Why do you keep speaking then? I'm genuinely curious why do you think you deserve to be heard?  Why do you think you deserve to be heard? Oh! Did you think that I was, talking to myself and that this whole video was actually directed at me? No, it's literally just directed at you. I was practicing, to tell you to shut the fuck up. Shut the fuck up. That one was good! Shut the fuck up. The core of what I’m getting at is that you are not a worthwhile person, you're not worth listening to. Everything you've said has been said before, more eloquently, and more coherently; and it's not that EVERYTHING has been said, we still need people to have discourse, in order to say new things and discover new things about ourselves and humanity but you, you will never be one of those people, so shut the fuck up. But I get it, I understand, you wanna respond to me huh? You wanna, let me know how you feel. Go on, leave a comment in the box below, I'll read every, single, one.