K? K what? The letter before L? The letter after J? Did you know that in JK the K stands for “kidding?” So your reply is “kidding?” or K as in Potassium? Do you need some Special K for breakfast? K as in I can K/O you? Can I knock you out and feed you to hungry sharks? Sharks has a K in it. "k"? Are you kidding me? I spent a decent portion of my life writing all of that and your response to me is "k"? Are you so mentally handicapped that the only letter you can comprehend is "k" - or are you just some entitled brat who thinks that with such a short response, he can make a statement about how meaningless what was written was? Well, I'll have you know that what I wrote was NOT meaningless, in fact, I even had my written work proof-read by several professors of literature. Don't believe me? I doubt you would, and your response to this will probably be "k" once again. Do I care? No, does it look like I care even the slightest about a single letter? I bet you took the time to type that one letter too, I bet you sat there and chuckled to yourself for 20 hearty seconds before pressing "send". You're so pathetic. I'm honestly considering directing you to a psychiatrist, but I'm simply far too nice to do something like that. You, however, will go out of your way to make a fool out of someone by responding to a well-thought-out, intelligent, or humorous statement that probably took longer to write than you are capable of maintaining coherent thought. What do I have to say to you? Absolutely nothing. I couldn't be bothered to respond to such a worthless attempt at a response. Do you want "k" on your gravestone? Do you want people to remember you as the guy who one day decided to respond to someone with a single letter? "Hey, look, everybody! It's that "k" guy!" That's who you are. You're going to be known as the "k" guy. How does it feel? Do you feel happy? Quite honestly, I don't care, which is why I'm not even going to respond to you. Goodbye, and good luck with your future as that guy who said "k". What’s that? Do I hear a “k” coming on? Alright pal, draw a chair and listen up because we're gonna be here a while yet. Do you really think you can just get away with "k" as a message? What if someone did that to you, huh? Do you think you would like it? Making an entire paragraph to get a one letter response of the eleventh letter in the alphabet, you think that's funny? Do you want your crush to respond back with "k" after you spill your feelings out? Huh? What if I did it to you? k. Did you like that? Did you? Did it break your soul? k. There. Do you feel valued after that? Or does it feel like someone said they were never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around and desert you, and then did all three? Can I have a response that actually MEANS something instead of just degrading our "conversation" with the juvenile response of "k"? Now occasionally with questions or something it's reasonable, but doing it to any and all responses is not cool. "We’re expecting The Spanish Inquisition any moment now, so get ready." You're the type of person that would say "k" to that, you degenerate scum. I can’t believe you find a sense of humour in this. You think it's hilariously funny to do this - the final word in humour in fact - but I can guarantee you this couldn’t be further from the truth. You're so not funny, "k"iddo.