Yookalaylee is a colorful platformer that recaptured the magic of games like Banjo Kazooie from the minds of some of the people who created it. Unfortunately it recaptures the adolescent dialogue of annoying mascot sidekicks who hate everything about the world they’re in and basically make fun of you for trying to enjoy the game you’re playing. Laylee the bat is an egregiously intolerable fucking monstrosity of a sentient creature. Did you know Laylee is a girl? Cuz I didn’t. I’ve played the first couple grand tomes and the only thing that suggests this bat is a female is what a bitch it is. Laylee is the apparently female sidekick of Yuka, a dinosaur lizard trapped in a relationship with the most hateful animal and toxic flying cunt I’ve ever seen in a video game. Most bats will give you rabies, but Laylee will give you cancer. Laylee is the only girl i’d ever let poop on me, because at least I can die of histoplasmosis without having to listen to her aggressively bully every NPC in the game, who all just stare back at her with crushed self esteem and don’t even know how to process the remark. I can’t process them either because, they’re usually so inane and nonsensical that you just look at the text on the screen and go “are you fucking kidding this dialogue made it past quality assurance?” The game has some solid jokes, and ok references, and even Laylee occasionally has some not irritating things to say, but she’s so otherwise consistently infuriating that I needed to make this video to keep sane. I was gonna roast the whole game but as I played more of it I realized that Laylee is 100% of the problem, and she could hang upside down and fuck off, and salvage most of the experience. Every NPC you choose to talk to she’s always got something to say about their appearance, she walks up to a pig and says “Oh i guess your name is something weight-related” Bitch that pig is a knight in a suit of armor, it should sentence you to hang by the neck until death, and you’re a bat so you’d be trapped inside the noose until you starve to death. Like you can say shit about people’s appearances, you don’t need a nose job, you need a stone sculptor to chip away at that red boulder on your face you faux venomous clown. Yeah I said faux venomous, apparently your venom is so ineffective the scientific community disputes whether or not it should be classified as such. You’re a failure of a predator, you bite your prey with your fangs and they’re like “ooh that tickles” Laylee is a pretentious troll who shouldn’t be outside in the daylight, and Yuka can do so much better. Find a nice bird like a pigeon or an owl and dump that bat trash by the side of the road. You’re an omnivore fucking eat her, just eat Laylee and save your game.