 So one day I decided to go to the toilet and pee. I peed for so long so I went up from my toilet and i tried to stop peeing but it wouldn't stop, everytime I tried to stop, my pp would start to burn so I kept peeing, thinking it would end soon. But then I started to pee even more pee and it started to turn into a super saturated dark yellow colour. I was really confused and tried to stop but then my pp started to burn more and left a sharp stinging feeling in my uretha. So I thought it couldn't possibly get worse than this, right? WRONG!!! As I sat on the toilet, waiting for it to end, I realised that I started to pee even more, this time the amount of pee made my pp feel weird. But then things started to get uncontrollable. An hour in, my pee started to go out so fast that it burned my pp skin and my pee was starting to get redder by the second and skin started to flake off into the toilet. This was getting to bad, every second more pee would start to gush out then the second before itself. About 2 hours in, my pee started to turn to blood red, the tip of my pp skin was basically gone, revealing red muscly flesh. I was almost screaming in pain at that point. But then it started to get wrong blood red pee started gushing out super fast, based on my predictions, I think it was going out at a rate of 15MP/H. The toilet couldn't handle all of the pee ,which should be called blood at this point. So it started to overflow, and blood started to fill up the room slowly. I tried to pee in the bath but the drain, like the toilet, couldn't handle the blood and the drain flew out of the bath at the speed of 110MP/H and it hit my face which painfully crushed my skull. At this point, I was crying in such immense pain but the blood was filling up the room faster because I was peeing more fast so I opened the bathroom door so I wouldn't drown. I practically swam in my pee and then I took a quick look at my pp to see if it stopped peeing but no it was peeing faster than ever and my pp looked like it was gradually getting smaller by getting shaved 1cm per second. I swam upstairs finally finding an area which wasn't blood red pee like a man who didn't see land for years finally seeing land which was hope at this point. But then the pee started flowing out so extremely fast that it was making a hole in the floor. I went in my bedroom where my wife and son was, to make my son less scared, I covered my pp hole but the immense pressure caused my pp to rip art and all I had was a massive hole with blood rushing out. I wasn't crying in pain now, but screaming in so much pain. I screamed so loud, I didn't know I could scream that loud. It wasn't even screaming now, it was a mixture of screaming and crying with many voice cracks mixed in with it. I tried to stop screaming but I couldn't. At this point, I the pee was seeling up to the the upstairs too. I thought to myself "At least there was less pressure because the pee opened up a large hole". But I was wrong, my pee went out in such incredible speed. I wondered how I hadn't become a raisin at this point. My pee accelerated so fast that I was pushed back and up into the sky where I painted my town in blood. I peed up into space and now I'm writing this in Hell.