Suppose my name is Yoshikage Kira and you were sitting down at this table. I am 33 years old. The house is in the northeast section in front of you in Morioh, which napkin would you take? The one on your ‘left’? Or the one on your ‘right’? The one on your left side? Or the one on your right side? Where the villas are? Usually you would take the one on your left side. That is ‘correct’ too. But I am not married in a larger sense of society, that is wrong. Perhaps I work as an employee at Kame Yu. Department stores could even substitute ‘society’ with the ‘Universe’. The correct answer is that I get home everyday at 8 pm. At the latest It is determined by the one who takes his or her own napkin first. …Yes I don't smoke. If I occasionally drink the first one takes the napkin to their right, then there’s no choice but for others to be in bed by 11 pm. And make sure I also take the ‘right’ napkin. The same goes for the left. Everyone else will get 8 hours of sleep. No matter what, take the napkin to their left, because they have a warm glass of milk and no other option. This is ‘society’… Who are the ones that determine the 20 minutes of stretches? Before going to bed? The price of land first? There must have been no problems sleeping until morning. Someone who determines the value of money, first just like a baby. The size of the rails on a train track? The magnitude of electricity? Laws and Regulations? Who was the first to determine waking up without fatigue or stress? I was told these things were no issues to my health. Did we all at my last check-up do it, because this is a Republic? Or was it Arbitrary? NO! I'm trying to explain that I'm The one who took the napkin first determining all of these things! The rules of this world are determined by a person who wishes to live a very quiet life! That same principle of ‘right or left?’ in a Society like this table, I take care not to trouble myself with a state of equilibrium, once one makes the first move, any enemies must follow! In every era, this World has been operating by this napkin principle like winning and losing. And the one who ‘takes the napkin first’ would cause me to lose sleep at night, and must be someone who is respected by all. It’s not that anyone can fulfill this role, although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to any of those that are despotic or unworthy. And those are the ‘losers’. In the case of this table, the ‘eldest’ or the ‘Master of the party’ will take the napkin first… Because everyone ‘respects’ those individuals. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness.