HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHA! I have to say, you sir, are quite humorous! I came to this comment section not expecting to get a laugh better than the one I got from the original post, but you've done it! You absolute mad genius! For all the people with less than 140 IQ (I've taken a test online, mine was along the lines of 230), the fine gentleman I'm responding to mentioned the song 'Sweet Home Alabama' by the Rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd. This is a reference to the high incest rate of the state. Oftentimes me and the boys at our 'Genius Club' should I say (we meet every Tuesday after school to talk about intellectual topics such as physics, philosophy and the development of AI (that's Artificial Intelligence for you dumbasses)) crack jokes at the expense of Alabama with its high incestuality, but I don't expect peasants like you to have the subtle sense of humor we have. Again, my kind friend, I'll have to congratulate you on coming up with such an amazing piece of humor and delivering it in such a subtle manner. If they awarded people with actual life skills like you with humor and me with my deep understanding of quantum physics (I'm even self-taught) instead of those jocks at school that do nothing with their lives but play sports maybe we'd live in a society that wasn't so fucked up. But most people don't understand smart guys like us, and we just have to put up with living alongside complete braindead morons every day. I quote the great Adolph Hitler: "I use emotion for the many and reserve reason for the few." These words of that quite excellent man convey my emotions so well in this time and place, that I ought to get philosophical myself. "If the unintelligent masses rule over the intelligent few, what purpose is there to exist?" (Don't quote me on that lol I just think about stuff like this quite often.) The situation we are at reminds me too well about the novel '1984' written by George Orwell. In the novel language is being heavily moderated in the same manner many people responding to you here are trying to censor your innocent, albeit a bit dark joke. But I will forgive them, they will all be forgiven by death at the end. To quote Jesus on this: "Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing." (Don't worry I'm not a religitard, I was just bored in religion class and decided to browse the Bible and found this pretty cool quote.) But hey you seem like a really rad friend, maybe you'd like to join our club for intellectual persons? If you don't live in Houston you can attend via Skype, just add me. My Skype name is adam.goldberg. One of our members is a communist so we can't talk about how (((Jews))) rule the world but he's moving to LA next fall so until then. But, after all these pleasantries, I have to thank you one more time, for making me laugh and for bringing me one step back from the brink of suicide!