they definitely do, I believe thousands, but only fraction has any real impact on the world. I have a godmother, that I love more than most of my blood relatives, and she is a bit...eccentric. I would never call her crazy, as many people who don't know her do, but I remember from my early years, like 3 or 4 years old, when she would take me in for a weekend when my parents went somewhere on a trip, that we would drive to some remote mansions, full of people, gated, guarded, I remember one particular time I and maybe 5 other kids my age were entertained all day by this funny man, who did all sorts of fun activities with us, puppet theatre and really all sorts of games that kids would like, and I have vague memories of a crate of guns, like you would see in a movies, big wooden crate filled with guns. I never talked about it with my "aunt" but I do think she was part of some group supporting Isreal guerilla units. They we know each other as families I only learned when I was in my 20s. My grandparents - austrian grandma from Vienna, who owned a pharmacy that was ruined during ww2, and grandpa, half german half czech from the Sudetenland, emigrated to Czechoslovakia in '45, thinking it will be better place to start a family after Vienna was in ruins. My grandpa was working in Czechoslovakia already during war and helped this jewish couple, parents of my "aunt/godmother" by giving them groceries (they both were forced to work in hospital basically as slaves), they remained close friends since, so did my mother and their children. My aunt married a shady guy, a real family man and lovely guy, but in reality he was half slovak/half yugo-croatian, basically an active member of yugo mafia, during the communism he made his significant wealth smuggling people out of czechoslovakia through yugoslavia, which was the most common route for people here to get to the west as borders with yugoslavia were slightly more "open" and the risk you would be shot do death crossing border illegally were minimal as oppose to czechoslovakia. And apparently he was not a complete crook by scalping the people of everything they had, unlike the smugglers do these days with people escaping Syria and the like, he just really smuggled that many people to become rich, when I once talked with his son, who I call my cousin, he said he thinks his dad smuggled around 13k people out of the country. Many of them remained in contact afterwards, after they reached Germany, USA, Brazil, Canada. Doctors, scientists, writers, some people apparently made it big in hollywood.. many people also moved back to Slovakia in the 90s, as very wealthy succesful people who came back home to retire. All these people - I think, I have no real facts - have their hands in all sorts of shit, good and bad, guns, drugs in on hand, helping people on their death beds with procuring meds that are still in development/untested properly, sending sick children to world renowned specialist all around the world if local insurance would not even pay for the 50k medication because it is not "worth it". The older my aunt is the more "slips" she had when she talks to me, she is now 71, she still disappears couple times a year for days, sometimes weeks, she would bring me some little gifts from all over the world, and would just chuckle that one day, when she get's old, she will tell me about her "travels and secrets of the world". But I think, it is much less "romantic" as I would maybe wish it to be. No vip member club cards. just good ol' gatherings of wealthy and/or people capable to provide goods and services for their needs. I only once witnessed her "magic", a young family had a kid with some ultra rare heart disease, like only 20 people around the world were known to have that, and there was only one professor in Canada who ever successfully helped these people. The family was on board a plane in 3 days to meet the professor, after my aunt said "she will try to make some arrangements". Her friend had a friend who had a friend..