cummy, with your consent, i will bare your children. i don’t want to be hard on you. it’s okay if you are not erect on our first try. i may feel a little dry down, i don’t judge. we can do this together. and, within a few months, hopefully, i will be with child. when we go to my first ultrasound, you will be shocked that we’re having twins. twins run in my family. my mother and father were twins. huh? no silly, they didn’t have a twin sister or brother, they were biological twins. my grandparents were twins also, not biological of course as my grandfather is a black man and my grandmother is a white woman. after nine months of preparing for the day to come, my water will break, and you will rush me to the hospital. i will be 15 hours in labor until our first child, cummy jr., arrives. our second child, cummy jr. II, will arrive a few minutes afterwards. they’re perfectly healthy and happy. i am quite hungry after conceiving, and you suggest i rest. you head to the cafeteria to fetch me some snacks, and while there, a scandalous looking man approaches you. he yells at you, and asks you various questions. he assaults you and leaves you bloody and beaten on the cafeteria floor and flees before anyone can catch him. kind people assist you, checking if you are okay. you’re not okay. you have 3 broken ribs, a broken right arm, and temporary memory loss. you recover over the next few months as i nurse the twins alone. when you regain your memory, i cry. i am overjoyed and thrilled that my husband has regained his memory. we celebrate and you officially meet your children. later that night, we are watching the evening news. a criminal that has been on the loose for a while has targeted a local corner store, killing 1 worker and injuring 3 customers. as he heads out of the corner store, he looks at the camera located on the wall, observing his every move, his face, his actions. he stops and pulls a paper from his pocket and unfolds it. there are letters written on the paper. ‘i’m coming for you cummy. -joe.’ i look to you sitting beside me, mouth wide open. the words pour out of my mouth like cool water, “c-cummy, who’s joe?”