 at 5:30 AM I was dressed in garter belt, stockings, pink satin sleep shirt that ended at about 4 inches above my boy clit. I went into the sit down pot, and was slowly jerking . WAS quiet, until this guy came in, (no swing door on the toilet side) he waked right up to the stall in front of me. he pulled his pants down, with out a word, took me by the back of the head, and stuffed his uncircumsised dick into my mouth. of course it’s exactly why I was there. he literally jacked himself off with my mouth. he tensed up after what seemed like 10 / 15 minutes, and said, “ready for breakfast boy bitch ? I nodded yes. his pre cum tasted good, so I wanted his fresh heavy sperm to eat. he unloaded, backed up, pulled up his pants and said “ i’ll be here every Tuesday morning, and Friday morning same time. you will be here to eat the load then”. I shook my head yes. and he said - - my friend from work is out front. he wants to cum too. I’LL send him in. be good boy and let him fuck your face too. he said he hasn’t unloaded in a week. he came in , and he was a really , really well hung black fella. he did almost the same thing his friend did. he was so very big and hard. as he pushed his huge cock against my throat, I gagged, but held him. he was gentle then, and simply jacked himself off going in until itv hit my throat. he jacked, then HE hit the back of my throat with a load of about 5 big pumps. I spilled a bit down my chin. but ate most of it. he held both sides of my face, as he pulled out, making me look up at him. said you be back here like my friend told you to. I’ll be here too. I swalloed quickly everything I had , and asked him if he would teach me to take him balls deep. yes he said, I like training white boys to deep throat. the following Friday, I went back and sat there until about 6:15, but never saw them. I went there for the next coupla weeks, but no show. but I still think to this day about them. especially the black man that said he likes training sissy boys to deepthroat. thay always gets me off thinking about that.