Would you guys consider jacking off to be a sport? I don't know about you motherfuckers but I consider that shit to be a sport, okay. If people can sit back and label goddamn golf (which is the boring-ass fuckin sport in the world) a goddamn sport, if you can label that shit as a sport and if you can label goddamn fishing as a sport, I know damn well you can label jacking off a sport. Think about it, what the fuck athletically are you really doing in-in golf my nigga? All you're doing is hitting the goddamn golf club. \*SMACK\* "Oh my god man, that's a long-ass birdie man, nice birdie, nice put man it went 250 yards." Get the fuck outta here nobody cares about that boring ass shit. Who the fuck really watches golf my n- \*snoring\* nobody gives a fuck it makes niggas fall asleep. Fishing, on the other hand; what the fuck are you really doing athletically my nigga? In fishing all you're doing is that you're sitting your bitch ass up in a boat usually its owned by some Snagit teeth motherfuckers that ain't got no goddamn teeth up in they fucking grill wanna open they mouth. They're just sitting up in a goddamn boat, you know I'm saying? Throwing a goddamn rod it could be any kind of goddamn bait upon the end of the rod it could be a worm, it could be a caterpillar, it could be a centipede, it could be a dead ass butterfly, it can be a fucking beak of a damn bird, it could be a fuckin- it could be anything, you know I'm saying? "Oh my god we caught a big-ass salmon real that fat bitch in, yeah!" Motherfu- what are you doing athletically? How the fuck is that working up a sweat my nigga? What, you're working out your arms because you have to reel that motherfucker? Nigga, that's not a sport dog. Well fuck it, it is a sport fuck it. You guys want to consider that shit to be a sport? Jacking off is a fucking sport to me. Jacking off and beating your motherfucking dick to porn is a sport. There's two damn things that you have to do. A. You build up a sweat. Well, actually, you don't have to do shit. There's- there's basically two things that goes down, that's what I meant to say. A. You're building up a sweat. I don't give a fuck nigga, if you are building up a sweat goddamn it, that's shits c- that shit is considered a sport. You're building up a sweat. Number 2, and the mo- and the most important part of that shit, is that your hand is getting a workout. Your hand is getting a workout. Nigga, you are building up your arm strength and you're building up your hand strength. Okay? Um... I don't know about you, nigga, but when I'm beating my shit nigga my fucking hand muscles get fucking tight, you know I'm saying? And that shit wears- that shit wears the fuck out of my entire left arm. I used to be able to do it with my right hand, can't do that shit, so I do it with my left hand. Um, so... in my personal opinion... do you guys consider jacking off a sport? In my- nigga in my opinion, I believe it is. So, um, I know some of you little trolling ass faggot bitches are gonna say "Ohhh, man, hahaha, you must get no pussy motherfucker if you jack off!" Motherfucker lets be real, okay? Everybody has jacked off once in they goddamn life, if you want to sit back and you're gonna come on my video and true my shit saying that "Oh nigga oh nigga... um... um... I never jacked off once in my life." Bitch stop lying. Everybody does the shit, okay? So please miss me with that bullshit nigga, and go nigg- and go go preach that shit to somebody who fucking is gonna actually listen to you, okay? Number 2: "Oh my god this video was stupid, it was pointless." Couldn't have been that stupid, bitch! You still clicked on it! You know what I'm saying? All the motherfuckers that are watching this video, nigga, you saw the title of the fucking video before you clicked on the video. So it couldn't have been that damn stupid if you still proceeded to click on the motherfucker. So, jacking off. The shit's a sport. Fuck it.