I was at a bachelor party he was hired to perform at; great act and magician. He showed up naked which was kind of a weird start but he asked to give him a moment while he "spruces up" and stepped into a living room closet. 10 minutes after he walked into the hallway closet with nothing, he came out wearing a skin tight zebra jumpsuit and knee-high silver boots. This was normal compared to the 300 lb cannon he pulled out of the closet with him; he did not have this when he went into said closet 10 minutes prior. The amazement escalated as he started shouting out words I couldn't really understand and started yanking on this pullstring attached to the cannon. After a loud boom a giant burst of glitter filled the room. Once the glitter settled Uncle Majic's outfit somehow changed again and he was now dressed like the Riddler from Batman in an all green one piece with black question marks scattered all over. He pulled some kind of bolt out of a side pocket and pegged it against the wall which is now in need of drywall repair. Uncle Majic again started garbling some strange noise from his mouth and appeared to be hallucinating because he was waving his arms around in awkward circles and had this petrified look on his face. Instantly stopping all of this he stood still for what seemed like ten minutes while we all watched in complete silence. Eventually he took notice of one of the guests and staggered over to him, staring into his soul it seemed. He started sniffing around our friends neck area like he hasn't eaten in weeks and suddenly chomped down on guest's shoulder. Everybody loved it and we all started clapping and demanded more; more magic! He spun around looking at the direction of the kitchen and started crying hysterical. He asked in a very southern US sounding accent if anybody had a "tube of lipstick" he can borrow but came up fruitless in his request. I found a red permanent marker in a nearby drawer and let him use that. He colored his lips in haphazardly with the marker and jumped to his feet. He slapped my chest which set me back and ran to the kitchen and ripped the fridge door half off its hinges so it laid at a diagonal. He starts swatting out the fridges contents with great interest until finding a package of hot dogs and tore it open with his teeth. He grabbed a loose dog and stuck it in his mouth like he was lighting a cigar and started banging his head up and down until it broke in half; doing this with each hot dog in the package. Finally he stopped destroying everything and acted completely calm, bowed and said thank you, slid off the costume going back to being butt naked and walked out the door. Everybody was speechless and he never even charged us, we aren't even sure it was the right guy or not. Either way, whoever he was showed up on time and was either high as hell on PCP or just a damn good entertainer/party host and I highly recommend him to any family party.