Good morning. Hi, how are ya? Oh I'm good. Thank you. God bless ya Jack. Good to hear your voice. How ya doing today? Good. I just wanted to say God bless you and God bless all the DJs there: Richard, Bobby and Rodney. Hope they're doing well. Ah good to hear that. I wanna say God bless my Grandson, Rusty, he just started summer vacation today. He's gonna be playing baseball this summer. And i just wanted to say God bless the USA and our troubled economy. Hope things are gonna get better soon. Little bit. Just wanted to say God bless the Kansas City Royals. My grandson's a big fan of them and they're doing pretty good this year. Yeah, they're doing good. I love base- God bless baseball, it's a good pastime. And i wanted to say also God bless the auto industry. They're having alot of trouble. God bless Jesus, you know. Jesus the reason me and you are here. Amen, amen Jack. God bless you Jack. I wanted to say, Jack? Hello? Hi, i just wanted to say too. I wanted to say God bless the weather we've been having. Pretty nice, yeah. Just wanted to say, you know. God bless the-the phone companies too. 'Cause without them, I wouldn't even be talking to you right now. And, you know, so God bless technology too and God bless Alexander Graham Bell for inventing the telephone cause without him I dont know how I'd talk to ya Jack. I guess I'd have to come up there to the radio station and talk to ya in person but. And also, God bless email and computers cause people are able to email their swap shop items in for you. \*scoffs\* Computers, uh, God bless that and God bless microphones 'cause you're able to talk on the radio and love your voice. God bless and God bless your-your sponsors too. And God bless chairs 'cause I know right now you're sitting in a chair and it probably, you'd have to stand up and do your broadcast you didnt have so whoever invented the chair, God bless ya. And-and I just wanted to also say God bless God because without God and Jesus and Mary and Joseph I dont think anything would be happening on this earth, without anything. I just wanted to say, ya know,n God bless vitamins 'cause i have old bones and my bones arent working like they use to and they're working a bit better than they were and, ya know. And God bless doctors for helping me, ya know. And i also had a problem with my rectum and my doctor fixed it up, he patched it up, it fell out the other day because I'm gettin a little older as we all are, Jack. And he, my rectum fell off and he put it back in there and it seems to be working fine. I went to the bathroom this morning and everything came out alright. God bless my rectum and God bless God and my doctors and God bless my grandson, Rusty, God, is there anything I'm missing Jack? Yeah, ok , well did i say God bless the other DJs? I mean God bless, hold on my grandson wanted to say... what son? Oh, God bless our blessings. You know. Don't forget, Jack, to count your blessings. Ok, and God bless- God bless.