Hey guys. I'm sorry this took so long to come out. I was processing things and thinking things through and this is my first time going through something like this and I wanted to go about it as best as I possibly could, and I want to be honest. My relationship with Carson was very complicated. I had a boyfriend at the time and neither Carson nor my boyfriend at the time knew about each other, and while I was clear with Carson that Carson and I were not in a relationship, I still led him on and I ended up hurting Carson and my boyfriend at the time very badly in the process. I am now seeing a therapist and although I didn't realize it at the time I was dealing a lot with depersonalization and I felt like I was two different people living two different lives. I feel like a passenger in my own body. I ignored very conflicting feelings and thoughts and I was very lost and confused, and I didn't know what I wanted or what was important to me and this was when I got involved with Fitz and I handled it very similarly to how I handled previous things. I depersonalized a lot and was very lost and confused and didn’t know what I wanted and made a lot of bad decisions because of that and I hurt both him and Carson and their friendship as well. Carson and I streamed together and his community very much saw us as a couple which we encouraged and it felt really good to have such a positive impact on so many people and I’m sorry to all those people that I let down and disappointed. There are so many things that I could have done better. I was lost and confused and I ended up hurting people that I cared about and in the future I want to be better and I want to focus on myself which is why I’m taking further time off streaming and I’m working through my depersonalization, I’m still seeing my therapist and I want to live my life more openly and honestly and more than anything I want to be honest with myself which is something I’ve struggled with a lot, and I’m sorry to everyone. I’m sorry to my community and anyone that I’ve disappointed or let down. I'm sorry to Carson’s community. I’m sorry to Fitz’s community and anyone else’s community that’s affected by this, anyone who had to deal with this drama in their chat. I’m sorry to Tempo. I’m sorry to Fitz for hurting his image and his friendship with Carson. I’m sorry to my ex-boyfriend for handling our relationship so poorly. He’s very much a victim in this and Carson who is also a victim in this and deserved a lot better. I don’t expect anyone to forgive me but I hope this at least can provide some understanding.