 The question of whether futa is gay or not has stumped the greatest minds of our time. However, this is no longer as I will now solve this question once and for all through the use of Einstein's theory of relativity.  First we all need to be on the same page on basics of the theory of relativity. Essentially, this theory seeks to explain how two events that appear to be occuring at the same time for one observer can appear to be occurring at different times for another observer. The theory states that this occurs due to the passage of time being relative to the motion of the observer. To put it in laymans terms, if you were to go really fast you would experience time faster than someone who is standing still. This is how two observers can perceive time differently  So how does this apply to futa?  Well, lets imagine a situation to explain how this works. Lets say that we have two people observing some futa hentai. One of the observers believes that it is gay while the other does not. Both people are observing the same event in different ways due to the fact that gay itself is relative to the individual observer. I call this theory the relativity of sexuality.   The reason that this occurs is due to everyone having a different psychological response to viewing futa. People that can only see it as being gay see a man that has boobs while people that dont see it as being gay see a woman with a dick. That may seem like the same thing at first but that distinction makes all the difference. By having the base for futa being a guy and then just adding some boobs is pretty undeniably gay. However, a woman with a dick is not really gay at all, as is postulated in the infamous 2.19% theory, but in this situation it is even less gay as futa characters also have boobs and puss while traps do not.  Now the reason why all of this is important is because since this is all relative to the observer it is easy to make futa not gay in your mind by changing your position of observation. How you do this is by no longer viewing futa as being a man with boobs, but rather as chicks with dicks.  And just like that futa is not gay. You can enjoy your futa hentai without questioning your fragile masculinity.     This is the original version of the script: (The above one is more accurate to what appeared in the video, I edited the comment to include the new version)  The question of whether futa is gay or not has stumped the greatest minds of our time. However, this is no longer as I will now solve this question once and for all through the use of Einstein's theory of relativity.  First we all need to be on the same page on basics of the theory of relativity. Essentially, this theory seeks to explain how two events that appear to be occuring at the same time for one observer can appear to be occurring at different times for another observer. The theory states that this occurs due to the passage of time being relative to the motion of the observer. To put it in laymans terms, if you were to go really fast you would experience time faster than someone who is standing still. This is how two observers can perceive time differently  So how does this apply to futa?  Well, lets imagine a situation to explain how this works. Lets say that we have two people observing some futa hentai. One of the observers believes that it is gay while the other does not. Both people are observing the same event in different ways due to the fact that gay itself is relative to the individual observer. I call this theory the relativity of gayety.   The reason that this occurs is due to everyone having a different psychological response to viewing futa. People that can only see it as being gay see a man that has boobs while people that dont see it as being gay see a woman with a dick. That may seem like the same thing at first but that distinction makes all the difference. By having the base for futa being a guy and then just adding some boobs is pretty undeniably gay. However, a woman with a dick is not really gay at all, as is postulated in the infamous 2.19% theory, but in this situation it is even less gay as futa characters also have boobs and puss while traps do not.  Now the reason why all of this is important is because since this is all relative to the observer it is easy to make futa not gay in your mind by changing your position of observation. How you do this is by no longer viewing futa as being a man with boobs, but rather as chicks with dicks.  And just like that futa is not gay. You can enjoy your futa hentai without questioning your fragile masculinity.**Show less**