Fuck ethots. And don't make a fucking joke out of that phrase you degenerate coomers. You damn well know what I'm saying. Do you know why I fucking despise only fans porn sellers and all the thots like them? No it's not cause their sluts or because I'm some retarded pearl clutching boomer or some dumb shit like that. It's because they're parasites. They get money for doing jack shit because retarded neckbeard simps are willing to fork over cash because of their delusional beliefs that they actually have some connection to the girls just because the girls aren't "professionals" like pornstars and might read they're comment sections once every few months. Any male or any less attractive, or any less, to put this the nice way, "open" woman, that gets born into a middle  to lower class family today have work their asses to make money. Have to suffer, and work hard, and deal with shit they don't like to make money. They have to get jobs as teens, have to limit their spending to pay off student loans, have to make hard decisions and work they're asses off to get a good education and succeed in life. But these fucking ethots? They just whip out they're tits, take a few picks, and beg incels for cash and suddenly they're in the fast lane into a life in the middle class. And after having it so easy, after accomplishing the success that so many others made sacrafices to accomplish, accomplish ing what so many others had to put time and hard work in too accomplish, just by pulling out their tits and convincing some neckbeards to pay to look at those tits, they still feel like they're the victims. That somehow they're the ones who have it hard? Bitch shut the fuck up. You know what? I respect the sluttiest pornstars in the most fucked up porn more than I respect the amateur egirls posting nudes on onlyfans. At least the pornstars have to go through some shit to get the money they get. Do you think they like choking on the dick of some fatass old man they find sexually and physically repulsive while they get ass fucked by some other random douche. But they do things they don't like, they deal with people and with situations they despise, just like the rest of us, so that can get paid. At least the pornstar suffers for what they earn just like the rest of us. Ethots? They do nothing? They literally just sit on their asses and take a few pics of their tits and suddenly their making bank. You know what? Maybe they should fucking hang themselves in the woods, at least then their corpse might serve as a snack to some wild animal, and they would be of more use in death than they ever were in life.