Fuck your mother, I am using English language and you don't even understand? I said get out of our team, ok? I don't like Trump, you know? I don't like American, yeah? So you are black or white? Are you nigger, first? Are you black? I am saying you, are you black? Ok it's racist, so what? I'm racist. I don't like the black, so what? Look the trump, ok? look the trump. You can see the virus in his body. You can see what's wrong with you american, the trump. He make the virus, you can see that. It's all the american people do this, ok? It's not chinese business, ok? Fuck you it's american virus, piece of shit. You are literal dog you are literal you are american sheep you are know nothing, you know? I am calm down, I am fucking calm down. Yes, yes china make the virus fuck you. ok ok made in china you be china number 1. i hope you have sick i hope you have the virus tomorrow now. i wish you have the virus in your home, in your wife, in your son, doctor, grandmother, cousin, everything you know. your wife and you, little bitch, have the virus. you whole family BOOM BOOM BOOM. the virus will kill the people in the world but china is safe. people die, ok? people die, people die. Your mom, your mom, you fucking american can't even buy toilet paper. tommorow you'll get the virus i tell you, and don't come crying for a testing kit huh? Fuck you calm down. fuck your mom, you don't get to tell me to calm down idiot. What the fuck are you saying motherfucker, you can't stop fucking talking. Do you even know how to speak chinese motherfucker? You motherfucker, can you speak as fluently as I do huh? I can use a thousand words to talk to your 18 generations of ancestors. America has a history of less than 200 to 300 years... at most 400 years, we have 5000 years of chinese history compared to that, fuck your mom. Fuck your mom, you can't buy toilet paper in America, must feel bad. You probably hoard supplies every day, stupid stinky little brother hmm? You guys only know how to oppress the Chinese people, huh? You only know how to take things left and right. If i'm every in america i will fight all of you every day. trust me, we will only need a fraction of our manpower in the north east in order to completely take over the united states. Stupid idiot, there's not even any inflection in your voice and you tell me english is the fucking international language. Everything you say sounds the same, 26 characters in your vocabulary which you can't make anything from. stinky bitch. you think the virus came from china or did the american government tell you? if you don't know, then ask your government and see if they'll reply. You don't know nothing, you're oblivious. every day you're oblivious.