Don’t you understand basic concepts like politeness? As soon as you appeared here, the first thing you did was to try and force your opinion down my throat. No introductions or anything. Forcing your opinions on others, no matter what kind of relationship, that is never acceptable. An enforcement of your opinions imposes your values on others, and so is a clear violation of their rights. Therefore, from any rational perspective, this is an infringement of my rights. And a horrendous loss of etiquette, because the other party is left with a lesser value, assigned to their very existence. In any other situation, this would be a clear infringement of their rights and most likely a criminal offence. Of course I’m not saying that there isn’t a chance that the other party is a centrist. Someone who, by definition, is unable to hold any opinions of his, or her own. In that case, I can understand trying to save these poor souls and promote your, despicable, ideology. However in assuming this, you have accidently revealed your disgusting bigotry. Simply because of the person that I am, you automatically assumed that I’m a centrist, a deeply racist and bigoted assumption, that violates my rights and freedom to self-expression. Or perhaps your monstrous actions were rooted in class hatred? Perhaps you assumed that just because I’m a multi billionaire that owns a series of children’s workshops across the entire east, and posses 132 wives, that by some gargantuan leap of logic, my rights are somehow more protected and more acceptable to violate, than someone of less noble status? Let’s imagine for a second you did this to someone else. A Muslim, a black person or a woman perhaps. Telling them that their religion/race/gender is inferior, and stating it as a fact no less, would be a clear case of hate speech, and an obvious violation of their rights. But no, simply because I am a straight white man, that suddenly makes violating my freedom of speech, the NAP and even the constitution of this country acceptable. Of course, such a brazen violation of everything we hold dear in this liberal country, and the freedoms of its people, cannot be ignored. You will be hearing from my lawyer soon enough and I promise you this: you shall pay for this, for I shall allow no disgusting commie, neo-Marxist, scum, to take my rights and freedoms. God bless America!