When it comes to the existence of objects that have morphed and changed, in part due to their perception throughout the course of history, it does not take long before one begins to consider objects of exceedingly long, cylindrical, and rounded nature. The reader has but to consider the iconically Ionic columns of the Parthenon, the obelisks of ancient Egypt, or the steles of Persia before realizing the true extent to which such objects have been the focus of ancient, and present, attention. However, before delving further into the content of this essay, it is necessary to consider the historical context. What is the importance of these cylindrical forms? What is their significance? How great is their prevalence? It is possible to argue, simply, that they are convenient structural forms which provide sufficient support to architectural constructs such as temples? Returning closer to reality, it must be necessary to also answer the question of present attention that must be paid to such objects, living or inhuman in nature. Just because ancient anthropological study suggests that, for centuries of time before, these shapes (hereafter referred to as “Phallic forms” due to their striking resemblance to the male member) and their representative bodily shape (the aforementioned male form) have been readily worshipped, utilized, and indeed used to represent power and the secular sacred, does not necessarily suggest that they ought to continue to be thusly treated. To begin, let us consider the prevalence of such phallic forms in the true reality of history, and then consider the philosophical implications of this prevalence in the context of Plato’s forms. It does not take a highly educated person to realize the historical extent of these Phallic forms. Let us begin first of all in Ancient Egypt with the Obelisks. These monumental shapes were tall, four-sided towers that rose and culminated in a pyramid. Obelisks were placed out in front of places of great ritual, such as temples or places of worship, be it of the Egyptian Gods or of the Pharaoh himself. Obelisks, therefore, represented the interconnection of the divine form with the human form. To visit a place wherein a obelisk stood was to visit the place of God on earth. Such a powerful association foreshadows the great importance of the Phallic form throughout history. However, when considering the Obelisk, it is possible to note that whereas the true Phallic Form is curvaceous and rounded, the Egyptian obelisk is sharp and pointed, less indicative of the Phallus as it is a mere act of defiance to the skies. Herein, then, lies the true point of interest. Did the Egyptians consider the Obelisk a phallus, or merely a directional pointer, indicating, as it were, the source of it’s power via a bold gesture towards the heavens? Regardless of the answer to this question, it cannot be denied that, like the phallic form, the Obelisk is long, hard (as they were atypically created with substances other than granite or sandstone), and at least reminiscent of Phalli.