So if there's one thing you should know about me, I'm a weeb. A huge weeb. Yeah... anime, manga, visual novels, they're all really good. Well, maybe not all of them. *ahem* Anyway, there's this one game in particular that I really like called 'Doki Doki Literature Club' which is your classic dating-sim anime style visual novel... with a twist! Well, if you wanna know how much of a twist it has, it's listed down as psychological horror, so if you're not good with that kind of thing then don't try the game out. I'm not here to promote the game, this isn't a paid video, I'm just here to tell you that I liked the game and if you wanted to then you should try it out. So, that leads onto my next thing, I've got an instagram channel that is full with stuff to do with Doki Doki Literature club. Most of my friends call it an 'insane addiction' and they're probably right. But... yeah, I'm not ashamed to admit that, I like the game and it's my favourite game in the world. So most of my stuff that I post on my instagram is probably just fanart, fanart, memes and in my stories I usually put Q&A's and quizzes. If you wanna check out my instagram that'll also be in the description. So, back to my interests, I also like to draw quite a lot, which is why I'm starting an animation channel cus I can draw to my heart's content without people saying 'oh why are you drawing you're not accomplishing anything from this'. Yes I am accomplishing stuff from this, I'm making people's dreams come true. So things I like to draw are maybe anime characters, more anime characters, probably more anime characters. Uh, I mean, I like anime, I like drawing anime characters. But for some reason I can't draw boys. I can draw girls just fine. They're really easy to draw, but I can't draw guys. I don't know what it is, maybe it's the eyes, I can't draw a male anime character's eyes. Which is strange because by looking at an anime character you'd think a girl's eyes would be much more difficult but honestly trust me it's not. A guy's eye is so much more difficult. Cus it's much more smaller, so the detail is in a much more compact space so it's much more difficult to get it in accurately. But, it's fun nonetheless, fun to see all the fails, I've literally got a sketchbook behind me which has a ton of fails, so who knows that might appear in another video as well. I also like to go to conventions, so I've actually only been to two conventions, so I went to a comic-con back in, I believe it was march, march of 2019, and I went to an anime convention in august. Which, both were really fun. The comic convention may as well have been an anime convention cus everything I got was anime related. I got anime posters, figurines, anything to do with anime. At the anime convention, again, I got a lot of stuff to do with anime, I got a death note, that was quite interesting. Yes I've written people's names in it and no they haven't died yet. *nervous laughter* It was also my birthday, uhm, not too long ago, and one thing I got was manga paper, which I can now use to draw my anime characters more effectively, which is really, really good. Because I've always wanted some sort of clean, smooth paper that I can use to draw anime on, and I've never managed to get any. Like, some sort of cartoon paper or some sort of illustration paper would have been perfect, but the fact that my parents went out and got me some amazing paper that is actually for manga, is just amazing. So, I'm really thankful that I got those. Now, I'd say this video is probably coming to a close, so I probably will post another video maybe in the next two, weeks or so? Now videos like this, they take ages, you can't fully appreciate a youtuber's life and how difficult it is to edit and produce videos until you've done it yourself. It may not look like it, it may just look like most youtubers just play games for a living and it's just that but trust me it's more difficult than that.  You've gotta edit your videos that can take hours, if you've got an animation channel you've gotta animate for hours, you gotta take numerous takes of your audio because you'll mess up all the time. I've already taken about 8 or 9 takes of this and I'll probably need to take more. It's really, really difficult, but it's also really good fun, and when you get a big enough channel it's really rewarding as well so I'm hoping that will happen when I get more subscribers aswell. So yeah I hope you enjoyed the video and I'll see you next time.