[hello welcome to mcdonalds you are very very fat should i replace your french fries order with a salad maybe your extra greasy hamburger with a fat free veggie burger according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting now go be a fatass and suck a dick its less fattening than a big mac hello fat cunt welcome to mcdiarrhea you are one obese motherfucker should i replace your shit ass garbage with something fucking healthy maybe your shit sandwich with something that won't give you a goddamn heart attack at 40 according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting you goddamn landwhale now go be a fat cunt and suThe humanoid species populating the area today known as Alabama evolved from the bacterium cletus yeehawus. When c. yeehawus first evolved genitalia, an unknown bottleneck event happened that left a single family of four. These primitive mammalians had no choice but to mate with each other. All modern homo hillbillis are descended from this family, and have maintained the instinctual proclivity towards inbreeding. H. hillbillis has since migrated to other regions of North America, most recently having been spotted in Quebecck a fucking dick its less motherfucking fattening than a fucking big mac Greetings, my good sir. I must welcome you to this most elegant of high-class restaurants which is known by the name of McDonald's. However, you are quite overweight, and you have ordered a dish that is fairly unhealthy. Might I suggest substituting the potato-based side dish with a healthier salad? How about instead of a hamburger, I shall serve you a meat-free substitute made from vegetables, tofu, or another cruelty-free substance? The device we have provided to measure your weight dictates it to be 1814.369 kilograms! Absolutely ghastly! Please vacate the premises of our fine establishment, continue your hedonistic lifestyle, and maybe try fellatio. You might find that the male sex organ contains less fattening substances than our signature Big Mac. HEY FUCKNUTS YOU GONNA ORDER SOMETHING OR WHAT? NO NO NO NOT THE FRIES YOU FAT FUCK TRY A SALAD! MAYBE LAY OF THE MEAT TOO BITCH! YOU GOTTA BE WHAT? 4000 POUNDS? WTF? GET OUT OF HERE AND GO BLOW A GUY. I'M SURE YOU COULD SURVIVE ON A CUM-ONLY DIET FOR A WHILE. WAY BETTER FOR YOU THAN OUR SHITTY BIG MAC. Uhhh... can you order something already please? I mean, you've put on a bit of weight lately, maybe you should get a salad instead of what you usually get. Look at the scale, it's 4000 pounds dude. Not exactly healthy. Maybe you could try sucking dick. Semen is an excellent source of protein, and it's not nearly as fattening as the crap they serve here. wtf bro order something preferably something healthy cuz you weigh 4000 pounds try sucking dick instead hello welcome to mcdonalds you are very very fat should i replace your french fries order with a salad maybe your extra greasy hamburger with a fat free veggie burger according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting now go be a fatass and suck a dick its less fattening than a big mac hello fat cunt welcome to mcdiarrhea you are one obese motherfucker should i replace your shit ass garbage with something fucking healthy maybe your shit sandwich with something that won't give you a goddamn heart attack at 40 according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting you goddamn landwhale now go be a fat cunt and suck a fucking dick its less motherfucking fattening than a fucking big mac Greetings, my good sir. I must welcome you to this most elegant of high-class restaurants which is known by the name of McDonald's. However, you are quite overweight, and you have ordered a dish that is fairly unhealthy. Might I suggest substituting the potato-based side dish with a healthier salad? How about instead of a hamburger, I shall serve you a meat-free substitute made from vegetables, tofu, or another cruelty-free substance? The device we have provided to measure your weight dictates it to be 1814.369 kilograms! Absolutely ghastly! Please vacate the premises of our fine establishment, continue your hedonistic lifestyle, and maybe try fellatio. You might find that the male sex organ contains less fattening substances than our signature Big Mac. HEY FUCKNUTS YOU GONNA ORDER SOMETHING OR WHAT? NO NO NO NOT THE FRIES YOU FAT FUCK TRY A SALAD! MAYBE LAY OF THE MEAT TOO BITCH! YOU GOTTA BE WHAT? 4000 POUNDS? WTF? GET OUT OF HERE AND GO BLOW A GUY. I'M SURE YOU COULD SURVIVE ON A CUM-ONLY DIET FOR A WHILE. WAY BETTER FOR YOU THAN OUR SHITTY BIG MAC. Uhhh... can you order something already please? I mean, you've put on a bit of weight lately, maybe you should get a salad instead of what you usually get. Look at the scale, it's 4000 pounds dude. Not exactly healthy. Maybe you could try sucking dick. Semen is an excellent source of protein, and it's not nearly as fattening as the crap they serve here. wtf bro order something preferably something healthy cuz you weigh 4000 pounds try sucking dick instead hello welcome to mcdonalds you are very very fat should i replace your french fries order with a salad maybe your extra greasy hamburger with a fat free veggie burger according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting now go be a fatass and suck a dick its less fattening than a big mac hello fat cunt welcome to mcdiarrhea you are one obese motherfucker should i replace your shit ass garbage with something fucking healthy maybe your shit sandwich with something that won't give you a goddamn heart attack at 40 according to the scale you weigh 4000 pounds thats disgusting you goddamn landwhale now go be a fat cunt and suck a fucking dick its less motherfucking fattening than a fucking big mac Greetings, my good sir. I must welcome you to this most elegant of high-class restaurants which is known by the name of McDonald's. However, you are quite overweight, and you have ordered a dish that is fairly unhealthy. Might I suggest substituting the potato-based side dish with a healthier salad? How about instead of a hamburger, I shall serve you a meat-free substitute made from vegetables, tofu, or another cruelty-free substance? The device we have provided to measure your weight dictates it to be 1814.369 kilograms! Absolutely ghastly! Please vacate the premises of our fine establishment, continue your hedonistic lifestyle, and maybe try fellatio. You might find that the male sex organ contains less fattening substances than our signature Big Mac. HEY FUCKNUTS YOU GONNA ORDER SOMETHING OR WHAT? NO NO NO NOT THE FRIES YOU FAT FUCK TRY A SALAD! MAYBE LAY OF THE MEAT TOO BITCH! YOU GOTTA BE WHAT? 4000 POUNDS? WTF? GET OUT OF HERE AND GO BLOW A GUY. I'M SURE YOU COULD SURVIVE ON A CUM-ONLY DIET FOR A WHILE. WAY BETTER FOR YOU THAN OUR SHITTY BIG MAC. Uhhh... can you order something already please? I mean, you've put on a bit of weight lately, maybe you should get a salad instead of what you usually get. Look at the scale, it's 4000 pounds dude. Not exactly healthy. Maybe you could try sucking dick. Semen is an excellent source of protein, and it's not nearly asREMOVE SWASTIKA remove swastika you are worst nazi. you are the nazi idiot you are the nazi smell. return to hell. to our nazi cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the gas chamber….ahahahaha ,hitler we will never forgeve you. fascist rascal FUck but fuck asshole nazi stink hitler gestapo ghetsapo..battle of berlin best day of my life. take a bath of dead nazi..ahahahahahHITLER WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget ww2 .italy we kill the duce , fascist return to your precious hell….hahahahaha idiot nazi and fascist smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE SWASTIKA FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. russia+usa+britain+france+canada+australia+new zealand=kill nazi…you will ww2/ hitler dead in the ground, hitler burning in hell . hitler burn in hell. we are free and have democracy now hahahaha ha because of grandparents… you are ppoor stink nazi… you live in a trailer park hahahaha, you live in a dump hitler dead burning in hell ….fuck the alt right ,..FUCKk ashol nazis no good i spit﻿ in the mouth eye of ur flag and ideology. hitler ded and real week pusy kill himself and his dog with cowardice now you the nazi burn in hell .angry moustache model adofl hilter fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and nazis wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn go bak to hell we will crush u lik a skull of pig. nazis worsttt pepoelfattening as the crap they serve here. wtf bro order something preferably something healthy cuz you weigh 4000 pounds try sucking dick insteadThanos is such a fucking cuck. His platform only calls for killing HALF of all life in the universe. We need a REAL LEADER who truly has our best interests at heart. We need someone who won't kowtow to leftist liberal bullshit and WIPE OUT ALL LIFE THROUGHOUT THE UNIVERSE. HEAT DEATH 2020!!! Make Everything Dead AgainAaAaaAaaaAaaaaAaaaaaAaaaaaaAaaaaaaaAaAaAafuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckSir, for the last time, the Szechuan Sauce promotion was for a limited time only. If you like, I can jerk off into one of those paper ketchup things and give it to you you fat fucking PATHETIC BARELY SENTIENT TUB OF GODDAMN MOTHERFUCKING LARD BITCH! NO I WILL NOT SELL YOU A BIG MAC I WILL ONLY SELL YOU SALAD WITH MY CUM AS FUCKING DRESSING THE SCALE SAYS YOU WEIGH 4000 POUNDS NOW GO BE A FATASS AND SUCK A DICK ITS LESS FATTENING THAN A BIG MAC.fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck hello welcome to mcdonalds i stuck my dick in a bun now suck it bitch mother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother fuckermother](https://i.redd.it/xhn6n1j11ng41.png)