So my friend sent out this tweet telling us all that he's having a video game party at his house and to bring your own controller, so I just took my Ouya controller. I expected we'd be playing some first-person shooters like Portal 2, which is probably one of the worst first-person shooters because the guns are terrible. So I took my controller there. I expected that we'd be playing something on the Ouya, but no. When I got there, he pulled out this Wii 2 thing with this stupid iPad controller with a pen. And he turned on the console and we were playing this stupid game known as Super Crash Buddies. The first thought is; why did Nintendo make this stupid game? It probably took them five minutes of code. All they did was threw every Nintendo character into one game. It was just a lazy attempt at one of their baby games that they make. So, we were playing this game and I was like: "Why are we playing this? Is this a joke? We're adults here, why are we playing this baby game?" And they all got mad at me like: "Woah, this game's awesome." And it's just obvious that these people don't understand that nostalgia is just tagging at their heart, that this game is stupid. So I just left. I didn't want to be hanging out with these little babies. It's kind of like hanging out with somebody who likes My Little Pony; it's just really weird. So I left, and I was just thinking like; why are all these German companies making these stupid baby games and how are they still around? There's these stupid German companies like Nintendo and Sony really don't understand the market anymore and that we are adults now. So I think they're gonna fail. I don't think Nintendo is going to be around much longer. They're already running out of money. They only sold like 200 or 300 Wii 2 consoles, and they're very expensive with the iPad controller that they charge extra for. So I just think that the Wii U company should watch their backs, because the Ouya is a much more powerful console that is made for us adults who like to play the first-person shooters. So, yeah. My opinion's always right. I really think Nintendo needs to watch this video and realize that we aren't babies anymore and that the Ouya is right about to take over the nation. The Ouya has more power than the Wii U and even the Xbox One combined. So, they need to watch their backs. The Ouya has the biggest game collection of all, and it's definitely the best console out.