 Year 257,834 of No Fap: My brain has grown to gargantuan size and is now about the size of a bowling ball.I am now able to see into the future where I will rule over all of humanity as a deity. My cognitive capacity has eclipsed that of Albert Einstein by one hundred million megafaggots. However, due to the fact that my brain is still growing, my muscle tissue is rapidly deteriorating as my muscle tissues are transforming into brain cells to support my immense intelligence and as a result, I will soon be reduced to a vegetative state where I will be able to warp space time through my new knowledge of quantum physics. My knowledge of astrophysics has rocketed one million years ahead of anyone on the planet. Through this new knowledge, I unlocked the ability to warp gravity. With this new ability I was able to rip a hole in the space time continuum to create wormholes that I have placed on the edge of the Kuiper belt that lies beyond our solar system. In one of these wormholes I have discovered an alternate universe. In this universe I have discovered an earth in which homosexuals staged a coup d’etat against the international government and have taken over the world. I have studied the peoples for many years and have come to the conclusion that this is what our earth was meant to be. When I return to our earth, I will use my powers and research to create an advanced society of Chads that will become a level five galactic race that will rule over all other beings. You may be asking, what beings shall we rule? Do not fear, I have used my intuition to devise a perfect plan. First i will release a mega nut with the force of two big bangs. And then, with my understanding of the solar nebula theory, a solar system identical to ours will form through the colliding of planetesimal particles to form exoplanets that will resemble the planets in our solar system. I will then accelerate time by warping the time in the universe therefore speeding up the evolution process. I will then travel to the exoplanet version of earth and impregnate the first female with my ultimate hypernut that will travel with the max velocity of five Saturn V rockets, if the female doesn’t die from the sheer force of my hypernut she will give birth to 9 billion mentally retarded beings as I will have manipulated my DNA sequence to contain a quintuple helix structure which will effectively deform their brains. After this process is finished, I will then enslave these new fuckmuffins and with these degenerates, I will end world hunger and war by using them as a food source and as a galactic military. I will then succumb to the immense growth of my brain and use my ultimate brainpower to ascend to the status of a celestial being, and i will become the ultimate supreme leader of the universe and henceforth dubbed the ultimate supreme vegetable leader of the universe.