 Not to burst you're bubble but thom and his droogs are part of a luciferian agenda you have yet to wake up to ; ) Its why they named that 2nd best album they made In rainbows as they worship Lucy and his Bapho met friends.  Its also why they don't write the songs you love yet you will sing them as lullaby's to you're very own children under the pretence this monkey eyed $lut made them.  Ok computer was put out when most people actually didnt have a computer if you can remember.  And if you want to be honest with yourself you will realize this band is/was and always will be part of an agenda to turn the world into gizmo crazed idiots who are controlled by robots.  The reality is we actually already are now that its 20 years on.  Don't worry though if this band is too close to your heart to see it.  They all are apart of the same Agenda from Burt cocaine, to Miley Virus, it was all mind control devised to hijack our minds and morals and debase culture so we forget which hole babies slither out from.  I had a hard time coming to terms with it too.  But just think how much of an impact his had on you.  I listened to this album every day for at least 10 years.  Every single day.  And that was only after getting out of the gutter Nirvana dug for me. Think about what these people really represent and who is in charge of putting them in our hearts minds and living rooms.  The 90s three biggest songs were Creep, Loser and about burning spirits by drug addicted tran knee loving man who sold the world.  You are not hurdling through outer space while you read this ; ). in fact you are not moving at all, let alone at 67 thousand miles an hr, spinning 1000 MPH a direction you can't think of.  Its fake.  Space is a cartoon and Radiosaid is part of the construction.  They are the glossy candy turd you asked for seconds of.  Wake up.  Teach those kids where babies came from.  Teach them the elite flip their kids to invert the natural world.  Teach those kids pink Floyds most famous album also had a rainbow on it, only theirs was being projected through a pyramid and that pyramid is designed to control us.  If inversion wasn't their trick how come the most famous pedophile you can think of walked backwards on the moon famously with a pair of shades on for you to fall in love with??  Its time to wake up Matty B.  Inversion is everything in the cult of Saturn. Its designed to consume you and those kids.  Check out Goyas famous painting Saturn consuming his sons, I dare you.  These folks are all apart of the same pile