My name is Kai. I was born into the Darkdog family,  one of the richest families of the Farlands and was studying arcana from the local wizards. In short, my dreams were as high as ever. But I soon learned all good things come to an end. I was young, younger than I am now. The sixth and last son, I had known freedoms that my brothers could only dream of. While they were off training for battles, playing soldier, and such, I was able to spend my time with my four, older sisters, learning the inner workings of magic with Drezno, the local wizard. Days would go by where I wouldn’t even see my brothers, nevermind mother, and father. I never quite got the hang of it, and soon, I was left behind by my sisters as they produced wild magic at ease: prodigy mages are what mother called them. How would anyone know that they would be of no help when the dragon came. I was eighteen when the mansion where I was living was attacked by the white dragon. The guards had notified us of its looming presence when we first arrived, but my brothers convinced us that it would be of no worry. Yet when it finally found the mansion, they would soon know fear. I knew it was near when the winds swept me off my feet, knocking me onto the leaf-scattered trail. I looked up, only catching a glimpse of white. I ran as fast as I could, following in its wake of splintered trees and frosted leaves. When I arrived in the courtyard, I barely, but clearly saw the fleeting glimpses of my family closing the mansion’s oaken doors. Their eyes were not full of rightful smiting or draconic savagery: only fear. I sprinted across the courtyard and began pounding on the now barricaded doors. ‘Father, Mother! Anyone please!’ Yet there was no answer. I was scratching at the door, my nails were falling off from all the clawing; I knew they were there. I knew. The cool breath on the nape of my neck paralyzed me in my blind rage. I slowly turned around and felt the trails of tears on my cheeks instantly freeze. My scream was choked by tears as I saw it: the white dragon standing on the ramparts by the iron gates. Its icy blue eyes met my, and it swooped across the courtyard in a single swoop. And there it was. The large white dragon staring me down. In the blink of an eye, I was pinned down, large claws piercing into my white flesh. Its breath was cold, harsh. Pinning my torso with one massive claw, it used the other to slice my pants to strips. All I could do was bite my tongue. The back of my legs was now bare, and I could barely feel the trickles of blood streaming down my cold skin. The pressure of my shoulders was momentarily relieved, only for my arms to be violently smashed into the ground. I let out a gasp of air, only to have my lungs scream from the frosted intake. My mind was racing on how I would find my way out of this one; c’mon Kai, you always find a way. But my plan was abruptly stopped by a large presence getting closer from atop me. A stark contrast of heat-- no-- warmth made itself known in the frigid air, and I soon felt the warm hard bulge pressing against me. I was bleeding from the claws and didn’t have the strength to fight back anymore. All I could do was lie there through the excruciating pain. The dragon had now forced my legs above my head and I could do nothing. After a while of being thrust, I felt a gushing warmness fill me. I could feel the dragons cold, heavy breath all over my body. The dragon then soon abandoned me and flew off away from my helpless body. I suddenly felt my lifeless body become completely energized with raw power. My breath became cold and I regained control of my body. After news spread across the country my siblings would no longer talk to me out of disgust. My parents wanted nothing to do with me and I was sent away with a favorable amount of money but with no honor to my name. I mean I had a lot of money, to begin with, but of course, with the luck of someone who got raped by a dragon, I was robbed. After I lost everything, my hatred towards dragons grew evermore stronger. Even after I gained my powers, I resented everything to do with dragons and their kin. For a time, I would feel sick even after hearing people talk about those creatures. After a while, I  began to let go of the past and have been trying to move forward with my life, but even the powers remain as a constant reminder of that day. Through all my hopelessness, I still persist in finding the good in this world, as I believe I have endured the worst.