\- CHAPTER 1. Falling in loveFrom first eye contact to the next morning with the hello, how's your morning? text message. I knew you were going to be the " one " My mother has always spoken of! The one who'd jump into my life, push some buttons on my heart, play some mind games do your switching around and make me fall in love with you. That amazing day on the 27th of June 2018, remember? Just the first sight and glimpse of our eyes was a fire that sparked an amazing future with so many trials and tests. some of these tests I passed, Some tests I failed with flying colors! I guess I should have stayed in school longer huh? I'm sure you agree with hun, either way, the road I've taken to get here with you was quite choppy, some rough ass seas. Not many people would have made it, I'm glad I did... Heart - CHAPTER 2. HAPPY DAYS LONELY NIGHTSAs I'm driving down 41, windows down music playing on my way to you, I can't help but think about the amazing future we may have soon! all the joy running through my mind, It's a rush I can tell you that! It's almost been a month now, I know so damn soon but falling so damn hard! It's easier then you may think it is! The moment I start to pull up to your driveway, My head is rushing I'm experiencing the nervous feeling I first felt when I first met you all over again!! It seems this feeling isn't here for a one night stand, nope it is not.  Huh At the time, and current we were both young and dumb.. Teenagers, We smoked - smoked weed, hell even downed a few shots for the late nights did we care? No, as long as it was us then it was fineDamn the good times! Running around Walmart at one in the morning, you painting my damn fingernails in the store! I'd always act mad... But hey! I loved it to be honest with you. All the goofy-ass jokes, late-night cuddles, and Netflix bench watching all the cheezy ass comedies we loved! Damn... It was a good time.- CHAPTER 3. WRONG TIME 6x6 NIGHTSFUCK! COULD THE PHRASE RIGHT GIRL WRONG TIME BE USED ANY BETTER??? October 8th, A cold-ass day in hell... I'm waking up from 7 missed calls? What the actual fuck could be going on? as anyone would do I call back the number, I was hoping some Indian ass hole would pick the phone up that morning! Oh shit haha, could I have ever been so wrong? A deep voice is all I hear, "Detective Anthony king, Randomville police department how can I help you?" I just shit my self..." uhh uhh hi, I had several missed calls?" " Is this Mr. Ratner? " " Yes... Is everything okay? " " I'm afraid I have to tell you yesterday I had to issue 4 felony warrants for your arrests. " YOUR AFRAID? YOUR AFRAID??? WHAT THE FUCK... HOW ARE YOU THE ONE AFRAID... (24 hours later)   After I come out of my what the fuck comma, I do what any 18-year-old mommas boy would do, I call my damn momma. We have a long talk, About the state laws and so on. We decided it would be best to obtain a legal counselor and fast, so that's what we did. After getting to the office, having a nice long chat he basically told me that I could be facing up to 10 years in prison for a stupid law he doesn't believe in, He told me in this state the Romeo and Juliet law doesn't mean shit. But what he did say was people's morals haven't changed, but at this moment the best plan is to go to the jail with me right now and get this over with turn your self in and we will wait for your trial. My first day wasn't much, Due to my charges I was placed in V block - C pod, Waiting for R-Block to have an open unit in gen pop. So what I mean is that the pod I was in is a PC dorm, lockdown 23 and a half hours a day! Yes, that's right I'm by my fucking self in a small ass cell all day. I got 30 minutes a day to roam, make calls write letters and so on. By the first week, for some reason what I was missing most wasn't family... It was the love of my life, Yes the love that has me sitting in Randomville jail! I'd draw pictures of hearts, write letters to her and notes... Just to give to her when I get out to prove I never ever lost interest. - CHAPTER 4. RATNER! PACK YOUR SHIT!HOLY FUCK WHAT I FEELING! 239 days or so later, I'm packing my shit and leaving! And yes, I'm leaving with some battle wounds and stories. As they pop door 99, I leave with 3 new tattoos A full ass beared! some scars from fighting, I did my fair share of. But anyway let's get back to that fucking buzzing sounds of door 99 BABY!  When I tell you a click followed by an electrical hum was the best day of my life... I mean it. Instead of hearing the THUD and CLUNK of metal, I'm seeing the sunshine, smelling the fresh air...  Do you want to know what did beat it tho? As I'm walking out of these fucking doors I see my mom, and... and My girlfriend's mom! My mom hugged me first, Then my girl's mom comes up to me and hugs me saying how damn sorry she was that she didn't ever think it would be so serious and she overreacted.She asks me to walk to the car with her, So I do. As we approach the car the back door swings the fuck open, It's her... It's my first " Hello how's your morning Text message " It's my fucking love... This story is based on true events, all the charges were dropped after the mother battled with the state DA office for months, working with my lawyer they finally decided what was in the bests interests for both parties. we have no been together for over a year, evrey moment is fucking amazing.