OK, so, there's this scientist Rick, see. He's like, this mad genius, real troubled guy. Drinks a lot. Like a fish! The show is all about how he teleports between dimensions, and invents all this fantastic technology, and he's basically a god in this universe, but he just can't put the bottle down. A real boozer, that's what they call 'em. And he's got this grandson Morty, and - you know, he's not a bad kid. But he's kind of - well, he's pretty timid. He's kind of a pussy actually. And then there's the mom Beth, that's his daughter, you know. And she's got a completely whipped husband, I can't really remember his name, and there's this other girl too, she's a bitch. And so this might surprise you, but the family dynamic isn't all that great. See that's what the show is actually about, it's about how this really intelligent guy continually wrecks the happiness and well-being of the people he supposedly cares the most about. It turns out, you know, when you're a raging alcoholic nihilist, you don't really get along with others all that well. Isn't that the funniest thing? They're all kinda fucked up, cause this guy just can't get his act together. Also I guess when you're a degenerate drinker like Rick, well, you don't raise your children well. It's this thing about "intergenerational trauma" I think that's what they call it. So he's a fuck up his whole life, a genius fuck up, but still just not a great dad, and his daughter passes these traumas down to her own children in these coded, obscure ways. And the same dysfunctional dynamic also leads her to be attracted to a spouse that has no backbone, no spine, kinda guy whose total lack of leadership lets the family structure fall apart. No father figure for Beth leads to none for her family, like a mirror for her own warped upbringing, as if subconsciously she is constantly grappling with her own troubled past while simultaneously trying as hard as possible to never acknowlege it, but these patterns, well, they just keep happening no matter what we do. The human condition. Kinda poetic isn't it? That kind of environment's no way to raise children. Plus the aliens and intergalactic horrors and chaotic teleportation all the time, you know, that all probably doesn't help either. And anyway, Rick doesn't wanna take responsibility for all this and the negativity, you know, that he's bringing to his family. It's kind of this running theme in the show, where the episode always starts with Rick getting everyone into trouble, and then through a screwball chain of events, everything is resolved for the time being, but not in any really substantial, long-lasting way. So there's a breaking point, I guess, the mom - that's his daughter - she schedules a family therapy, you know? They're all gonna sit down and talk about their problems, I guess that's what you do in therapy. Cause something's gotta give! So they're all getting ready to go to this therapy session, and then the grandson, he hears his grandpa calling his name, that's Rick you know. From the garage. And he goes into the garage and - you'll never guess it, Conan. This scientist - this genius who can do whatever he wants basically - has turned himself into a pickle. A pickle! You know, like when you put a cucumber in brine or something, I don't know how it works, the sandwich thing. Man, that's the funniest shit I've ever seen. It's funny, because you wouldn't expect this super talented, super smart guy to turn himself into, basically an inanimate object. Or you'd think he's figure out a more - like, a more practical way to get out of this therapy thing, right? You'd think, well, this guy is literally the most intelligent being in his universe, that's how it actually is in the show. Could build a time machine to somehow erase the therapist from existence. Could erase the entire notion of "therapy" from existence. Maybe even just alter reality to constantly reschedule the appointment, so the family is permanently trapped in this "Waiting For Godot" reality where the crucial moment is always put off another week, another week at a time. And yet Rick chooses to turn himself into a pickled vegetable instead. I don't get it. Real funny though.