thats cool but its Not funny I didn't laugh.  Your joke is so bad I would have preferred the joke went over my head  and you gave up re-telling me the joke. To be honest this is a horrid  attempt at trying to get a laugh out of me. Not a chuckle, not a hehe,  not even a subtle burst of air out of my esophagus. Science says before  you laugh your brain preps your face muscles but I didn't even feel the  slightest twitch. 0/10 this joke is so bad I cannot believe anyone  legally allowed you to be creative at all. The amount of brain power you  must have put into that joke has the potential to power every house on  Earth. Get a personality and learn how to make jokes, read a book. I'm  not saying this to be funny I genuinely mean it on how this is just  bottom barrel embarrassment at comedy. You've single handedly killed  humor and every comedic act on the planet. I'm so disappointed that  society has failed as a whole in being able to teach you how to be  funny. Honestly if I put in all my power and time to try and make your  joke funny it would require Einstein himself to build a device to strap  me into so I can be connected to the energy of a billion stars to do it,  and even then all that joke would get from people is a subtle scuff.  You're lucky I still have the slightest of empathy for you after telling  that joke otherwise I would have committed every war crime in the book  just to prevent you from attempting any humor ever again. We should put  that joke in text books so future generations can be wary of becoming  such an absolute comedic failure. Im disappointed, hurt, and outright  offended that my precious time has been wasted in my brain understanding  that joke. In the time that took I was planning on helping kids who  have been orphaned, but because of that you've waisted my time  explaining the obscene integrity of your terrible attempt at comedy. Now  those kids are suffering without meals and there's nobody to blame but  you. I hope you're happy with what you have done and I truly hope you  can move on and learn from this piss poor attempt