Hello internet and welcome to Behind The Meme where we take a look at the origin and meaning of your favorite memes. Today we'll have a trollface. Anybody who has spent any amount of time on the internet eventually comes across trollface. The crudely drawn face that has a smirk that makes you want to punch your COMPUTER SCREEN. Look at that face oh my god he's such a smug bastard. As I was saying, trollface was created in september of 2008 by an artist by the name of Carlos Ramirez from a  Microsoft paint webcomic he posted to his deviantart account. In the post that Ramirez initially posted his comic, he later revealed that troll face was an attempt to draw another character known as rape rodent. My god look at that sick bastard his name truly fits that face. Somebody who was just raped or is about to be raped around this guy. Everybody cover your buttholes. In the months following, the initial post of the first trollface comic begun to gain popularity on 4chan as a universal representation of internet trolls everywhere. Throughout 2009 the trollface spreaded throughout the internet, it became very popular amongst webcomic creators further propelling its popularity. Around this time its meme status was also being created, its use was so widespread that it just eventually became a part of internet culture. When people saw this now recognizable face it was known that somebody was getting trolled, and more than likely, the person doing the trolling was loving every second of it like the face would imply. Of course with such widespread popularity of anything, people seek an opportunity to make a quick dollar. Such was the case with trollface. On July 16th 2011 a screenshot of an email, apparently from the trollface creator Carlos Ramirez, was posted to reddit. In the email Ramirez claimed that one of the subreddits was often using his character without permission which infringes on his copyright. He requested for the subreddit to be closed and immediately taken down. After the email was posted to reddit, and Carlos no doubt received hate from the situation, a user claiming to be him left a comment that stated: “You know what makes me happy? Telling reddit and seeing a shitstorm like this develop” So it would appear that trollface’s creator is not far off from trollface himself, like father like son. In march of 2015 a game called meme run, which heavily used various memes images as part of the game including trollface, was taken down from the Wii U virtual shop. The copyright holder who issued the takedown was none other than our buddy Carlos. I guess this time he wasn't trolling. He was later interviewed about the situation and was quoted as saying “If they're not making any significant money on it, it's like, eh, not a big deal. If you're publishing a game on a major platform and its using my image, it's kind of hard to ignore” I got to admit, the guy makes a point, especially when you consider troll face has been estimated to have made Carlos more than a hundred thousand dollars since he registered its trademark back in 2010. That's a lot of money, a hundred thousand dollars. But hey, that's the internet for you, and on the internet, memes are king. Thank you all so much for watching, make sure to subscribe so you can watch the next video and stay up to date on all your favorite memes. I'll see you guys on the next one. Oh but before you go, I wanted to show you this picture of hot boobs I found online, they're totally worth the wait trust me, let me put them up on the screen right now. Mad bro? You mad bruh?