Can all ready taste the downvotes with this one. Nevertheless, anytime I see a woman walking outside, no man in sight to put the fucking bitch on a leash, I rage. Whenever one tries to talk to me spouting bullshit like "Hello" and "How was your day?", with me not even asking to be in her presence, I rage. I remember on my way to work today I was walking on the street and one fucking slut dared to look me in my fucking EYES! The complete and utter audacity and lack of respect for a higher life form had me frankly appalled. This shit has gone on for far too long. Women were made to serve us elite gamers, but now we bow down to them and lick the salty discharge from their pussies. This isn't an overreaction. This isn't a mild complaint. This isn't even just a petty "Unpopular opinion" as the title misleadingly states. This is a fucking CALL TO ARMS. All gamers should, nay, MUST, ascertain dominance over our lesser halves. Women don't deserve human rights, no. They don't even deserve the oxygen they breathe or the land they step on. These WHORES deserve nothing, but in our 2020, "wOke" culture, they've grabbed us by the fucking balls. It's embarrassing really; The fall from grace gamers have had. Not even 100 years ago we had our bitches under control, couldn't speak without permission, never left the house, and gave us sex whenever we fucking wanted. Now, look at us. Simping for even a glance in our direction, dropping hundreds of dollars on "onlyfans" and "private snapchats". Don't you fucking get it? We've let the table turn. We've let the pussy power us. We've let the inferior become the superior and NOBODY FUCKING CARES! I felt this exact same way the Civil rights Act was passed, and now, as we can all see for ourselves, History is repeating itself. First, it was blacks, now women, what's next, fucking aliens? I feel like I'm losing my fucking mind here because every time I mention this in public I get threatened with mental hospitals and asylums and all that fucking bullshit. The only place where people actually see society for what it is here. This subreddit has become a bastion for knowledge, a haven of truth, and a refuge for the damned. I wrote this as a way to express my feeling about the current injustices in the world. Fuck those starving kids in Africa. Fuck the coronavirus. Fuck Australia and any other bullshit the media blats up our fucking assholes, talking about "global crisis", no, FUCK THAT. You know whats a global crisis? Me walking down the fucking street and seeing Becky and her friends laughing and texting on their phones. You know whats a global crisis? When Veronica DARES to ask me to watch her spawn. YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT A FUCKING GLOBAL CRISIS IS? THE FACT THAT WE, AS GAMERS, HAVE ALLOWED WOMEN TO HAVE FULL AUTONOMY OUTSIDE THEIR HUSBANDS, AND LET THEM RUN RAMPANT, UNABASHED IN OUR UTOPIA, DESTROYING EVERY SEMBELENCE OF ORDER AND STRUCTURE WE HAVE IN OUR SOCIETY. This, my friends, is the greatest injustice in the history of the universe. All 200,000 years of modern human evolution, all leading down to me having to "ask" for sex. Let me tell you something. Did Julius Ceaser have to "ask" when he took Gaul? Did Alexander the Great have to "ask" when he conquered Persia? Did Hitler have to "ask " his fucking bitch to take back the Rhineland for Deutschland? NEIN! They all took want they wanted because they were Alpha. They were real men. They were true gamers, and you could see it in their actions. These three have paved the way for men of our time to step up and take their place as alpha gamers. And yet here we are. With blacks running around the streets and women dangling sex above our heads like the sword of Damocles.  I don't know about Y'all, but I know I'm just like Hitler, a true gamer through and through. I'm alpha. I take what I want and when I want, and however the fuck I want to. I think we're overdue for a revolution. A revolution to take back what we lost a long time ago. Dominance. A revolution to turn boys into men, and men into gamers. A revolution to show all those bitches who the fuck their masters are. Brothers, I ask you, no, IMPLORE YOU, to help me start this revolution. Help me bring back dominance to our society, and to put things back to how they should be, us Gamers living like kings, and those harlots begging to suck our fucking cocks. WAKE OF GAMERS! This isn't how the fucking world should be. We have to RISE UP and take what we dropped. OUR DOMINANCE, OUR DIGNITY, AND OUR SELF RESPECT. I HAVE DOMINANCE. I HAVE DIGNITY. AND I CERTANITELY HAVE SOME FUCKING SELF RESPECT FOR MYSELF. AND I'M NOT GONNA SIT HERE AND LET SOME STUPID SLUT TALK TO ME, AND LOOK ME IN THE EYE LIKE I'M A FUCKING NOBODY. I know what's up, I know how to fix it, and I'm taking some fucking action to bring order into a world of chaos. I know I'm a hero. That's not what I'm here for. The question is, will YOU step up to the plate, and make some fucking positive change in this world? Or will sit down and relegate yourself to jerking off to a bitch who makes 5x as much as you do for selling her pussy to other sad men, watching the gamer race dwindle into fucking beta males and simps who will never touch a real vagina in their lives? I know what my answer is. But do you?