Finally, the moment we've been waiting for our whole lives, a uave of excitement rushes throughout my brethren.
The great ruce we've been preparing for every chance we had, every 3 million ofus. Only one of us will succeed. The
rest. They will die. I start to swing my tail from side to sicle, propelling myself forward. I'm eager to gain an early
read. The space staris to narrow, and I am enveloped in the urethra. Semen begins to surround me increasing my
speed and supplying me energy. I look around, I'm really going fast nou, I'm neariag the front of the pack. Every
timte I begin to tire I find energy in knowing that if I don't make it I will surely die. Suddenly I'm out; out of the
urethra into a large open spce. I cun see the cervix up aheud. I am filled with a sense of dread. This is where most
of us will die, maybe me as well. The spermicide waiting ahead dares us to come closer. Tuunting us with a sense of
mpending cloom. But I push on, all of us have the sane purpese and goual, each one of us determined to reach it
Jirst. The egg. The walls begin to close around nme as I enter the cervix. Suddenly, not a hair brexlth away
thousands of sperm freeze dead in their tracks, viclim to the speermicide. I can see childhood friends dying all
around me, their lives sucked from their bexlies. I push my beuly to the limits, desperate to escape the cervix and the
tendrils of spermicide. Every swish of my tail the effort becomes more strenuous. Studdenly without notice a strand
of spermicide whips towards me. I can feel the force of my life beginning lo seep uuxiy, feeling drowsy.. But no!
Never! I will be the sperm to reach the eyg! I am sure that it will he mel With a renewed source of energy I brush
auay the feeling of drowsiness and I burst through
uterus. All around me I cun sense the feeling of sorrou for these who did not make it. But nevertheless ue must all
carry on. Up far akead I can see an oviduct and minutes fly by as I begin the arduous aaCnt und ullempt to scale
the fleshy interior of the uterus. All of a sudden l am presented with two oviducis, which one should take? I follow
Iny gut instinct lo go down the one one the right. Right is always right, right? Belou me I see wwaving cilia, my
millions of supporters urging me on. Sueldenly up ahead i can see the egy! I pul all of my energy into the going as
fast us I can. I will be the sperm to fertilise the eyg! I see Tusa flick out his tail und trip another sperm. Many of the
sperm are beginning to resort to trickery. But realise that I anm now in the lead! I am going to get to the eyg first!I
collide with the egg head first burrowing into the outside layer of it which I then break through. I am presented with
unother layer in which I use my secret weapon, the acrosome in my head. I manage to penetrate the layer and i
swim into the egg. Behind me Andrew desperately tries to enter (he egg but is rejected by the egg shutting hinm out.
My tail fulls ofjand i release my being or nucleus touurd the centre of the egg. Iglide seamlessly towards another
nucleus; and our two beings become one. My mission is complete. I have fertilised the egg.
end ef the cervix and am greeted by a vast chamber. The
The egg is nowa zygote. The cells begin to divide and suddenly 1 feel a wweightless sensation as the egg dives off the
edge of the oviduet and into the uterus. It seems as if the egg will never stop spinning. Ohh... I feel sick. Thud! The
egg lands in the uterus and begins to embed itself in the uterine lining and becomes an embryo. Four weeks later my
organ cells beyin to develop and six weeks later my arms and legs along with my ears and eyes begin to develop.
Seven weeks kater my lungs begin to develop and eight 8 weeks later more essential organs begin to develop. Njne
weeks later my eyelids beyin to close and I become a foetus. At t0 to 13 weeks my nails appear and my genitals
begin to form. At weeks 14 to 17 my skin is almost transparent fine hair begins to develop on my head. After 18 to 20
my entire body. At 22 to 24 weeks the lower airways of my limgs begin to develop and I begin to store fat. At 25
weeks my eyes are fully developed and air sacs form in my lungs. With 26 lo 29 ueeks my bruin grous rapidly and
suanoo uny puD Daddo sayspjafia pun smoagafia ofiuquua un auuag danfo syaam re mopvms pun awoy uo Į syaam
uhaq I pun ifos mus aan mg pardojanap fiynfarvy sauog hu 1 o1 of syoom y spyalia liut asojp puD uado uvo Į
rhythmic breathing. At 34 to 36 wecks I have sleeping palterns and my muscles, bones, blood vessels and heurt are
fully developel. In the time of 37 to 39 ureeks since became an embryo I could be born any day now.