Do not talk to me like that you little shit. I’ll have you know I am a veteran roblox player. I have tussled and have had online sex with countless robloxians. I fought in the great roblox wars of 2011 - 2013. I busted numerous free robux scams, outsmarted many hackers and exploiters, and made my way up the ranks of Hilton hotels to become an admin. I have designed countless of today’s iconic hats and clothing, and I own the golden Dominus extremus. I have been awarded countless badges and bloxy’s awards, and I have over 4,000,000 robux in my account. Back in the days of tix (something you’re too noob and mainstream to know about) I was gaining hundred of thousands of tix a month, from my myriad of successful games. I helped design and develop games such as doomspire, pokemon brick bronze, and adopt and raise a cute kid. I even met and had dinner with the ceo of roblox, David Baszucki. I even fucked his wife, and he was cool with it. I own a hefty 1/3 of the roblox company, and have 15 properties and estates all around the globe, from a special vip room in the White House, to a, exotic resort in the bahamas. I even have total power over the government of the republic of Zambia. I have crippled the roblox economy because of the sheer amount of roblox I gain. I gain revenue from games like Meepcity, adopt me, Royale high, and piggy. I have over 17,000 hours of gameplay, and i am rank 1200 in phantom forces. I have the best gaming setup, the best gaming chair, and a monitor which probably costs more than the combined salary of your household. I have a grand mansion, and I host killer parties every night, but you are not invited because you’re too poor and noob. I own McDonald’s, amazon and apple. Ronald McDonald even sucked my dick because I was so grand. Did you know that Jeff Bezos’ divorced wife, MacKenzie Scott Bezos, actually left Jeff because I showed up to their family dinner and started fucking Mackenzie in the dinner table whilst their children were watching. Jeff wasn’t even mad that I did that. I have hundreds of wives from all over the world, some even underage, but telling the cops won’t matter, because I own and can control the law enforcement. I bet your crush just said ‘ew’ when you told her your feelings. I will come to your school, and fuck your crush right there and then, because you are so pathetic. What’s that? You just started playing roblox 6 months ago, and you are now calling me a noob. Shut up and get in my level before I call in an air strike on your mom’s pussy.