I am struggling to not be FURIOUS with myself (F37) and my son (M15). I have a toddler and am Scheduled to be induced on Tuesday with another baby. We’ve stayed home, talked extensively about hygiene, the risk, what’s happening, all this. We don’t have clean drinking water where we live so we must buy it in 5 gallon bottles. I can’t lift them, and my husband works nights shifts, so I had my son come to get water with me today. I didn’t want to go, but had one face mask for myself, told my son limit touching things, be careful, etc. As we are finishing at the store I remember my husband asked me to please get one item inside if I went, so this was my only trip out for us. I send my son to get it, and said just use the self checkout quick bc I’m feeling like my water could break any minute. He goes, I look up to see how he’s doing just in time to watch him tap the touch screen on the self checkout, then PUT HIS F-NG FINGER IN HIS MOUTH!!! IN HIS MOUTH?!?! We are in an area with plenty of confirmed cases, the store (WalMart) is PACKED, and only about 5,000 people going through the self checkout DAILY - all touching that DAMN SCREEN. My heart stopped - it was all I could do to not HIT THIS KID!! I am so upset — WHY DID I TAKE THIS FOOL TO THE STORE?!?! And before you ask, no he’s not mentally challenged, he just acts like it sometimes, and I am scared to death now!! I’m having a brand new baby in a few days, I’m immunocompromised being pregnant as it is, the hospital here is SLAMMED full of patients, we ALMOST made it out the door untouched, and he does this?!?!! So we basically HAVE it now, am I right? I mean the odds of us all contracting it now are pretty much certain I would imagine!! I want to cry. I have been crying, a lot. I don’t know what to do. I can’t quarantine him in our home bc of the way it’s laid out. I don’t know what to do now. I feel like we just received a guarantee of illness and possible death. What will I do with my new baby?? This is the most scared I’ve been - Seriously what do I do??