So, I work at an animal hospital and we are partially owed by a corporation. Two of our doctors were in Mexico on vacation and came back two weeks ago this Saturday. The following Monday and Tuesday after they got back, both came into the building to work all day. That Monday night, both of their significant others also came into the building, and they were both coughing and feeling crappy (one of them flew from Europe directly to Mexico). The one who had been to Europe got tested over a week ago, but the results apparently haven't come back. Those two doctors are coming back to work this Saturday, but it technically hasn't been two weeks that they've been out of the building. Plus the one doctor has been in and out of the building the past almost two weeks. I expressed to one of the higher ups that I was uncomfortable with the idea of them coming back before the test results came back, and corporate pretty much said if it is positive, it doesn't matter because they were "quarantined" for two weeks. But if it is positive, we've all been exposed and have been exposing all of our clients and family. I was told that if I feel uncomfortable, then I didn't have to come in, but a week ago when I called to say my grandfather had just died and I wouldn't be in the next day, I was told to find people to cover my shift. So I don't feel like they would be very understanding and helpful if I didn't come to work. We're still seeing many appointments, just not allowing clients to come in so the vet techs need to go out to people's cars and get the pets. We're still doing surgery, but we were doing only necessary surgeries. Starting Monday though, the doctor who was "quarantined" but kept coming in has multiple surgeries that are not essential for the pets life. One is a mass removal, so thats the only one I can see being okay, but the others are definitely not necessary to do right now during this pandemic. I feel like we're wasting supplies and are just being very irresponsible right now. I'm just not sure what to do, but pretty much all of my coworkers are concerned and upset with how things are being handled.