I don't know if this belongs here or if this is breaking any rules. Please let me know and I will take it down immediately. My middle-aged GF is a hell of a flirt, and it really doesn't matter if they're younger or older than her. And she is absolutely sexy as hell and I'm so proud of her. I really enjoy watching her flirt hard with her son's friends when they come over. She'll say something funny and overtly sexual to one of her son's friends while her son is out of the room. I'll pretend I'm completely engrossed in whatever book I'm reading but always peek over the pages to watch him squirm. She'll sneak in a wink to me when she knows he won't notice. She openly talks about masturbation with his friends. She'll tell him it's natural and that there's no need to worry about it causing blindness. She'll often say that if it were true, her boyfriend, (me), would have gone blind long ago. I hear them laugh and I fight like hell to stifle my own. She'll talk about which vibrator is her favorite and why. And she'll often suggest to a young man that if he isn't already banging someone regularly, that he should remember to be comfortable with whatever lucky girl he ends up with pleasuring herself at times too. She said sometimes watching is just as fun as anything else. I sometimes hear her tell the boys that her boyfriend loves watching her get herself off and that she loves watching me and making me cum from watching her. I'm sure statements like that give a very detailed visual to them of their friend's hot mom spread eagle on the bed showing off. Sometimes she'll make it seem like it's completely natural to suddenly bring up the topic of self-scaping and manicuring. She has the most beautiful little landing strip that stops short of her bare vulva. A kid will be bold and tell her he likes her hair. And she'll sometimes say something like the carpet doesn't match the drapes because it's just hardwood with a little bitty welcoming mat. And I know his friends are crazy about her. When she's gone to the store, I've seen and heard the boys giving her son a hard but good-natured ribbing about how they'd like to have their way with his mom. I'll hear them roughhousing down the hall and I've seen one of his friends running down the hall being chased by him, and the friend trying to time his phone camera to snap a pic of one of her tasteful boudoirs shots (in tiny panties) that's up on the hall wall. And she told me about the time she seduced an attractive young man half her age and had several encounters with him. This was before we met. I envy the young man. I envy all you guys that have been lucky enough to experience something like that. That's what brought me to this page in the first place. Older women were always a fantasy to me, but I never actually pursued any.  I'm envious and happy for both parties and quite frankly live a little bit vicariously through you young men. Enjoy!