I think I realy got some relief seeing that I am not the only one who is compulsiveley  chewig the half-baked news etc. As if it would be possible to be "clever" ever. Good practice of First  Step (from the r/12steps) : "I am powerless over ...whatever".But I volunteered in a Senior Home to do a press summary on innovative practices. I also do see that all Senior homes have many people who cannot use the net. And they cannot evn visit the neighbour. First i though drones would  be able to help. But only one lady has a grandson who has got a drone - and the legal cadre (Chicago Protocol on airspace security and privacy ) opposes us to send the food or medicine to higher flats. (They will fight about it but it will last months.) So we have a regular Card Quiz.  Names of FAmous Ancestral Heoes on the Cards- so the Points depend on historical info - he players have a list of the relationships of the people. (Like NApoleon: according to gossip the son of Napoleon from his Habsburg wife was really  Kaiser Franz Joseph (now I do not recall the details).  The main thing in CArd Games is that you must be one of  the two or four Players. But how if we have no FB or drone cameras? he solution is simple. I have 4 clients - I give their numbers to my friends or relatives I can reach easily on skype - so I can read them the Relationships and Points if they tell the Friend n Phone the CArd they just did pull (randomly). And of course I do call them one-on-one during he week. But Ithought it would be fun (and less tiring) if all four would b "presnt" on skype through someone able to help them by phone. I am doing it with a Lady of 84 who has had great insights in the last years as we developed the CArds. Then my daughter will get another LAdy (of 90) who alwas says at he Club "I am curious I am interested in evyrethig.." and hen we have  two men (75 and 90) the second one is an accomplished Astrologist so we may include the bith dates of the Kings on the  List. (If anyone wants to fllow my and volunteer with my group or to create one indeendently it is okay it is free and I can pm the List of CArds. It is called Mannheim-Memory CArds as they were first used by Karl MAnnheim in the 1920s and his disciples then used them in the think tank RAND to do conflict management in win-win setups   by rehearsing negotiations in psychodramatic settings., BTW it was called traditionally a War  GAme.