Quick thought, corruption is very common in autocratic states. A very common form of corruption is the appropriation of government property for private sale. In Wuhan, a lab with government owned exotic animal property was located in close proximity to a market where the right exotic animals could fetch a hansom profit for sale. Imagine that a local Wuhan police thug, with minimal education or intelligence but a party member who nobody can say no to unless they want to disappear, was looking for a little extra cash to entertain his mistress. Perhaps he knows a janitor at the Wuhan Virology Lab who has been in trouble with him a few times and he knows he can squeeze him, and he has an uncle who works at the wet market who can get a good price for certain species of bats or other animals at the lab. So he makes it very clear to the janitor that he needs a favor and it isn't a request. Maybe they think they are taking healthy animals, extras, ones that were out to be destroyed in the morning anyway, or ones that are already recently dead and so they think any virus would be dead too. If the lab notices a few missing and needs to investigate, he will be the one investigating and it will we go nowhere. Maybe they think any tests done on the animals don't matter because people are supposed to cook the meat and handle it carefully and besides animal viruses spreading to humans is unlikely. But most importantly, the party member cops mistress needs a gift for her birthday and germophobe is going to screw up his smart plan. So the party member cop has the janitor lift a few bats, his uncle sells them at the market, and it turns out those bats were part of the wrong experiment in strains of potential concern. It certainly would explain how the local police moved quickly to sterilize the wet market and shut out investigators and obscure the nature of the virus. It would explain the highly unlikely circumstances when the whistle blower doctor in his 30's suddenly got very sick and passed away after defying local authorities and being arrested by them. Instead of two explanations competing, with the market and lab being so close together, maybe its that they were close together that caused the problem. Heck maybe a party member who owns the wet market pulled a few strings to get the lab built next door just to supply himself with animals on the governments dime he could embezzle and sell, order twice what you need and make my delivery every week or I will come get what was missed. It may be impossible to prove any of it, but its just a thought and I had not heard the two theories combined before.