22 year old male in michigan who has asthma. last tuesday the same night that they announced the first 2 positive cases of corona virus in my state i started feeling a bit off. That night before bed i started getting the chills. The next few days up until probably sunday was mild chills. A small headache like twice. A little fatigue and faster heart rate with some stomach fussiness. Not really crazy diarrhea but like a mildly upset stomach. Over the past weekend my chills reduced. Headaches gone and a tiny tingle in my throat that went away after a day, but i started getting tender muscles, Not super sore but a bit around my back and shoulders mostly and a tightness in my chest that made it slightly harder to breathe for 2 1/2 days. But i lost some of that fatigue and gained more energy. These past couple days my chest tightness went away almost entirely and i just have slight fatigue, fast-ish heart rate and sore muscles with the occasional stomach rumble being a little bit upset, havent really had much of a cough and so far no fever at all. I generally think im feeling better but its just so strange, never felt this weirdly “half”sick before. I dont know if i have it or not but i havent been bad enough to go to any doctor yet for any diagnosis. I think im on the comedown but who knows really, another thing i wanna bring up is that im an asthmatic but with pretty well controlled asthma. I know people say not to take ACE inhibiting drugs or NSAID drugs because they can make things worse and so far i just have been taking tylenol day and night flu but i take an asthma anti-inflammatory preventative drug every night called montelukast that i was prescribed awhile back that prevents me from getting asthma usually and im curious to know if anyone knows if that could be bad or if it falls under any of those categories of drugs. Havent found too much on it on google that isnt all medical jargon. Here’s hoping i either dont have corona and its passing or if i do that it stays this mild and i come back to full health soon :) sorry for the long post, its 1 am and im half asleep but couldnt get this off my mind.