Ohioian here..  on Feb 10th I went to the ER for diabetic ketoacidosis because I had a viral infection causing my blood sugars to go crazy and I was severely dehydrated. I thought I was getting pnemunia because of this awful dry cough like I'd never experienced before. The CT scan showed almost nothing but possibly starting in lower right lobe. I was discharged after 3 days with viral infection. (And the c diff I contracted there) Started feeling better when I got home.. then suddenly 3 days after discharge I took a turn for the worse. By Feb 22nd I couldn't take care of myself or my kids so I ended up in the ICU with SEVERE pnemunia both lungs every lobe infected. Atypical awful lung CT findings they blamed on vaping (I do not vape). I was also septic.  My symptoms? Intermittent fever of 103/104 that came on suddenly and messed me up big time. Delirium and hallucinations. Heart rate was super high, 220 at one point and never below 130.  And a horrible dry cough/sore throat that turned into "likely bacterial pnemuina". The findings of my CT scans of my lungs are identical to those of COVID-19'S patients. I am 28, I do have a compromised immune system and type 1 diabetes. I have never felt this bad in my entire life. I lost 20 pounds and practically the entire month of February. I tested negative for the flu 3 times before I got a positive result from a lung culture they did which also showed staphylococcus aures (which they did because I was so severe with no obvious explanation)normally my pulse ox is 98/99 I required oxygen the entire time with it going as low as 86 I think and now a month and a half later my pulse ox is still only 93 and I have a productive cough.  Both my kids got sick as well but it was more like a severe cold or very mild flu for them. Apparently I had the flu that turned into bacterial pnemunia, but I think it was COVID-19.. I am hoping the antibody test that was just approved will provide some answers for me. I'm quarantined currently because of how high risk I am, and would love to not be panicking every day if I already had it!!