So I’m one of those “essential” employees out there, working as an emt in a state along the east coast. I won’t be too specific, just in case. I have been at this current job for a little over a year. With the turn over rate at my job, I have a lot of seniority over most of the other employees. A new dispatcher starts working with us and has been here for 5 months but has already assumed responsibility of scheduling 20 other employees. We have been cutting hours due to corona (doesn’t make any fucking sense). I’ve pretty much solidified my time slot to coming in at 8am everyday I work. Since I have seniority, I can do that sort of thing. But because of schedule cuts, somehow I’ve been bumped down to 11am/12pm start times and newer emts are taking my time slots. Some of these so-called emts just so happen to kiss this dispatchers ass. Now I have always been civil with her and I’ve never done anything to have her dislike me. I do my job correctly and stay extra when they need me to (2hr hold over). I just don’t do what everyone else does like assisting in her relationship problems (now ex fiancé will come to work and they will fight while she’s on the clock), join in on her rants about how people don’t do extra work, talk shit about people behind their backs (she gossips a lot). I’ve asked her multiple times as to why my schedule has changed and the reason is always, “schedule cuts for corona.” She gives me ultimatums now like, “if you can’t come in at this time then I will have to take you off the schedule.” What bullshit! I have kids and other responsibilities to my family. I volunteer on a squad. I love and respect what I do. I take it very seriously, especially with everything that’s been going on. For her to just one day decide that she no longer likes me and change up my schedule. She’s a fucking c*nt. I get so mad whenever I see her that I have to restrain the petty shade that flies out of my mouth. For those wondering, the schedule I’m on has been this way for most of the time that I’ve worked with this company. Bosses are aware of my availability and previous coworkers who have done scheduling have understood as well. I feel betrayed that my bosses haven’t actually tried to intervene and the loyalty/respect I have has diminished.