So before we got involved with cps I was a stay at home mom while my fiancé worked. He makes enough that it was possible for me to just be home with our daughter, we had no trouble ever worrying about things she needed. Well I got a job in November at a nursing home I worked in the kitchen, and that was the worst job I’ve ever worked at. I would work a lot of doubles a week because no one wanted to work, it became really exhausting plus just having to deal with not having my daughter I just couldn’t take it anymore so I quit. The next FCM we had I was told I had to get a job, I’m not complaining that I have to get a job. But we only have one vehicle. My fiancé works 6-3 so we were planning on finding a job that has the same hours, but the problem is, is that I don’t want to be working at a place that I hate. I started working when I was a sophomore in high school the place I worked at I loved it there, never called in never missed a day always covered someone’s shift when needed, but it didn’t pay enough so my senior year I got a mother job with that first job and I also loved it there the only time I didn’t go in to work was when it had snowed a lot and my manager told me I didn’t have to come in that she would work my shift so I didn’t have to drive in the snow. Then after I graduated I got a full time job in a factory, then after my daughter I just didn’t go back. I want to find a job that I loved like the two I worked in high school, I could go back to one of them because they are hiring but the hours would be 4-9 and 4-10 and my fiancé doesn’t like that he thinks we should have the same schedule but I know I loved working there before and had no problem going there. Not only do I have to worry about the same hours but I am very limited in where I could work. And let’s not forget that our schedule is crazy anyway with the stuff we have to do. He has a class on Tuesday nights, I have a class on Wednesday nights, we have a visit with our daughter on Thursdays, and Saturday’s