Please help me understand this system: maybe my cousin and the caseworker are reaching? I’ve had baby for Nine months, after mother overdosed with baby in the car in a parking lot. Mom went to jail after the incident, after getting out she went back to jail a few months later after failing a drug test. She never really followed through with therapy, parenting classes or her mandated  groups. After getting out of jail the second time she overdosed two weeks later. That was 5 weeks ago.... she said it was a suicide attempt and went to the psych hospital and then a locked down drug rehab where she currently is. She also said she took a hair follicle test the day she overdosed and knew she failed it. She also had another suicide attempt where she went to a psych hospital shortly after getting out of jail the first time.  (Two psyc admissions and two suicide attempts in 8 months). She has an extensive history of jail and drug overdoses over ten years. She admits that her hair follicle tests would show that outside of jail  she never went more than a few days without using since this case began. Now, the case worker wants to send her to a place where she gets an apartment, where there is someone on site (at the apartment complex not in the apartment with her), she gets the 16 months old baby full time, she does groups in the day and he does day care, seems fairly unstructured and unappreciated in the evenings, she’s gone alone with baby). Since she has not maintained sobriety or really made any progress since this happened, and overdosed five weeks ago, she is psychologically unstable, and unable to stay clean outside of a locked facility, how is this in anyway a safe option for the baby, how is it in his best interest when he is stable and in a house with security structure and routine and familiar faces? In 5 months she has seen him a total of less than 5 hours and some of that was in jail behind plexus glass. I sent an email to the caseworker supervisor and my cousin said the supervisor approved this placement as well, what the heck, am I crazy for thinking this would be negligent?