Okay so i posted something about this last night but deleted it out of fear of judgement. Now i dont really give  afuck what anybody think. I kno most responses gon be along the lines of i got to respect hthe drug blase blase i get it. So here it goes ... Ive never had a seizure before and i been abusing substanncs since 15. And i mean there were poiints in life were abused is an understatement. Well i had my first seziure a week or two ago after a masive blast. I didnt really  believe it cuz i cwas so high it was dream like but a few days later i felt scabs on my back and realze bi reall had one. Usually to achieve a bell ringer i woulf takr a blast and hold it 45-60ey would  exhale and walk out on my balcony cuz outside sounds cool as fuck. when i would go from chair to chair my knees start to buckle and i can barely walk to the point i almost fall over. sometimes it would happen as soon as i get in the next chair. last night i didnt think i would be able to control it but i held on to the chair like a jit on a rollerb coaster and foucsed on my breathing and managed to get it under control. Have any of you expeerienced something similar? i looked it up because i wasnt sure if it was a real seizure becvause i wold still have concious thought. I am unable to talk though no matter how bad i want to like those nightmares we had as kids when you want to scream but cant.. at the same ti,e tjhough its a rush like no other. this gon make me sound bad af but after a couple of close calls after the first full on one i started to like pushing my limits to the very edge of the border. I dont really kow where this post is going i just reallt wanted to share and or talk about it and see iif anybody experienced similar. i cant share w my best friends or girl because  they would tell my family o0ut of lookin  out for me. and i get it i appreciate i have good friends but thi is prolly my deepest darkest secret and my family knows i abused lean percs weed dabbled wiith other shit but thet would treat me like a speical needs child if they ever found out. anyways anybody ever take a mssive blast and after the exhale your arms and legs secifaly start vibratong then faster and faster and eventually hen i had the full one it vibrates to thehighest point and i blacced out.. shit crazy and the scary thing is everyt9ime ive experined this sensation i have been alone with my door barricaded by a dresser . Im reallt fucking w the devil i know yall can talk whatever smck you want i relally dont care no more but i just wanted to see if any of you have expeindeced ANYTHING even remotely similar/