I was with the craziest most ruthless woman who happened and still is one of the most legendary whorebags to ever grace the earth.  I was young,  naive and basically clueless when i met her.  Introduced by a friend but now im convinced this friend must have hated me to the core to suggest i go out with the devils sister.  Im not ashamed to say it took me a long time to learn the truth because the level of evil and psycho within this woman is at a level which is unbelievable.   I would hear stories but they were so crazy, i thought people were putting me on. They were not.   There is one good part to this story.  Not only am i a completely different person and am full of red pill content, I no longer let anyone walk over me at all. I am an asshole. I wasn't quite a simp before but seeing as i had no role model in the area of women, i believed you were to remain a gentleman regardless. Try that shit now. You will be in tears wondering how this guy you just met just coldly slayed your ass in public while your walking home at midnight. I just dont care anymore. This woman sucked my spirit out of me and tried crushing my soul.  She would message any woman i knew from my past, including coworkers, classmates, exs, RELATIVES and girls from facebook who were on my list but lived across the country and threaten them, insult them and their family, start rumors, call their work, parents and whoever else she could think of and be the most horrible human being ever. She did this all behind my back. I would find out when i started getting messages fron people that ranged from angry to confused on why this woman was calling their work and telling their boss how big of a whore they are or some other horrible nasty thing from across the country. One of them was a ex coworker of mine that i hadn't talked to in 10 years but she found a pic of us together at the place of employment and thats all it took to make a call to this very wholesome girls husband and mom and dad telling them she was a whore.  I got a call from the coworker the next day telling me to run. I was confused.   Then she messaged a girl i hooked up with years ago and told her boyfriend she was a whore and bla bla bla. Mind you this went on for years behind my back.  She would go out with her friend, who could probably suck start a motorcycle and screw everybody, all while accusing me daily of cheating. I now know this is a tactic of a serial cheater.  Silly me. She ruined relationships for me probably forever. We have been broken up almoat 7 years and girls still are reluctant to talk to me because of her. She has been married like 5 years and i have been celibate the whole time because this chick has changed my views on women. Ive lost 4 jobs because of her harrasment all within the last year together. My family and friends loathe her and would celebrate if she were to be hit by a bus.  The one woman who i would date if i could wont talk to me or even acknowledge me because of this womans calls and messages.  This was done all behind my back while she was smiling in front of me plus riding the kock carousel every weekend.  I call her ted bundy with tits. She stole money, wrote bad checks and even faked an injury to the point of major surgery to get a 30 grand payout. I was supposedly her dude but i was so wrong.  She bragged that she bullied the ugly girls in high school.  She treated everyone like total shit.  She is the queen of gaslighting and would deny doing or saying something you witnessed. She probably is the best manipulater i have ever been around. She got me without me knowing. It took years for people to learn the truth about her. There is so much more. I really cant believe a person capable of this level of evil even exists.   This post is a short version i just dont feel like typing anymore.  I hope someone reads this and has a good laugh and maybe it will save some poor guy thinking the same way i did.  Im a changed man. Im part asshole part nicer asshole. I know one thing is for sure. The statement, to be old and wise, first you must be young and stupid is not only true, its the way to freedom.  True freedom is the real ability to not give a fuck.  Im there.  I just dont give a fuck anymore. Im keeping them all.   Am i alone i  this? Is it possible someone of this caliber is out there. Id love to hear about it. Ya know,  just for fun.