I am in ninth grade going into 10th and I had a girlfriend and we were really happy. We had been friends for about 3 months before dating and then we dated for 8 months. We barely ever argued except for your usual one of us did something wrong and needed called out argument. Anyway, I was really happy and we were getting pretty attached. So me and my mom got in an argument one day after she asked me to do something. I was doing what she told me to do and she got mad at me and told me to stop so I stopped. After I stopped I asked her “why did you ask me to do it if you won’t let me”. She proceeded to call me multiple choice words and one particular word that she knows I can’t stand which I will not get into. So after we went back and forth arguing for about 30 minutes she told me to go to my room so I did. I was still pissed as fuck so I stayed in my room and played guitar for a little bit. A few weeks before all of this happened I was in her room talking to her after fixing our picnic table. She was talking to me and then said she wanted me to talk to my ex girlfriend from 8th grade who is a total bitch and I can’t stand. She is the most stuck up person I have ever met and she talks shit about everyone behind their backs. She even humiliated my recent ex girlfriend in front of all of her friends and made her feel like shit which made us be on even worse terms. So I talked to her like my mom wanted because she would’ve gotten mad at me if I didn’t. I was talking to her and she told me and my mom that she was happy for me and my girlfriend and that she didn’t want to intervene with our relationship. I really appreciated that. But my mom was a little annoyed by it though. She really liked her when we were dating and she still after over a year of being broke up hasn’t accepted us being broken up. So fast forward to the day me and my mom had our argument. After we had our argument and while I was in my room. She texted my girlfriend and broke us up. I found out that night that my mother had broken up me and the girl who made me happy and that I loved very much and had gotten attached to. I asked her a few days ago why she did what she did and she told me “because you guys were going to break up anyway so I decided to do it for you and make it easier” 😒. So I decided to try and forget about it and hang out with my ex because we were cool with each other and we are good friends. It had been two months since the  break up so I went on a bike ride with her and a few friends to just get some exercise during quarantine. Don’t worry we were all six feet apart lol. So anyway I was going to go on another one last week and when I told my mom who was going last week and she heard my ex’s name she flipped her shot and grounded me. Now I can’t go on any and all I’m allowed to do is stay at home. I was in the car the other day talking to my dad and he told me that I should just date as many girls as possible in high school which I think is stupid because I think that if you love someone and they make you happy then there is no reason that you should break their heart and hurt them by dumping them because you have to date a shit ton of girls in high school. This is probably really stupid but I kinda am just stuck and don’t know what to do because I would love to be more than friends with my ex because we both still love each other and it’s completely unfair to date someone and love someone else. But my parents want me to be a player and date a shit ton of girls and I can’t even hang out with the one that I want to date. And while they say they want me to date as many girls as possible they make a rule that I can’t date until I’m 18 which is fucking insane and my mothers reasoning for that is because she wants my focus for girls to only be on her, my little sister, and my fucking grandma. But she does t think that you can be in a relationship with someone while you do that. She is also a hypocrite because she dated someone for 4 years when she was in middle/high school but I can’t even date someone for 8 months.