The journey begins with a strong hearted boy who faught his way to be better than himself, always being the trusting face you could come to, a face everchanging to fit the looks of what the world and people around him wanted, he kept his secrets well, and kept theirs even better. The young boy had gone by several differant names and several different faces, he relied on the fact no one really knew him or his true nature, he found it easier to help carry their weight if they were giving it to a stanger. He had his inner circle of few who he was undeniably himself around, still unknowing of his hidden scars, then one day the boy with a strong heart, became a  husk of a man. His world burned down around him, the fire spreading faster than he could react, smoke filling his lungs and eyes. The world was dark and empty, a unimaginably furious heat consumed the poor boy, leaving nothing but a crisp charred shell of who he used to be. The people who once knew him did what they could to try to fill the void that was now walking around calling himself their friend, they knew he was broken far more than they could help with. Rumors began to spread, the well known name of the once well regarded boy had turned to a whisper in the wind, his friends slowly walked away as they started to fall victim to the rumors and lies. Each day grew more tiring as he walked the halls he could feel the gazes locked on his lifeless body, like they were all seeing a dead man walking. The young man had more struggles to face as he would come closer to death than he would have liked. One nearly fatal accident cost the already broken man his mind, shattering his memories beyond all repair, every moment in his life is scrambled and twisted. People he knew and loved are forever forgotten in the abyss of his mind, he cant remember who he is or who he ever was, the face in the mirror is not his own, his memories have no order nor direction. His life as he knows it is just a mess of memories he doesent even know if they ever happened. His life doesent feel real anymore, if everyday never happened, what's tomorrow worth waiting for. The man keeps on trying though, for the only thing that reminds him that he is alive, is that he feels like hes dying.