I hope God is a crabby old bastard with an untamed beard, smirking eyes, wispy comb-over, and wide gaps between a few piss-yellow teeth. A little enough like our traditionally formulated image, but even more so of an inverted, lowdown, disheveled, broken variety. Unsafe, even. Such a force need be little more to have made this spectacular mess of things. The pious might call this a perversion. Of their version, yes. Not a full-blown, card-carrying asshole per se, though firmly opposite of the white-haired, tyrannical, bigot geezer in the clouds, so enamored with himself, demanding worship and threatening damnation. More like a dark-haired, tattooed, bent, scraped, faded seventies burnt-orange aviator glasses-wearing smart ass in the dimly lit corner booth of a dive bar where he’s watching after the ones who think they’re lost and don’t realize that everyone is actually hitting their marks in perfect grace. There is no there there, as Gertrude said, after all. He’s as kind and compassionate as you’d expect, but with a sense of humor much more darkly indulgent than you might imagine. He’s seen some shit. He knows some shit. Wise doesn’t even begin to cover it. He’s holding all of the cards and isn’t the least bit worried about you. How could he ever be? Everything belongs to him, because everything is him, her, it, everything. Omnipotence cannot be splintered or diminished or delegated or bastardized. But, forget the philosophy and mental gymnastics, what we’re really talking about is the wildest ideal of an antihero to our flawed nature. The darkness trembling around us, plotting against and harming itself in vain, comically and cosmically subscribing to its own grandiose delusions of separateness. All meaningless violence, lashing out at its alleged judge. Yet nothing touches any of it, the mysterious bearded lady’s absurd yet beloved collaboration with oneself. Not the weary birds, not the polluted water supply, not the trash in the streets, not the bought and sold politicians, not the nefarious algorithms. It’s all just theater. A big show. The last dance before the lights come up. We’re terrified and she just keeps smiling, wondering when we’re going to get it. To just slow down and be in love. Let it all play out. Let it all go. He doesn’t want to save us. There’s nothing to save. She just wants to keep laughing a bit longer. That’s all any of us want.