When I was a child, I hated my teeth, my ears, my hair. My teeth were crooked and spaced so far apart it gave the impression I was missing every other one. My ears were much too large for my head and my hair was kept short so that it didn’t offer any concealment. As I grew, these things were mended. I used braces to straighten my teeth and had veneers put in where the gaps remained. I grew into my oversized ears and I was finally allowed to grow my hair to any length I pleased. With all of these flaws eliminated, there was another feature I couldn’t help but dislike – my nose. A “Jirschele” nose, my mother named it after her father’s nose, and his father’s before. Tall and wide, protruding like Mount Saint Helens. When I was fourteen, the Kittson County Enterprise ran an article about how my mother had won tickets to a Carrie Underwood concert by writing an essay about my elder sister. They printed a picture with the article: my mother and my sister on Main Street, squinting against the flood of sunlight raining down on them. My mother hated the picture, she talked about it for weeks. “Our noses take up a half of our faces,” she claimed, jabbing her finger into the newspaper. I wasn’t in this picture, but the similarities between my features and that of my siblings are many, and I began to believe my nose was grossly oversized as well. I would stare at it in the mirror, wondering what my face would look like with a small nose, a perfectly proportional face. As the years went on and I focused on other more important things in my life, my nose slowly blended into the shadows of my mind. Sometimes, I completely forget about my nose, I forget that it still lives there on my face, the first thing anyone sees when they meet me. As quickly as I forget, I catch a glimpse of myself in a store window, the dark screen of my television, the bathroom mirror. Sometimes I think my nose isn’t really as large as I make it out be, but these comforting thoughts are quickly smothered by the memory of my mother jabbing her finger into that picture in the paper. Ive tried to reason with myself, tried to logically think this through, but I am never entirely successful. Perhaps I am holding on to this flaw because I know that if I come to embrace it, I’ll most certainly find another flaw and begin to hate another part of myself.