My school is the kind to bully people it doesnt like. we have a quiet boy who was always kind of sweet in his own way, he'd never hurt anyone... at least i didnt think so. he has a lot of bullies but two in particular were pretty bad. their names were jason and tommy. they would do everything from shove to hit him. now, im probably the closest thing that max (the quiet kid) has to a friend. he's really sweet... i know he didnt do it but... back to the story. one day jason got a hold of a swiss army knife and threatend to cut max's throat open. (terrible school, i know) now max... he didnt want to hurt him... he had no choice but... max broke jasons arms... both of them. jason ws screaming "THE FREAK DIDNT EVEN TOUCH ME! HE JUST... HE DID IT WITH THE WALL!!" this perplexed all of us but we figured jason was just making excuses for getting beaten up. max didnt even get asked why (shit school) he broke jasons arms. i was the only one curious enough to want to know what jason meant by the wall thing.i went to where the fight happened and found the knife on the ground and a circle of crey on  the brick wall of the ouside of the school. it was as if someone had replaced it with a different piece of stone.... "hey." said max standing behind me. "oh... hey." i responded. "i guess you're wondering what that circle is about huh?" i asked. "yeah, actually." i answered. "look ill show you, but you can't say anything about it to anyone okay?" he said. "i promise?" i said, confused. "okay" replied. he held his arm out and took the entire circle of stone out of the wall without even touhcing it! he made a motion with his fingers and the circle flipped. he moved his arm out towards the wall and restored the cillinder, the grey was the other side of the brick wall. the wall looked normal again! "how did you do that?" i yelled. "i dont know, ive been able to do it since i was eight." he said with a blank expression. "that was amazing!" i yelled. and our friendship only grew. that was six years ago. im twenty one and living on my own. ive had on and off boyfriends a couple times but nothing too serious. i thought about max one day and decided to look him up on my computer. what a found was shocking. "max ------ reported missing, his house was searched and the boddies of max -------'s parents were found chrushed to death and mutilated." and then there was more. max was a suspect in the violent homicides of jason and tommy! i couldnt believe it. he was so sweet... i hadnt talked to max in over three years but i still cried a little when i found all this. he was still on the run and i didnt know what to think of my best highschool friend anymore. that was yesterday. today i came home and sat down on my couch as usual when i saw it... a chunk of stone in the shape of a heart... sitting on my floor.