 I worked as a guard at a private college, and I had my share of creeps. I could go into it here, because the gym was also open to the neighborhood, which really wasn't a great idea. It was a headache for us security staff. Also a lot of the kids at the front desk in work/study hardly paid attention to the people walking into the gym. No matter who they where, they had to have a membership card, students or outside neighbors. For the most part, it was a girl with her boyfriend, and they look lovingly into each other's eyes like teenagers while I sat there, trying to figure who was supposed to be actually in the gym. There was even a guy who came in and ran around in his underwear, and while that was creepy, he never actually did anything improper, and was related to a person who was a professor, so while I personally disapproved, he never actually committed any real bad acts. However, we had one work/study kid who actually did his job well. Nice kid. So, I was sitting there, and he came up to me to tell me about a man who had come to the front desk. He said the man didn't have a card. I appreciate one work/study student who shows a bit of seriousness at this job, checking cards, and I walk over to this short guy I never seen before. He looked to be in his forties. I say to him, look, I need to see your card. That's the rules. Just go out to your car, get your card and show it to us so we can scan it and that's all you need to do. This dude proceeds to tell me that he has family members who work at our college. I ask his name. He refused to give it. He argues with me for like 20 minutes. Then he marches out of the gym angry, saying he's going to report us. I tell the kid he did a good job, following the rules and as professional guard, I appreciate the back up. The kid nods. Good kid. Well, he ends up coming back into the gym and apologizes for how he acted. I said yes, it's okay, do you have a card to scan for us? He says he has it in his car, proceeds to go outside to get it and drives away. I never saw him again, nor heard anything about him. Who was he? And considering how odd the whole interaction was, lets not meet?