So this happened to me about 2 years ago. I went to go hang out with my friend for drinks and to smoke. We were having fun and enjoying ourselves. Around 2ish am, I decided it was time to go home. Now my friend lived in apartments literally right next to my apartment complex. So I figured walking wouldn’t be such a bad thing and I’ve done before so I didn’t seem the harm in it. So I was walking listening to my music through my headphones. I got to the street that my complex was at. It was literally a 5 minute walk. As I walking down the sidewalk I could see this man across the street from my complex just staring at which seemed like my apartment. At first I didn’t think anything of it. I took my headphones off and started to walk slower. He then noticed me and started walking away. As I got closer he would look back at me but kept walking away. As soon as I got to the end of the sidewalk near my apartment he looked back at me and started running towards me. I was terrified and knew I couldn’t run cause I didn’t want him to know I was scared. So I turned and started walking behind a wall and as soon as I knew I was out of his sight I booked it and hid behind some cars. I could hear my heart through my chest. I looked through the windows of the car I was hiding behind and I could see the guy not even a few feet away looking for me! He was a big heavy guy wearing a construction vest and a black shirt. I hid behind the car again and thought about what I was going to do. I came up with a plan and I ran all the way back of the apartment complex not knowing if he heard me or not. I waited for a minute. I went to the opposite side of the complex was I knew it was clear. I booked it all the way down to the front where my apartment was at. I unlocked the door, ran in and locked it. Went to my room and looked out my window to see if I could see the guy but he wasn’t there and I assumed I lost him. I laid in bed thinking about it. Why did the guy chase me? What was he gonna do to me if he caught me? Why was he in front of my apartment? I finally brushed it off and feel asleep. The next day I told my parents about it and they said they didn’t want me walking alone home at night, I agreed knowing that was probably for the best. I never saw that guy around my complex again.