 I stare at a man emotionlessly. I know deep down it’s rude to do this but i just can’t stop staring at this man. He’s not anything special, just an average looking man with plain features. Not a perfect ten but definitely not anything lower than a five. Just an average man. I keep staring at this plain average man but I now see that he’s actually looking right back at me. His eyes glued to mine. I should stop staring since I’ve been caught but I decide not to. I stare and he just stares back, both of us emotionless. What feels like hours go by but honestly it was probably only minutes but both of are still looking at the other. Then the man begins to move slightly a wide grin slowly begins to creep across this man's face. The lips stretched completely thin in almost a grotesque inhuman grin. I continue to stare, not moving, not showing any emotion. I just can't look away. I should more than ever now  because I start to feel uneasy. This feeling builds up deep in my stomach and slowly rises till it settles in my throat. This uneasy lump trying to tell me to look away but again I don't. The grinning man starts to tremble. He shakes violently his entire body moving like a blur and then nothing. He’s still again. But wait he seems closer now that's not possible. I didn't see him move. No he is closer I can see the color of his teeth now a disgusting yellow with chunks of black. I hadn't seen that before so he definitely is closer now. I should run now. This man is hideous now I can see the detail I haven't noticed before. His hair looked dead. I'm sure if he would have ran his hand through it would just fall out.  His eyes were green but they had a film over them like someone with cataracts. Blemishes cover his face, bright red. This man just grins and stares at me. I know I must run but my legs don't obey. They stay firmly planted in front of this rotted looking man. He trembles again. Is he going to get closer? He shakes and shakes and stops. I was right. He got closer. Inches away from my face I can see every little imperfection of this man. He is ugly. He looked decent from afar but now I see how hideous this man is. I can smell his horrid breath leak from his unnatural grin. I want to look away. I can't stand this man anymore but I still stare emotionless and still. He begins to move again but not the trembling motion from before. His right arm begins to pull back his thin fingers bunch together into a fist. He’s going to bunch me. I've done nothing but just stare at this ugly man. I can't move. The fist flies towards my face. The mirror shatters. I stare looking at myself but in a fractured state from the cracked glass. The same emotionless stare on my face. I bring my bloodied hands to my face and begin to weep