It was a cold night. The sky was midnight black, almost gave me an ominous feeling in the pit of my stomach. After some reassurance that nothing is wrong, I propped up my comfy bed and fell asleep before I thought about it. The next morning, I woke up feeling rather ill. . I knew I wasn't possessed, but my little sister from Seattle had a voodoo doll, and I did just recently have an argument with her on Facebook. That's when I lost control! I grabbed a hammer and smashed all the things I once loved. With tears in my arms, I just wanted to yell, but my other hand kept shutting it. I then dropped the hammer on my big toe and fell over on the floor. After regaining myself, I realized I smashed a necklace my mother made for me, crafted with love. I bawled and went to my room, but not before I lost it again and ran out the house and tripped on a rock. Everybody was looking at me and one guy tried to help me, but I slapped him. Meanwhile, my sister was playing with her voodoo doll and her abusive father busted in and ripped the arm off the voodoo doll. I let out a yelp and realized my arm broke. That was the last thing that happened before I had a panic attack and passed out. I was sweaty. I couldn't breathe and I was shaking so fast, you couldn't tell I was shaking. Fortunately, that was the last thing they did. I booked a flight to Seattle and explained that she broke my arm. She apologized about that and asked for forgiveness. I just walked away in disappointment and went to a fancy restaurant. After I ordered my food, I got a call from Mom. She asked how I was doing before she let out the loudest scream I've ever had. It caught me off guard and I asked what was wrong. She quivered "Your. sister. killed. herself." I dropped my phone and everything turned slow motion. I fell on my knees and realized how much my life escalated in an entire day. The thunder boomed and the rain poured, like the puddle of tears I was crying in on the sidewalk. I knew she was insane, but I still had a powerful love for her. That's when the voodoo doll was touched again. The family's dog bit it like it was a chew toy, and that was the last thing that happened in my life before my stomach squished and I died. At least it wasn't a long death. Lord knows how heartbroken she is that she lost both her children. And I'd rather not know either. Poor, poor thing.