Okay, let me explain. i have pretty strict parents, my mom got me a laptop for christmas so that schoolwork would be easier, (i get bullied a lot). two days ago my language arts teacher assigned the class a paper on any book we wanted. my family isnt really the type to keep books on the shelves, so i went to the local library. my town is pretty old and this library is pretty much a relic but its surprisingly big. since i got trapped... it seems bigger. i decided to do a paper on a book called -----. (meta bit here: dont want to infringe any copyrite irl) i went to the library and found the book after a few minutes. i started typing out a paper and after about... i think it was two pages, im not sure, the power went out... i think. i cant really know for sure because it wasnt like some loud, generator-type guteral roar. it was silent. it maybe lasted a few seconds but it felt like hours... i couldnt see anything. when the lights turned back on... they didnt look the same. they were dim and some were out. it took me a while to realize that the library was silent. quieter than a library normally is. it was still VERY dark, the lights were just bright enough to see but not illuminate anything. the bookcases had moved, they werent in rows anymore... it kind of felt like... a maze. i reached in my book bag and grabbed my phone, i noticed that it was charged to 100%... it was only at 70% when i left. i tried to rationalize, to make any sence out of my situation. but it was no use... i was scared alone and most importantly, without food. but i didnt feel alone... you know that feeling you get when you think you're being watched? it was like that but on steroids. it felt like i'd swallowed butterflies and let them live in my stomache. i was sure somthing was there, i could feel it in my gut. i grabbed my bag and laptop and ran as fast as i could! left right left left right left! i could feel it behind me, i knew it was gaining on me! and just then... there it was. my saving grace, my holy grail, the cafe illuminated the area like a star in the night sky! i ran to it and frantically searched for the button to drop the security gate, but i couldnt find it! and then i saw it... at least eight feet tall deep dark blue eyes. black skin like id never seen, darker than the ocean at night. i pondered for a moment... why it didnt atack. and then i realized... it was scared of the light! i took out my phone and shined the flashlight at the thing! it didnt shreak with sound but it felt like the sound was in the back of my head i ran into the kitchen and saw a metal door labled "safe room" i knew this was normal as my town has really bad tornadoes pretty often. i ran inside and shut the door behind me. and then i felt something pull me to the wall with a LOT of force. i felt the cold touch of metal to my throat and saw that it was a knife. i stayed quiet but asked who it was. "shhh, my name is dalton. that thing out there is called a seeker, if we stay quiet it'll go away." said an austrailian voice. "whats with the knife?" i whispered. "better to be safe, you never know who *else* has a knife. now be quiet, it's losing our trail." i looked through the crack in the door where dalton had stopped it from slamming. its eyes were no longer blue... they were black. it walked way after a few seconds. dalton removed the knife from my neck and pushed me away. "what faction are *you* with?" asked dalton. "faction?" i asked. "wait, did you just get here?" he asked. "yeah, what the fuck is happening?" i asked. "huh, it hasn't taken any new victims in a while. anyway, i dont have time to explain right now. i need to go out for a few." he said, reaching in his pack. "here, for if you get hungry. ill be right back." he said, handing me a couple energy bars and a water. "where are you going, whats going on?" i said, scared. "chill out, ill explain everything later. Oh! and, if i dont say my name... dont open the door." he said as he closed the door. i grabbed my phone and tried to call my parents then the police... niether worked. i got out my laptop and went on reddit, ive never posted here before but i feel like the situation is right... also my laptop cuts out on most subreddits. this is so far... ironically the only one i can find where id doesn--- the light just went out... the feeling is back... hundreds... no thousands of tiny blue eyes are staring from the ceiling. i feel like if i try to run they will catch me. theyre watching me, i dont know what to do... if i make it out ill update..... so for now... does anyone have any helpful suggestions? help... please......