So just last week I (F21) decided to go for a morning run, I already planned the route I was going to take and that I wasn't going to bring my phone (as I don't like holding things when I'm running sometimes) .. before I left my partner was concerned about me not bringing my phone and mentioned a few times that I should bring it, but I always feel safe and felt like "I'm just going for a run around the area, I'll be fine". Anyway I went for my run, and there was a part of the route I was taking where I would run through a path where there's lots of trees🌳🌳 but I thought I should be fine as it'll only take minutes and I'll just quickly run through and I'll be out in the open again.. when I came running up to that part I didn't think anything much, as it was very quiet and there didn't seem to be anyone for miles around.. I decided to just start walking through but I looked around to see if I was completely by myself and then started enjoying the scenery, talking to myself😂 just in my own little world for about a minute or two.. suddenly I looked up and there was a man standing off the side of my path approximately 20ft away facing towards me with his pants all the way down masturbating 🤢 as soon as I saw him my first instinct was to just run! I didn't stop to think about his motives, my mind just told me to get the hell away from there as fast as possible! So I cut the path and ran across this little field.. i got up to the car park in the open where I noticed a white ute in the first carpark closest to the Bush, there was no other cars around and no people in sight either so I assumed it was his.. In hindsight I wish I'd taken down his number plate when I had the chance too, but I didn't know what he was capable of with no one around so I just kept running.. when I made it to a main road there were still no cars around, no people or many houses nearby either (and we're all in lockdown) I kept running until I got to a street with houses, I looked back a few times just to see if he was chasing me or not, luckily he wasn't. After I got to an allyway that led to another street I looked back and saw him walking out of the bush with a red cap on back to his car. I continued on running the remaining 2kms home.. What i learnt about that situation is to be more cautious about the paths i take.. and it was quite scary knowing when I was running away that there was no one around PLUS during my panic I naturally reached for my phone to call my partner but realised I didn't bring it.. so next time I'll bring my phone just in case. Also, I'm not sure if he saw me earlier on my run and knew I was going to be running through the forest track or not but it was way creepy. I reported every detail I remember to the police later that day though, so I hope he gets caught.