I live in nevada, but a more toned down suburban place. its your regular known neighbor hood, there are two parks where I live that are close to me, I have a brother that wanted to go with me to the bigger end of the park so me and him start walking up, it takes about 20 mins to walk up there, there's one park you pass by as you start going up the road and as you pass the park theres a big empty mountain with nothing but dirt and rocks, and theres not really any houses along the road or street lights, so its really dark and hard to see, my brother brought a scooter and I brought my skateboard, so he would go ahead me and I would just carry my board as the road would be really tiring to go up so I just walked along. about 3 mins pass and he's super far ahead waiting at a cross walk for me, as im passing the long road I start to hear rustling in the bushes, now keep in mind the only critters or animals we have here are lil cotton tails or coyotes that don't come near the place I live due to it being very populated and them being scared of ppl and cars, so I immediately thought of a cotton tail so I shine my light over to where I heard it and I saw nothing, I literaly just kept walking and didn't think anything of it. fast forward up until 10 at night as were walking/ riding back home, I started skating down the hill and recording my experience so I could post it on my social media, my brother was going slow due to the steep hill. I remember passing him saying "hurry up" and he just sat there on his phone. as I continue down less than 30 seconds later hes zooming up to me telling me to stop and wait up. I stop and as I see him out of breath as he tells me to move over into some bushes, (mind you were still on the road with no lights at the side of the mountain.) I ask him whats wrong and he tells me to be quiet, we neal there in silence for about 20 seconds as he peaks around us like a physco  and then I say "nice joke" and he starts to have tears whell up and I then ask what the hell happened, he starts to tell me that a man started talking behind him as he was sitting there and he turned around to see if it was someone but no one was there. he then turned back around and was finishing his video I guess when he got up to catch up with me when he saw a silhouette of a bear like creature with glowing eyes and he then zoomed up to me at that point I ask him if he's serious  and he goes on to say yes I then tell him we don't have bears here and he nods knowing that. I sit there confused. we then get up and head home and at this point its around 11 pm. we get home and tell our parents I ask them about it and they go on to say that its heppend to them and friends all around the las vegas area almost having the same experience, calling it a "hitcher"  I honestly don't believe it one bit. ive done some reaserche but nothing seems to add up. hearing all these stories made me think about it again. if anyone has any thoughts ideas or theorys, or maybe a related experience please let me know. im honestly still really curious to what happened. I have some other stories kinda related to this one that I think ill be sharing as well.