Ok. Last night I was walking to my room, and i turned around. Normally, I see the living room, but instead I saw absolute blackness. For the past few weeks, I'd been seeing this face that disappears behind a corner every time I turn around. It was a girl, with long hair, that glowed white and had a blue outline. Last night, there was the blackness thing, and then the girl came out of nowhere, right in front of me. Normally her hair covers here eyes, but she had one showing this time, with the pupil as small as a pin's point. I turned back around, and the darkness crawled out of my vision. It looked like spiders, because it had multiple legs and was made of separate parts. I was freaked out, so I crawled into my bed and hugged my dog. I finally got under the covers after nothing happened, and I played on my phone. At 12:41 am, a light came on upstairs, and I thought it was the printer. It normally blinks at night, but I remembered that my dad had unplugged it to do maintenance and it wasn't on. I looked upstairs and saw her, looking down at me, one eye uncovered. her whole body this time, not just the face. As soon as I saw her, she turned to her left and then walked through my hockey table. I rushed to my parent's room, waking them up. They said I was dreaming, although I was definitely awake. I couldn't exactly say that I was awake because i'd been playing games on my phone, so I just told them that I knew I was awake. Anyways, my dad checked upstairs and found nothing. I slept in there, and woke up fine. Then, something else happened. I got out of the shower and there was a string on the floor, straightened out and limp. I looked down at it, and water dripped off of my hair. it fell onto the string, and it immediately formed the capital letter 'L'. I was freaked out, so I let more water drip on it. A lowercase 'e'. Then more, a lowercase f, and then finally, a lowercase t. Left. I didn't connect the dots at first, but then it hit me. The girl had turned left last night. Left. I am typing this the afternoon after the morning that this happened, so I'm kind of still terrified. #ImmaCloseMyDoorTonight. Anyways, there's more details, but that's the basic summary. Just didn't want to type it all. I couldn't make this up, so I'm telling the truth. Help me... \*nervous laughter\*.