Somewhere in the northwest region of  Arizona, there is a cave. When walking through the cave, at some point, you will reach the breakpoint of reality. When reaching the breakpoint, your soul and mind travel to a different reality. No one knows exactly where the exact location of the cave is because all phones and modern technology power off when close to the cave. I had a close friend named Fredrick Ashford who was my neighbor in Glendale. We didn't believe the rumors so my big brother drove us to the supposed area and helped us look for the cave. We couldn't find it, so we were convinced the cave did not exist. Two days later, my brother showed me where another person went missing around the area and the reward for her finding was $500. Fredrick and I wanted to see the cave and possibly find the girl so we asked my brother to drive us there once more. This time though, we were lucky. The cave entrance was in the shape of a semi-circle with lots of plants grown up around it. The entire floor of the cave was about an inch deep in water, but I had no idea where the water was coming from since there were no nearby rivers and it hadn't rained in a week or two. Fredrick was a very enthusiastic, geeky type of guy. He was so amazed by the cave he couldn't wait to keep going when my brother and I wanted to stop. Fredrick was well ahead of us the entire time. We reached about a fifteen-foot drop-off and wondered how Fredrick had gotten down so easily. After a few minutes of careful climbing, we made it to the bottom. And there was Fredrick, staring at us with blank eyes and an eerie smile that I had never seen him pull before. He seemed a little bit taller and I knew something was off.  He wanted to keep going but I said I was tired and ready to go home. Fredrick stopped smiling. He then seemed somewhat angry before forcing another smile. "C'mon it's so cool dude," he said. That was the first time I had ever heard him say 'dude'. I then began to walk away before he grabbed my hand with a tight, violent grip and pulled me forward before I pushed him off of me. Now he was mad. My brother and I ran as fast as we could toward the exit without looking back. Once we got in his truck we turned towards the entrance and saw Fredrick standing there, along with hundreds of other kids and adults who I recognized from the "missing" posters.  I reached for an old camera my brother had in the backseat and took a quick picture to try and capture the image of all the people standing there. As soon as I snapped the picture my brother quickly sped away. There was too much going on inside my head to even think about looking at the picture. Three weeks later, my brother and I moved to California. I am now 15 years old and my brother is 22 and married. Yesterday I was looking through some old things in a box I never unpacked for some reason when we moved here. I found the camera and started to remember the past events. I looked at the only picture it had on it. And this is what I saw.