This happened yesterday. I was out with my cousin (N) and my friend (J). J and I are 16 N is 17. N just asked us if we wanted to go driving and of course we got out and just goofed around listening to music driving around town. We had been out for a few hours and decided we wanted checkers so we pulled in. Checkers in my town is connected to a small plaza parking lot and when we pulled in we saw a guy from our school sitting there. I was aquatinted with this guy and J and N both thought he was hot, I didn’t but we decided after we ordered to pull up next to him and say hi. I laughed it off thought it was kinda dumb but summers starting it’s time to do silly shit. N parked and J and I got out of the car since N didn’t want anything she stayed. Idk if all checkers are like this but the platform you order on is connected to a crosswalk where you have to pass in front of the drive through. J was in front of me and I was following behind her and we passed in front of a car that had 3 guys in it and heard them yell “damn look at that ass” referring to J as she was ahead of me and then “hey that one is cute” referring to me. I was unsettled but acted like I didn’t hear anything. We got to the platform and kinda made eyes to each other making sure we both heard the same thing and we did. We laughed it off not because it was funny but rather it’s uncomfortable and kinda just strange that it happened. I started telling the lady at the window my order and J tapped me and said “Bella” I looked over and the car that was just in the drive through parked in clear view of us. One of the younger guys got out of the car and walked up to the window beside us while j and I were waiting for our order and ordered something small and stared at us the entire time he was waiting for whatever he ordered. J and I were waiting for milkshakes and his order came out faster than ours so he went back to his car. When we got our shakes we both kept calm and walked back to our car not wanting to draw attention by running but when we got out of their line of sight behind other cars we booked it. I told N what happened since she was waiting in the car and we didn’t know exactly what to do. They knew what we were driving since they were in the drive through when we parked so I told N just continue with the plan and pull up beside that guy from our school and I’d explain what happened so we didn’t look like three teenage girls by ourselves. Unfortunately as soon as we pulled up beside him he backed out and left. (He probably thinks we’re crazy bc I was looking at him the whole time we were up there ordering planning what we were gonna do). We all were like “well shit” and we saw the cars lights turn on before we put it in park. So we’re freaking out like “are they about to follow us” when we parked it they turned the car back off and I was really uneasy my gut had an awful feeling. Their car door opened and I grabbed my pocket knife and J had pepper spray. They closed the door back thankfully because I thought they were coming towards us. So I looked at N and told her to fucking gun it out of there and she did just that. We had already planned on going home after that so the whole ride home we were all just silent. When J and I got to my house we were just like what the fuck just happened. She went home not long after that and I wasn’t panicking or freaking out I was fine I was just kind of unsettled. It was surreal because if you’ve heard the stories of girls who’ve been raped or kidnapped, etc. a lot of them start along those lines. To be completely fair one of the things that ran through my head is “am I about to be a statistic or the next girl on the news”. It was just honestly shocking. Luckily it course nothing happened and you can say what you want with me assuming the worst but people who are confident enough to say stuff like that are often times confident enough to act on it and if they aren’t they eventually work up to it. Stay safe everyone.