it's been over 10 years i feel it's finally time to share this cringe that has never left me.  in college i was the kinda kid who smoked weed and got ridiculously high after a few hits. like can barely communicate kind of high.  just mumble and eat snacks.  i don't smoke anymore (alcohol and drug recovery since 2014) and honestly was never a huge fan of weed...i was a drinker.  but in college i liked doing most any drug.  cut to summer of 2009 and i stay in my college town instead of going home.  was kind of a weird time because i was only working part time and wasn't taking classes so i was bored a lot.  this kid who was part of my friend group hits me up and asks if i want to go chill by the pool with his friends.  fuck it why not.  didn't know this kid too well but i was bored and it was hot (he later when to jail for trafficking marijuana lol rip)...  so im chillin in this above ground pool with these 5 bros at this kid's moms house and this jabroni i have no idea who he is puts dave matthews on.  personally i think under the table and dreaming is a brilliant album, but is there anything more bro than 5 white bros in an above ground pool, no one is talking, just listening to dave matthews.  it's super fucking awkward.  then the main jabrone says we should smoke in his closet by the pool.  so we light up and are passing the bowl and im getting nervous anxious high after 2 hits per usual.  these kids are giving me weird vibes.  i wanna crack a joke or say something but idk what the fuck to say.  im giggling to myself thinking of stupid shit in my head when the jabroni whose house it is looks up with watering eyes and says... guys i gotta tell you something... my grandma died.... and i immediately blurt out oh no0o0o your grandma was so cool i loved her.  i didn't even think.  i just wanted to make a joke so badly it just came out.  everyone looks at me like bro wut you say?!?????.  i feel like a pos.  my eyes starting watering up a little cause i feel bad.  i just say sorry man that was a weird thing to say.  and thank god he just ignored me instead of starting shit.  i still think about it sometimes and hate myself.