I've been playing with my friend group for about a few years. I wouldn't say that we are experts at D&D but we do know the basic mechanics and we are able to have a lot of fun while playing it. This story takes place in my most previous session. Me and 3 other of my friends were in this session. The DM, the rogue, a barbarian, and a bard, also me as a paladin. Our party had managed to defeat an encampment of goblins who had been robbing a well known trade route. we previously had one goblin tied up in our transportation from an earlier scuffle that took place further from the encampment. (also this session took place over a discord call) We were all basically healing up and such from our victory, I was carrying our unconscious barbarian, and a goblin that i had taken prisoner to get more information on other goblin encampments. Our rogue offers to go retrieve our transportation while I attempt to give medical aid to the barbarian. The problem started when the rogue reached the cart, (his character doesn't believe that the law is fair, and that being a good person trumps all) he decided to cut the goblins ropes (the previous one we left behind) and let him run free. Out of game I had no problems with it, but I also knew that my character wouldn't. The rogue returns and doesn't say anything about the goblin, so reasonably my character says "Guys.... the goblin is missing" the rogue then says, "Oh yes, when I arrived at the wagon he was already gone". My character notices that the rope was cut, not untied. "How did he manage to cut his rope, if his hands and feet were restrained" the rogue brushed it off saying something like "maybe another goblin came, and freed him". My character thought this was fishy, but decided not to question further. After a little bit of time the party sets off at around the 12 to 2 am. the rogue offers to ride the wagon while we sleep. My paladin (since he thinks that something is afoot) tells the rogue that he will drive the wagon, but they can take shifts since the other two party member weren't in the best condition. after my shift ends I make a plan, my paladin had a strange feeling that this goblin that we had captured might try to escape. so I hog tied the goblin, to my characters right wrist. I woke up the rogue, and I went to sleep with the goblin tied to my paladin. As soon as I was asleep the rogue comes over to the paladin, and prods at the rope with his sword ( I think he was testing to see if i had placed a spell over it or something ). Once he is satisfied that the rope is safe. He takes out a small oil lamp and attempts to singe the rope, all while making multiple stealth checks to avoid waking my paladin. the rope breaks he wakes the goblin putting his hand over its mouth to prevent it from waking up the rest of the party. He lifts the goblin by the rope and exits the card successfully passing another stealth check with a 17 (which i thought he might've been fudging his roles, but i'll give him the benefit of doubt). He then says "I take the goblin 15 feet away from the car to-". I say "as soon as he and the goblin are 5 feet way from the wagon my character says "rogue (I obviously said his actual characters name) what are you doing?". Confused the player of the rogue asks the DM "is he awake?". the DM starts laughing uncontrollably, and I start laughing as well. the DM manages to say "He was awake the entire time, he was just pretending to be asleep". I then proceeded to explain that i had pm'd the DM telling him that my paladin was going to pretend to fall asleep and i passed a stealth check so the rogue wouldn't notice. Most of the party members also started laughing and saying things like "It was a sting operation", My paladin then woke the barbarian. They both subdued the rogue and tied him, and the goblin back up. TLDR: Rogue thinks he's sneaky but didn't think that the paladin could outsmart his outsmarting. THE END