These two moments happened in one session of the same campaign. Some backstory, I was playing a in a party as a heavenly shaman with a ranger, a fighter and a homebrewed class that is basically van helsing. We was level 3 I think and those who played the pathfinder shaman class know they are basically useless until level 6 or 7. Some of the characters were debating to keep mine in the party due to lack of use and she was still young. She over hearing, these planned a way for them to 'see' the errors of her ways and how she is an essential asset to the party. She had a fae dragon with whose obvious goal is to pull off the ultimate prank was in. The fae dragon ended end drugged the party up on gnomish ale for them to pass out. I then convinced some passing by rangers, thanks to lucky rolls and one of them being a wood elf, to help of my ruse of them being kidnapped in spiderwebs in the basement and I alone was able to rescue them. Myself and the rangers made scuffling upstairs to sound like fight and went down and 'rescued' them. Once up stairs and not seeing any bodies they question the scenario until I shouted "they went that way! Quick we can catch them!" Which coincidentally lead us to the cave we were sent to investigate to begin with. Once in the cave, we all had to make a perception check which I failed miserably. The Van helsing character succeeded stating there was a huge cave spider above us ready to attack. My character didn't believe him for on moment. She said, "No there isn't I'll prove it" rolled a percentage die to see what random direction I threw the torch. DM then said in disbelief, roll to hit. Natural 20. Roll for damage. Max damage. Stunned the DM makes a DeX roll to see if the spider fell. Nat 1. Rolls for damage. Max damage. KO'd the spider in one hit. In short, there's a spider! I dont believe you watch! Cave spider falls to its death beside shaman. "Oh I guess there really was a spider" needless to say, she felt she proved herself fairly well that session.