Allow me to provide context, for a campaign, my friend, the dm, made a load of random character sheets for us to pick from. I got a druid who's character sheet was 7 PAGES LONG due to all the spells he could cast, most of our group is autistic in some way so this wasn’t much of a surprise. We started at the top of a mountain with an encounter with 3 yetis. It was at this point I noticed I had tinker tools and had an idea, i will only use tinker tools to piss him off as i have all these spells. Whats the first thing I somehow create.... if you guessed a small gun, then you’d be absolutely wrong. I made a Pentadrone, yes, you read that right, a Pentadrone. The plan was to get the pentadrone to stick 2 of its tentacles into a yeti and tear it in half, Mortal Kombat style. Well guess what, i rolled badly, not a 1 but close. What happened next was something not even a beholder could see coming. The pentadrone turned, walked behind my character and tunnelled its way up my character’s behind. Yes, you read that right. Anyway, my character passed out and had to be carried to the town we were heading to. Once there, my character awoke to see a sign that that said ‘no magic, no weapons, no fighting’ as well as a the police trying to restrain a minotaur. We split up to try and help the police take the minotaur down. My idea was a strange one, hide in a shop, give my long sword and scimitar to the Pentadrone and get it to craft a swarm of mechanical locusts from them to hopefully strip the flesh from the minotaur without breaking the 3 rules of this village. Again, I rolled low, the locusts ate their way out of my characters back and completely avoided the minotaur, instead opting to attack our party’s dwarf who was in a cheese shop and trying to join a group of dwarven revolutionaries. After that session, the DM approached me and asked if I wanted to change my class to an Artificer as that was what i seemed to be acting more like, naturally, i said yes, i love building things so an Artificer seemed like the perfect class. Later in the campaign, i used the Pentadrone, now known as Patrick, to make a light crossbow to kill a Grick in the sewer we were exploring and used Patrick's ability to release his tentacles to pick up and split a zombie monk in half. All in all, perhaps the most fun I’ve ever had playing D&D. But do you know what perhaps the best of all this was? It was the fact that my character was a 3 and a half foot Gnome and Patrick was about double that. I don’t think any official explanation was offered as to how my character didn’t get turned into mulch but i feel that the Pentadrone cracked a hole in space-time and was just sticking his tentacles out every time his crafting skills were needed, it just so happened that this crack was already within a crack.