I was diagnosed with Ulcertive Colitis a few years ago. Until this year, I feel like despite the diagnosis that I have been able to live a full life.  I was managing the disease and doing things I enjoy despite the occasional upset stomach and bathroom trips.  I accepted a different job in my home state which is where all the trouble began. Very toxic work environment made me extremely stressed out. I was on Lialda which worked well for me for awhile. For a few months at the new job, my stomach became so bad that I had to get rushed to the ER.  Prednisone worked pretty well but my doctor eventually switched me to Humira which did not work at all. Finally, I got prescribed infusions of Entivyo which have worked well but have put in me a unrecoverable financial situation which my "insurance company."  I figured once I hit my deductible that the rest should be covered but my insurance claims to pay 80 percent but not cover the rest of the 20 percent. I figured no problem, I can get on the Entivyo connect savings card program.  Since the Insurance company never put the J code on correctly, they only list the insurance cost as drugs. I have collections hassling me because insurance won't go back to look at it and fix the j code properly.  Because of insurance company mainly, I'm on the hook for 40 grand.  I've tried calling my doctor's office, the hospital where I get my infusions done, and the insurance company multiple times just to get the run around.  Usually, I'm not one to complain about my life circumstances but lately I feel I can't financially recover from this. Sure Entivyo is helping my stomach but doesn't seem worth it with all the financial hassle, wrong j codes and other issues that it has presented. I'm hoping someone out there has been in my situation to help me find a solution out of this mess.  To add on top of it, I get let go from my job and even getting on the Cobra plan is like 900 bucks a month that I can't afford. Plus having to pay student loan, insurance, car payment and other bills.  I feel like I'm trapped with no way out.