So i have a guy friend that I wasn't too into at first, but he would always message me so I had no choice but to talk to him. We have been talking almost every day without fail since November and lets just say, this boy has grown on me. I may have caught feelings, but I don't show them. I playfully flirt and give the odd compliment but nothing too full on. Now, we talk often enough that I will notice right away if something is off. Our main form of communication is Snapchat, and we have had a snapstreak since the first day we met. I thought he may be into me because I hear he never shuts up about me with his friends and hypes me up a lot. Anyway, a few days ago, we were talking about just random stuff and he was taking a while to reply, so I went to sleep. I realised in the morning that he hadn't even replied to me. I thought nothing of it and sent my usual snapstreak. Once again, left on read. So I brushed this off and sent another one around 12 hours later just to make sure he was getting my messages and once again, he left me on read. A little bothered, I just brushed it off again and went on with my evening. I get a message from him at 3am with just a black screen with an "S" lazily scribbled in the middle. Now usually when he sends snapstreaks, he'll send a selfie every single time without fail so this was very out of  character behaviour for him. As usual, I brush it off and go to bed. The next morning, I send my snapstreak but its the exact same thing. Radio silence. Like last time, I send another one 12 hours later and yet again, he opens it and sends nothing. Considering we talk every day, this abrupt silent treatment isn't sitting right with me and is making me feel stressed. I recall leaving him on read once when he was at a social gathering and he asked why I did it, so why has he all of a sudden decided I'm not even worth replying to? I have no idea what I did to push him away. I was never too overbearing and I've been nothing short of lovely to that boy. We are close friends so this doesn't make any sense. He still watches my Snapchat stories and his snapscore keeps going up, so why cant he send even a blank screen message? I know this sounds stupid to get worked up about, but i feel hurt. If he doesn't want to talk, couldn't he just tell me?