ah so this is a bit of a long story so if u manage to read the whole thing then - thanks ! so it started off as me being mildly attracted to him , i didn't think anything of it really . i didn't think he would feel the same as it's never happened to me . but we started talking more and hanging out together. like outside of school . our first date was to a cat cafe. at the moment we were just going as friends so i didn't think of it as a date just because i didn't know what he wanted it to be considered if that makes sense ? but we went , and we explored the downtown area. it was possibly the best time i've ever had . we held hands and he would lean on my shoulders and stuff like that. he even bought me a cat plushie from the cat cafe ! that beloved kitty sleeps right next to my head every night . i love it. i loved every moment of that date . honestly. we explored so many things and even found a little garden . it even had a little pond with fish in it !!! he hugged me and held my hand so much that day . i still think about it to this day. i still wasn't sure if he liked me or not. so i kept talking and hanging out with him as friends . our next date was to target (a little odd i know ) and the same thing happened. we held hands , hugged, and explored what other stores there were. there was one point where we were in party city. i hadn't had my first kiss. he knew this. and he's also had experience with dating. while i've never dated nor kissed anyone at the time. he was talking about how i was a chicken for never straight up telling someone that i wanted to kiss. let me tell u , i was about to tell him right in that moment that i wanted to kiss him. but didn't . but we stood and made eye contact . it drove me crazy. later that day, after we said our goodbyes , i got a sudden bolt of energy. i decided that was the right time to stop being a chicken. i told him that i liked him. he just laughed and said he knew it . i was relieved. i wanted it was obvious as i wanted my actions to speak for me . the next day he told me that he liked me too and my heart jumped. i was very hesitant with trying to decide if he liked me or not. i was doubtful. but he said it . and i was so happy . this had never happened to me . we didn't know what to do. so we were just staying as friends for the moment. but two days later we started dating. and i couldn't be happier. he's my first relationship, my first kiss, and the first person that i've fallen in love with. and i couldn't be happier with him . seriously. he's changed my life in the best ways . i truly love that poopoo head. he's made me happier with myself, my life, and i just feel content. so moral of the story is that : it is possible. just go for it !! ask him or her out ! tell them u like them ! i did and i'm so happy !