So my ex-girlfriend of two years and I had broken up mutually at the end of senior year to take a break since we were about to go to different universities. I still really liked her though and not being her boyfriend made me realize how much I appreciated her in my life but unfortunately I think her reasons for breaking up with me were deeper than mine because after a long stretch of months where she was debating how she felt (she said she still felt she loved me but the distance was hard) she told me that she was talking to someone new. It really hurt me but it’s life and she was really nice through it all and still is. Regardless, I was really depressed and bummed and eventually I decided to stop sulking and try to give this romance thing another shot. First, I downloaded some apps and I met someone on Bumble. We Netflix and chilled and it was pretty fun and risqué I must say and she seemed super into me. We kept talking for a bit more and even though I didn’t really like her necessarily, she made me excited to see her. HOWEVER, I think I made the mistake of getting too jiggy with it the first time so she thinks we have a FWB thing going. Because a week after we hung out I asked her to hang out again and she said she would but SHE WAS SEEING SOMEONE. And it had only been a week! Anyway, that fizzled out so I started talking to this girl who went to my same high school. She’s really pretty and she has a lovely voice and is amazing at illustration (I’m an artist too so I thought that was especially neat). The conversations for the first few days were really fun and long and she seemed into me and even agreed to a date next time I was in town (I live in Sacramento and was there for a weekend but I go to school in Santa Barbara)! I was busy for a few days with school and told her so and then when I started texting her again, her enthusiasm level was entirely different. I thought it was weird bc things were so nice when we last talked but now she flirts between being excited and rly bored other times. THEN, I saw on her finsta that she posted about when you “randomly begin to notice how cute and sweet someone is” and how she’s smitten with a new hunk and uhhhh, it’s definitely not me. I’m not sure what to do, not bc I’m rly offended that she likes someone else but bc we still technically have a date planned in like 2 weeks when I’m back for break. Should I just call off the date since I was kind of hoping for something more romantic and she’s into someone else? She never indicated that she liked me but I made it obvious that I thought she was gorgeous and wanted to get to know her better and she talked about wanting to cuddle and how excited she was for the date. Idk 🤷🏽‍♂️ just gave me good vibes but maybe she just suddenly caught feelings for someone in her life. Sucks bc I was starting to develop a crush for her. Anyway, just wanted to tell ppl about my sad circumstances but I’m feeling pretty happy despite it all! This love stuff is tough business!! But I’m excited for when I find the one :)