Greetings, fellow Redditors! I have a little problem. I really like someone. We started talking back in 2018, when I was at a very rough spot... But we lived in completely different countries at the time, and I found out she had a boyfriend (which we had never talked about, because we didn't talk about relationships), so I... Ghosted her, I really regret doing that, but it wasn't the right time. A year passed, and we started talking again. She reached out, out of nowhere. And it turned out I had plans to move to where she currently is, so we started talking non-stop since December. We were talking to each other on a daily basis, 24/7. At some point, I asked her if she still was with her boyfriend, to which she said she wasn't, but they were good friends. I didn't think it was weird as she's an amazing girl and would probably want to take care of a person that meant a lot to her. Fast forward to two weeks ago, where I finally moved in very close to her (to pursue a better future, mind you, it was all coincidental) and we finally met in person. We had an incredible date together, we had a ton of fun and that's when my feelings for her started to develop. When the date was over, she told me that I had succeeded her expectations and that she wanted to get to know me better. She wanted to be friends "for now", so I really held myself back! We met a couple more times and it was amazing. Last time we hung out was last Friday, where she introduced me to her friends and we had a blast. But at some point, her ex texts her in the middle of the night and she starts to feel like shit. Her best friend told me that it was because her ex was making her feel bad on purpose and that just shattered me. She even apologized after that night out, when we both arrived home. It was the same guy that made me back away from her two years ago, and now I feel like I'm on the same spot. Difference is, she's single, recently went through a very rough time, and is basically emotionally unavailable right now. She was interested in me, as she called me handsome and interesting, but I'm afraid that her feelings might've changed. Now she addresses me solely as a friend. She texts back pretty late. Whenever I even mention something remotely romantic, she ignores it and changes subject. Of course I won't mention anything regarding my feelings, but I don't know what to do. Should I confront her about it and ask if she's still interested in me (in that way)? Should I just let it go and move on? Or should I just wait to see how things turn out? It's important to mention that she's made me feel things I haven't felt in a very long time in these couple of months. I suffer from a very severe anxiety and this uncertainness is tearing me apart. I feel like I'm going fast but we've known each other for quite a while. We've talked a lot. I was very confident but now I'm not. I'm scared that my anxiety and lack of confidence might scare her off. Is there anything I could do to help my situation?