I’ve been crushing hard on this guy, James, for about two years now. Yeah. *Two years*, which may seem like not alot to some, but I’ve spent two years of my life absolutely enthralled by this person. It started at our school drama night. I’m in the one club, he’s in the other. I perform and then go sit at the front of the auditorium with the rest of my group to watch the other, and this one guy cathes my eye. Not in a “Oh, he’s hot” way, but more in a curious way. Inwatched him closely, but didn’t think much of it for a few days. After that, though, James started catching my eye every so often, then more often, then *often*. He slowly started entruding my thaughts more and more, untill I couldn’t start thinking about him. That was two years ago. He’s a senior now, and I’m not. A grade behind. I get to see him move away and never see him again except for his Instagram posts every three weeks or so. I want to tell him everything, I want to let him know how my heart beats out of my chest when I think of his eyes, his strikingly hazel eyes that seems even more bright and alive from up close; they shine like layers of earthy brown with honey droplets, kissed by gentle rains in the late fall afternoon light. He is one of the most important people in my life, and he’s made me realize that you can hope that no harm comes to someone’s way ever, but also wish him pain because he hurts you even though you love him, and because a heart grows every time it breaks. James is the reason that I struggle with thaughts of self harm some days. Something in me want me to feel physical pain on top of the emotional pain, because the inside of me feels like a dark cave, crumbling, on fire but ice cold at the same time, but the outside feels numb. Some part of me says I deserve the pain. I deserve it because I’m not good enough for him so I’m not good enough at all. To deal with these intense emotions I write. I wanted to write a small little journal about my emotions, kind of like this. But that turned into a multi-thousand page journal, pouring out to the reader all the internal struggles of this hopeless damn crush. I want to tell him that if there was a way, I would sacrifice every second of my happiness my whole life for his. I want to tell him how I would never want to make him sad or break his heart because I know how it feels. I know how it feels to have your heart broken every single day, and how it feels to have a glance at someone and have that make your day and shatter your heart even further every single day. But I can’t. I can’t tell him because he has a girlfriend, and they could realistically last untill he moves away. Plus, he’s arguably one of the most popular guys in school even though I liked him way before he became any type of popular, and I don’t want him blabbering it out to everyone. Why would it be so bad if everyone found out you ask? Because I’m a guy. I’m gay. And I just so happen to be in a school, and a general area, known for homophobia. I’m closeted and I still get harassed because I’m slightly less masculine than some other dudes. But I don’t care about that. Their nasty remarks and petty name calling rolls of me like water off a duck’s back, because I only truly care about what one person thinks of me. James. I try so hard for him to have a good opinion of me aswell. Every day I pick myself apart in the mirror and I tell myself that it’s so that I can look better for him. Even though we barely ever speak. We have spoken in the past, but it doesnt happen often. Once, after we talked, he paused instead of just leaving and looked my in the eye and asked how I was doing in the most genuine way, and that damn well made my week. That was a while ago but I remember *every single* second. I don’t like James anymore. I absolutely fucking love him. If I could, I would say it to him, but I’ve accepted that that’ll probably never happen. Can’t we just be friends? Can’t we be anything more than platonic acquaintances? I just want to be near him, that’s all I want.