Ok, so before I begin on my question I wanna make something clear. I’m probably not going to message this girl, I’m mainly just curious about what sort of genius ideas y’all can come up with. With that being said, time for some context. I’ve had the stupidest crush on this girl for over 2 years. I won’t tell the story tonight but maybe in the future. Let’s just say that there are a few big obstacles that essentially make my window to ever even make a move extremely small and about 4 years from now. With that being said, I would still like to have a conversation with her. Another important thing to know about the backstory is that I’ve only seen her 4 times in the past two years and I haven’t even said a word to her. (see what I meant by stupidest crush?) Now, although striking up a conversation with her is near impossible I still believe a genius mind could make it possible. So, although I probably won’t use them, I’m still very intrigued to see y’all’s ideas. I’m not looking for anything common that you see all the time because we both know what they are and I’m telling you they aren’t good for my situation. I’m looking for something that involves a good excuse to be messaging her, doesn’t bring any suspicion into play, yet still has potential to generate a somewhat decent conversation. Those are the three constraints the solution must meet. I’m thinking the solution could be similar to the following outline... a creative/ low cringe reason for the message that leaves her with some sorta question to answer, the answer to the question will likely be able to generate a more lasting conversation about something random somehow (for example it might provoke a secondary question or maybe it’s strangely and pointlessly controversial to generate a fun and meaningless discussion about just anything that will make it seem so weird that it isn’t that weird) I’m actually becoming more intrigued by this concept as I type it. Hopefully this makes a decent amount of since but if you’re interested in developing a solution I’d like to hear it. I’ll be brainstorming as well. Also, depending on how interested you are, if you feel like knowing some more background information is necessary you can let me know.