Ok so boom, during my freshman year of college, me being broke, I got a job at one of the dining halls. On my first day I met this guy, let’s call him Brian, who I wasn’t attracted to at first but he had a cool tattoo lol. He was from Chinatown in NYC and was a transfer sophomore. We had a great conversation about both  being from New York, our majors, etc. Afterwards I proceeded to plan the wedding of course. Eventually, one boring night on shift we get to talking about movies and I’m like oh shit here’s my chance. I bring up that I’m going to see Black panther with my friends, and he’s like he probably won’t go see it. Feeling pretty shot down, I don’t see him for a while until after February break, and then it happens: The biggest fumble in history. Now to preface my stupidity, I have absolute zero experience with boys much less flirting at this point. When we get back from break, I have a shift with Brian and we get back to our usual banter and soon our lunch break hits. As dining hall staff we get a free meal and usually eat together. To my surprise, Brian asks me if I saw Black Panther after all, my excitement is quickly doused off when he’s like “ Yeah I took someone to see it in NYC over break” Well color me ugly and rejected, WTF. He then continues to emphasize more than once that he went with a girl but I was too dense to notice such subtleties. My friends would later on explain to me that his emphasis might’ve meant something. After lunch we get right on back to talking and towards the end of our shift he asks me over and over again whether I had in fact seen the movie despite me making it very clear earlier that I had. After me, saying yes over and over, he drops it and ends up quitting two weeks later lol. Heartbroken, I recount this to my friends and they nearly knock me over the head and insist that he was trying to work up the courage to maybe ask me out and that I could have helped him. Fast forward to sophomore year, Im walking back from a club meeting and decide to cut through west campus. Brian, who I hadn’t seen in a while, was walking towards the service center with his friends. The wrath of God must have compelled him to turn around and see me heading in the same direction. I’m convinced he won’t recognize me  but he does and smiles and proceeds to hold the door for me and then strikes up conversation . He leaves shortly and I freak out and tell my friends. After FBI level web surfing and coming up with no social media except for a LinkedIn, I have no choice but to leave our love to the winds of fate yet again. Fast forward to Junior year, last fall 2019. Now I would say I had begun dressing a lot better, but a particular Friday night I decide to really Shrek it out in sweats and get super high with my friends. Of course we answer to our munchies and two of us, me and my friend Mel, volunteer to trek out to a nearby cafe which is also connected to one of the gyms on campus. With hazy consciousness, I’m able to spot Brian sitting by the cafe, fresh out the gym. With the confidence of a crack head, I march up to his table and say hi very loudly, he looks up a bit freaked out but answers back. I ask him what he’s doing here, but as soon as he starts talking his words start to melt together and I can only really think about how hungry I am lol. He asks me something but I just have to come clean. I tell him that I have no idea what he’s talking about and that I’m extremely high. He finds this extremely amusing but then asks me if I’m okay, to which I reply yes. He starts talking again but for some reason it just hit me how stupid I must look and in the middle of his sentence I literally say bye and walk away. We go back and with a clearer mind I start to freak out. While my friends think it’s cute, I’m plotting the best time to run 🏃‍♀️ in front of the next campus bus. So I ultimately decide that the next semester, if I ever happened upon Brian again I would confess my feelings  since he’s a senior and graduating in the spring (now). But then of course, corona happened and now I’m typing this in even uglier sweats... Lowkey thinking about adding him on LinkedIn and offering him a position that includes going out with me, but that would be crazy right 🤠