So it will be hard to express this shortly. It's fkn exhausting. So I know this girl since the 5th grade (I'm from Germany), but I got a crush on her after 4 years, but not a really hard one. So at this time she had a crush on me but how she acted turned me off... So I was shy and so I wasn't texting her and doing sth w her. She's beautiful, a bit out of my league and I'm her age but I don't look that masculine. So after 2 years she wasn't interested in me anymore while I startet to get interested in her bc she got even more pretty and handsome, (at this point I was way more confident)so I startet talking to her again but as I was chatting w her it always was cheap ass smalltalk and she put no effort in to keeping the convo going. (side fact in the 8th grade a few friends faked a love letter at valentines day with her signature and I got so angry and so I talked to her and said that if I was crushing on her that wouldn't be nice for me, she just said she's sorry and thought I would find it funny, so after that the whole thing was awkward and I couldn't make any signs without being weird after a year and I still don't know). So back to the present, I'm often flirting with her but don't rly have contact to her, our convos are getting betterbut I'm not the only one and idk if she's just sorry for me and some things that happened or if she's just being nice. She rarely starts talking to me and doesn't text me either. I think she likes me but not the yall say it inthe USA so she "likes me normally". After all what happened I failed when she had a crush on me this whole situation and now she's thinking that I have a crush on her and everything's just stuuupid. I think she's just trying to be kind and she's the kind of person who wouldn't dare to reject you so I don't want to force her I think she just likes me as a friend but I'm afraid do confess to her after all what happened and it's just weird bc we don't rly have contact even though we were in the same grade for 10 years and if u suddenly start flirting with sb it's just a bit obvious. I don't know how to express this right, it's so confusing but I can't live with the fact she doesn't like but I'm always overplaying it and maybe she's expecting me to make a move after what happened but if I start sth she doesn't seem naturally interested and I'm just drowning in sorrow that's cringey but it's different every day, sometimes I don't have the urge to talk to her and don't even feel attracted but these are the days where she seems interested, some days she's just ghosting me and we're just existing. I miss interpret her signs and don't even know ift that are signs I'm so traumatized after all what happened so a rejection would 79879 times as bad for me + she has a best friend she talks with about everything and that friend is OK but I have it easier to talk to her without her friends. I sometimes think she's just keeping the convo going bc she feels sorry for me bc she maybe knows that I'm into her and doesn't want me to be sad. Sorry for repeating dozens of times but I need some serious advice which maybe isn't "let her go it's the best". Puuuuh