I literally can't tell what she feels for me. Some days she looks like she might be interested, but some days she looks totally disinterested. Recently, I feel that she likes me just as a friend. So, it all starts from September, the moment when we met. I thought she was beautiful and a very cool person to talk with, she looked like my type. After we got to know each other I started to like her. I invited her to a movie, she said yes, but we couldn't go anymore due to the schedule of the movies that changed. We have been together at a prom. When we went outside for a bit I gave her my jacket because she was freezing. She thanked me and said that I am looking very good. We danced a bit at the end of the prom. At the beginning of this year I took her on a kind of date. It didn't go very well because the Café we wanted to go was apparently closed and after we took a walk in the park I confessed that I liked her and she appreciated that I told her but she had not long ago a broke up and haven't moved on entirely. We continued to talk and looked like it's getting better. I felt like she became more interested: she started to text me more and often and is first to write, she gave me her number without asking for it, we started to tease each other more often, she started to break a bit the touch barrier and I observed her friend started to tease me and my crush when we are together too. She always says yes when I ask her after school if we can go togheter by foot home. Some weeks ago we were both ill. We asked each other every day how are we felling. She was very happy and delighted that I was taking care of her. She went to another prom with one of her friends and asked me what should she wear. From there, one of her friends send me a selfie with them and said that "Y(my crushes name) kisses you 😘". I said that I kiss her too. Next day I asked her how it was at the prom. I told her that she looked very good there and I think she always looks very good. She said that I am crazy(in a good way, I hope xD). This week I bought for her some flowers and chocolate. Unfortunately, she was very busy these days and I didn't want to be so pushy or to give many information as I wanted to be a surprise. I couldn't give her these things. I insisted to meet just a bit after school but she was occupied so I texted her and told what I wanted to give to her and said that's a very cute act from me and thanked me very much. Next day I came to school with the chocolate and with one cute small flower made by soap that my mom bought recently. She thanked me very much and said that it wasn't necessary, that she is very happy enough as long as I am with her. I asked her if she likes it and said if it's from me it's clearly that she likes it. I asked a friend of her if my crush has a boyfriend and she said no, after that I asked her if she has a crush and said she doesn't know, but said she might know something but she can't say. She asked me some weeks ago if she should shorten her hair and I said she would look good. 3 days ago my crush sent me a photo with her and the new haircut and I said she looks gorgeous. Does she like me? I am kinda confused as she seems disinterested sometimes when I talk to her and our conversations get very awkward. She never come to me to talk in school, I always come to her. She doesn't usually want to hug me, just 2 times I think and when I want to hug her I feel some awkwardness from her. Any advice or opinion is very appreciated.