Okay, so I'm trying to explain everything as short and straightforward as possible. I developed a huge crush on a girl during the last two years of Highschool. I realized around the time I came to terms with not being straight (I'm also a girl and she's also queer - not that important, but maybe good to know). We sat next to each other in a class I didn't like that much and I suspected something was happening when I began to look forward to that class because I enjoyed being next to and doing exercises together with her so much. We weren't sitting next to each other anymore the following year but talked nearly daily because we still had many classes together. She sometimes complimented things I was wearing, my new hairstyle, stuff like that and was always very playful when we talked. She also asked me if I wanted to dance with her twice in different settings and all of that seems like she could be into me as well but it could also simply be the way she is with everybody - very open, nice and confident. The problem is that I never told her how I was feeling and it's now been nearly a year since we graduated. We've only seen each other twice after that, both in the last three months, the first time I asked her to come over to watch a movie together and the second time we met randomly for like a minute or two on the street. I moved away to university right after graduation, that's why I'm not here that much anymore, although quite frequently. My original plan was to ask her if she finally wanted to go to the thing we always wanted to go to together and never did during my holidays and "confess" to her afterwards, but then the whole lockdown situation happened. I'm thinking about telling her though text that I have some sorts of feelings for her without any expectations - we really don't know each other well enough, I'm not sure how deep my own feelings are and I just want to get it off my chest. I know that it would be better to tell her personally but that's not really an option at the moment and I want to tell her so badly because I've been thinking about it too much for so long. Another problem is that we never texted that much (because we saw each other in school everyday) and I would feel very awkward to text her randomly, but I guess I have to be bold enough to do it nonetheless. This sounds like I'm very close to doing it, but I think I'm still too anxious. How does this whole situation sound, should I finally tell her to be able to get over it or shouldn't I? Probably nobody will respond to all the stuff I just wrote anyway, but I wanted to try to get some opinions from people that aren't biased by knowing me and her personally. English isn't my first language and I hope it's not too bad in this post. Any advice, opinions and thoughts would be highly appreciated.