We have met last year on September. We are classmates. From the first time we've talked I've felt that I might end up liking her. I guess my premonition was true due to the fact that I am writing this here. We get along great. We tease each other very often, every single day almost. She laughs at most of my jokes, sometimes I don't say something so funny but she still laughs. She compliments me sometimes. At a prom on December she said that I'm looking very good, a week ago said that she likes my hair, she likes pretty much all my photos with me. In October we wanted to see a movie at the cinema but we couldn't go anymore. At the beginning of January I've invited her to a Café. She said she would want to come with me and we've met at that day. The Café was closed unfortunately but we had a decent time walking in the park. After 2 hours I confessed that I like her (maybe not the right time), but the response wasn't the one that I expected. She said that recently had a broke-up and hasn't moved on entirely. It was a bit weird that I was thinking that I received signs from her while she apparently had a relationship(which I think it didn't last so long). I understood her decision and I thought it was a good one. After that she said that she appreciated that I confessed what my feelings are for her. After 3 days my birthday came and I got a message from her where she congratulated me and said that I should be more confident in myself because I am a very cute and great guy. From there days have passed and I think some things changed. Now she writes me more often, every single day almost, and she is first to write. She sends me cute photos with animals. We started to tease more often. I think now she fells more comfortable to talk with me. She wanted to hug me for the first time last week. Her friend said quietly "I smell love" when she walked past me and my crush at the computer lab, where me and her stay at the same bench. I don't know what to say. Is she starting to like me, or I am crazy?