I've (F) been crushing on a friend (M). We were watching a movie and drinking a bit. Next thing you know, later that night we are holding hands, then heavy make out and petting.. I think he tried to initiate sex? He tried pulling my pants off and I said no. He said he respected that followed by us kissing, him spooning me and being very vulnerable with his words. Like, saying sweet things and opening up to me. Telling me my hair is so soft and bringing up conversations we've had the past couple months. We have been friends for years (maybe about 10). The next day we barely texted, we did speak a bit too then 2 days later I asked to hangout to possibly see if anything came out of this? So he drove to my town to hangout for 2 hours. In conversation he said he's a very shy and insecure guy and drinking makes him loosen up. I even initiated holding his hand a bit but that didn't go anywhere. He said bye and went on his way. We'd chit chat a bit over the week. I tried to initiate another day to hangout but he declined the night I wanted to hangout. I was pretty sad. After that movie night I was happy thinking it may have gone in my favor? He still likes my pictures and views my stories, so he's not ignoring or "ghosting" me. Sometimes he'll send me memes. If I had to describe his personality, I'd say geeky guy. Since he declined the last hangout I decided I'd leave it up to him now. But now I'm tied between "is he too shy to initiate like he said he was insecure" "or did he regret it all and is just trying to remain the basic friends that we were?" He does not strike me as someone who would use somebody but I would hate that because we are friends. Go do that with somebody you haven't known for years? Would he really Want to risk a friendship? I could be overreacting. I tried to hangout like 10 days ago. Since then I've let it go. We've talked a bit online since then but I think we are both just shy and insecure to bring up that night . I have feelings and emotions, so it's hard for me to finally have that moment with my crush and then it doesn't follow as I had hoped for.