Okay so I’m actually moving to Socal (Southern California) as soon as this semester ends. A week before midterms I started talking to this one guy. I randomly noticed he was on my Snapchat and didn’t recall ever adding him or anything. So being the curious lil shit I am, I decided to message him. I asked who he was and he replied with his name and that he went to ******** high school (I’d rather not say specifically). Coincidentally, that was the school I was moving to. We started to talk more and more and both started to find interest in each other but didn’t want things to escalate until I had moved. It didn’t last long and apparently he needed time to work on himself. I told him okay, I’ll give you time to get through whatever you’re going through and that once he’s ready I’ll be there for him (we planned on not talking at all till he was okay). A week later he texted me saying “hey, how are ya. One week check up. I kinda miss talking to you.” Long story short, he confessed to a girl he liked back in 8th grade who he also confessed to back then but got rejected both times, I didn’t know about this till a week later once he told me this girl had confessed to liking him. Fast forward a few weeks, we talk for a day, become friends again, then don’t text for weeks. Fast forward another month or two. I text him asking if he wanted to talk. He said he was making a tiktok (it got like 36k views?) and finishing up a paragraph summary. I tell him okay just text me when you’re free. I shit you not, he texts me a week later saying “hey, what was it you wanted to talk about. I’m so sorry I was really busy” yada yada yada. After talking to him I could tell he changed a little bit and was a tiiinnnnyyyyy but more mature. He told him he doesn’t have a will to get up in the mornings anymore along with some other things. He says he misses talking to me and that he wants to talk like before. I ask him talk how as in as friends~ as two people wanting to see where it goes~ lovers~ and he says everything. We talk for a few minutes and this dude says “I’m gunna be honest. High school relationships are dumb and I’m only looking for fwb” he knows I would never agree to that so we settle on being friends. However he said that we’ll see where it goes when he is fine with a relationship? I simply told him that I can’t wait for him yada yada. Anyways :) thanks for reading. I’ll probably post again to say what happens in a few months who knows.