So I’m currently in college, and I started talking to this guy in my math class. He seemed really cool so I asked him to do a study session with me for our midterm and alas, we didn’t do much studying, but we seemed to really hit it off. We had so much in common, and it felt like he was really engaged and understanding when he was talking to me. He even said at the end that he thought I was cool and he’s glad I asked him to get together because he doesn’t get to really meet people in his classes. I asked him on a second study session, and he agreed seemingly with full enthusiasm, but sent me a text 5 minutes before we were supposed to meet and gave me some clearly false excuses why he couldn’t make it. I decided to give him another chance after that and we went on more study sessions and they went just as great as the first one and I was back to liking him and he almost seemed like he liked me too, but he was really different when we weren’t in person. He never talked to me outside of school even though I had his Snapchat, he refused to give me his phone number when I asked him for it even weeks after we knew each other, and when I asked him to hang out outside of school, he would always say he’d love too and he’d “let me know” but never followed through. Fast forward, it may have been too soon, but I just decided to rip the bandage off and tell him I really liked him after getting to know him, and he politely turned me down and said he liked me as a friend and that he just got out of a relationship. I was okay with that and understood, but I asked him again if we could still study together once in a while and he just said “I don’t know I’m gonna be pretty busy” which was super vague. I just kind of got tired of him giving me these wishy-washy answers and straight up told him that he needs to tell if something’s wrong because i just didn’t think it was fair that i just had to accept his excuses. He switched up super quickly and said “I’m going through a shitty time right now and I don’t want a friend” and then he unadded me and unfriended me on SNS. I just wanted clarity because that’s all he left me on, so I DMed him and asked him if he could tell my why he wanted to cut me out of his life so suddenly because he said he genuinely enjoyed being friends before, but he immediately blocked me on everything instead of answering me back. I just can’t read him, his whole story doesn’t add up to me and I don’t know if I should wait until I see him next to ask him(and that’s a long time from now; not until next semester) or if I should just give up on him. I really liked him and I’m just so disappointed to let go of him so soon, but i really don’t understand what’s going on with him.