So Thursday, me and my friend/crush were in class together and all of a sudden h asks if I like him. I was like oh crap he found out but all I said was No dude you're wayyy too annoying (as a joke, that's how we play around). And he said damnnn. A few minutes or seconds later he asked if I would go out with him and again, since he was prolly just playing around, nO dude. He comes up with the great idea of pretending to date to prank this one guy we both know who used to like me.. Lowkey reminded me of a To All the Boys I've Loved Before type of situation😂. But we pranked that guy and we were talking and joking about it all day at school on Friday. Also on Friday he asked if I liked him again, which I thought was kinda weird since he asked me the day before. Just like Thursday, I said no again. A bit later u pulled out a gum packet and got some gum for myself and my other friend and decided to give some to him as well. When I gave him the gum he was all like, see you definitely like me. And ofc I kept denying it and wtvr. Fast-forward to Friday night. I get a snap from him saying something along the lines of, Over this year Ive started to kinda like you. I was really surprised/confused at first and I kinda thought he was playing a prank on me. I kept saying stuff like your playing on me right? and deadass?. He kept replying with on god and fr. I asked "how could I believe you?" he said you don't have to believe me but I just wanted to tell you. Left him on open for a bit tryna to figure out what to send him and ended up sending a meme saying "I don't know want to leave you on open but I don't know how to respond to that"😳. After leaving me on open for 40 minutes he replies with Jk it was a joke. I played it off like I knew all along but I still didn't really believe him. My friend convince me to text him saying him this> kinda sucks tho cause i was lowkey catching feelings but we aren’t gonna talk about it now 😌. I fell asleep and woke up to the snap being left opened for 9hrs. I kinda regretted it so I decided to say jp i wanted to see if you would fall for that but ur fkn lame and didnt respond😔. he just responded with a 😂. Honestly still don't know if he likes me or if he was actually just joking. I sit right next to him in class and I really hope it won't be awkward on Monday. Sorry this post was so long! I'll update you guys with what happens and if anything happens!