I am native and I’ve lived at an Arizona reservation my whole life, we’re Tohona O’odham. The creature that I am talking about is the Estakwvnayv, it’s extremely dangerous and actively hunts people because it usually lives in areas with prey items that aren’t large enough to sustain it. My grandfather took a search party to find it after a child went missing and was later found washed up at the mouth of a river cave system. Apparently these things are still around but they’re a lot smaller than their descendants which is why they stick to eating deer and large fish now. This explains why there are no more people being reported missing at the reservation after they’ve gone fishing or swimming. When I was about 9, my father took me fishing at one of the Tohona nation rivers and he pointed out this huge black silhouette moving through the lake, once we got closer to it I could definitely tell that it was a snake, it looked like a fully grown Burmese python but it’s girth was huge, around 4 feet in girth and about 30 ft long according to my dad. My dad explained that it was the Estakwvnayv (Horned Serpent) and that I shouldn’t talk about it or it’ll come for me at night, later on my grandfather told me about his search party story from the 70’s. Today, I’m a grad student and Apprentice Biologist for The University of West Virginia. I’ve been trying to find someone that knows about the creature for years, and I’ve even asked several professors if it’s a known species and nobody could ever identify it. My best guess is that it is a large amphibious python (Like an anaconda but way larger) that hasn’t been recognized by modern science yet. My second guess is that it’s an “extinct” cousin of modern pythons that didn’t die out and somehow survived and evolved around native reserves due to almost every reserve being very remote, and river cave systems are the perfect place for a large predator so it makes sense. Lastly, The horns on its head were more like bony protrusions like a Rhino viper, which is most likely used for defense. Please respond with any other info because I’m really trying to figure this out.