 So I am currently a first year student at university in the Midwest. I was recently caught for cheating on two assignments. These are typical weekly assignments we have, but they are large, all of them being worth a total of 50% of our final grade. I was working on the first one and needed help with a specific function, so I looked up how to do it. What did I find? I found the exact same assignment online. So what did I do? I was foolish and I copied some code and the basic framework for my assignment and submitted it. I received no warning after that. After I did the same for my second assignment (even more foolish), I got caught. I spoke to my professor and he said he was glad I owned up to my mistakes, but he was still required to report it to the academic integrity council at the university. I regretted my decisions when I went through with what I did and I regret them now. If I receive a failing grade in the course, I get kicked out of my honors program and lose the scholarship money I earn from that program. What do I do now? The final verdict is in the hands of the council. My university's policy is that for the first offense it's a failing assignment, and for the second it's a failing grade in the course. I don't know whether this would be considered one offense since they're being reported at the same time, or two offenses, and I don't know the severity of this. What do I do? Is it the end for me? I can't tell my parents because they would severely punish me, but when I get the final verdict I'll have to tell them. I've always been a student who follows all the rules to the max, and I got desperate and cheated. I don't know how much of this I can handle, I keep panicking and my heart rate is constantly at 130bpm. If I could take back anything I've ever done, it would be what I did for these assignments. I wish I hadn't done what I did, but I did it and I have to suffer the consequences. Are there any tips on what I could do or say to potentially get my potential punishment lessened? I definitely deserve a failing grade on the assignments, but I know I'd never make this mistake again, and I would never again do anything to deserve failing the course or maybe even getting kicked out of the university.