So me and my wife have been together for 10 years and have always talked about bringing another guy in to fuck her. Well we finally did with our roommate and his dick was huge but she didn't seem to be able to enjoy very much 1 because he was done in 5 mins and 2 my dick was in her mouth. But she said it was fun. But then he decided he was allowed to just come into our room and pretty much strip my wife and fuck her. I stopped him in his tracks and let him know he's not all that and I make the rules. Well he saw this as challenge so he bet me he could make my wife cum more times than me which based on his last performance would be once.  I'm usually able to get her to cum 2 to 3 times so I said hell yeah what's the stakes. He said the winner gets to make the rules in conjunction with my wife on all sex in the house. So if I win I get to choose when I want to bring him in and he could no longer just assume the screw.  But if I lost he could bang my wife any time he wanted.  I accept on the condition I get to go first and we get started.  I felt a bit weird having him watch me but I still was able to make her cum 5 times so I was pretty excited knowing 7 or 8 is the most I've ever gotten out of her.  I was so wrong to think id won. He one by no contest as we lost count. She covered his dick with so much thick cream and soaked our bed from her squirting which I've never been able to make her do. I knew I was beaten but him still fucking her for coming up on an hr now had to run it in and asked her who fucks you better she hesitated and I told her it's ok. He asked her so who wins and she confirmed her won by a landslide.  He started talking about cumming in her which said no to immediately.  My wife is not on birth control because I had a vasectomy so cumming in her is out of the question.  He asked her who's pussy it was and she moaned that it was his pussy.  He smiled and said he was going to burry his load deep in her then and so he did. I was horrified but also very aroused and was eager to fuck her even if it was sloppy seconds.  He stopped me and said I wasn't allowed to without his permission.  All I could say was please now realizing how doomed I am.  He said I could but I had to clean her first. My wife kinda feels bad but at the same time he doesn't really give her time to because he fucks her at least 4 times a day sometimes way more. Im afraid it's too late now but I think I kinda enjoy it. I'll still fuck her when he's not around but sry just has to vent some.