First of all I asked for this. Was with wifey forever and somehow developed a  fetish to watch her with another man. Finally we were out and we chose a man. We never told our friends and one of my buddys come up to me told me buddy was rubbing up on her but he didnt know our intentions. So finally we chose him and left to his house in a cab. As soon as my wife got in cab she started making out with him hard. Then she realized she was neglecting me. So she looked at me and starting kissing me while she was feeling his cock up. Then we got to his house and we went inside. I went to piss and I come into room seeing her already getting fucked hard. I was shocked and excited. Didnt know how to react and wifey noticed this and asked if I was doing ok while she was getting fucked. And god it was so hot. Watching her get pounded hard by a young man with big dick was so hot. And I didnt know how to react. All I can say is I was totally turned on loving it and decided to just stand there and watch them while playing with it. Watching her scratch his back and kiss him and seeing her toes curl fucken turned me on so much. After that she asked me to join and I went in front of her and let her suck me off while he fucked her. God it was so hot. She tried to suck my dick but how good he fucked her she couldnt do it. She just held my cock and moaned in pleasure and it turned me on so much. Told them I wanted to switch positions. I tried to fuck her in the pussy but he moved on her mouth and face fucked her to where she was gagging. I already came so I couldnt keep going like he did. Wifey noticed this and stopped it. We then called a cab home and sat in living room waiting for cab. Then he came and sat beside her and started kissing her. Told her he didnt want to her to go and started touching her. She then gave into her lost and started kissing him and stroking his cock. Eventhough she stopped it she still didnt want to leave him hanging. But wifey loves me and she stopped it at that and we went home. For my first time it was more then I expected and had hard time handling it but now that I'm more experienced i loved it. Loved everything he did to her and let me watch. Will never forget about it because how much I loved it.