So my soon-to-be ex-husband and I are both very young, I was only 17 when I had our 2 year old son. Things were going great until we had him and ever since then he has acted uninterested in me or our son. He wants a divorce because he says I'm not mature enough for him, but that's not the point of this post. He neglected me emotionally and despite him claiming he loves our son and wouldn't give up on him I still worry about him doing the same to him. He is addicted to playing video games (at least 50 hours a week if not more) and doesn't wake up with our son when he has him. He lives with his parents and they are the ones watching him when he is over there. Right now we are legally separated and he has him on the weekends and i have him on the weekdays, but we haven't gone through the official divorce or custody battle, but i don't think he is capable to watch our son without having his parents right there to hold his hand. He is out of state at least 50% of the time anyways working with his dad on his dad's business. He also plans on going to Oregon to go to college but he will have to spend a minimum of 30 hours in class and he plans on having a job while there too and there is no realistic way for him to watch our son while he is doing all of that. I want to go for sole physical and joint legal but he doesn't want to pay child support and is wanting it the other way. He told me that our son wouldn't leave state with him and that his parents would be watching him while he is gone but I dont think that is right. His parents are wonderful people and still treat me like their daughter, I dont plan on ever taking my son away from them and my son loves them, but I feel like my son would be better off with me. I have a stable job and family support to babysit while I do work. Most of my scheduled shifts are when he is with his dad for the weekend already so I am with him almost the entire time he is with me. I dont know if I should get an attorney to help me fight to keep my son but I also cant afford one if I need one. I dont know if I should keep my son with me until I get this custody battle taken care of either, I dont want to, but I'm worried my ex husband is going to try and keep him with him and I won't get to see my son. I grew up in a situation like that where my mother wouldn't let me dad see me because she thought he would keep me, although I was much older. I dont want to keep him away forever, I dont want to keep him away at all, but I'm scared because of my past. What do I do? Do I get an attorney? Is there a way for me to get one for cheap or with some kind of financial assistance? Should I allow my son to go over to his grandparents/dads house until this is all sorted out? I'm sorry about how long this is, i mostly just typed up my train of thought.