This has been happening for a year now idk why maybe i offended someone on a youtube comment section or I kept killing someone in gta and they got butthurt but basically i got a parry chat inv from a random person not on on my friends list. His id is xPVx on ps4, and his friends were all stalling talking about me i guess for me to stay while he was hacking me he was mentioning a key ( hackinf jargon prolly). Ever since that day a year ago they have control over my internet like in gta when i would play i would sometimes join lobbys just to get in a jet and kill everyone. When i would do this instant boot frlm my internet back to story mode consisten like 10 times ina row type shit. All the psn ids i see are pre determined to, idk how but they know a lot of information about me. Who my school friends were , my close cousins moments in my life but it cant be any of my close friends i moved towns and they know about certain shit here... i think its gang stalking but idk why me. Like on apex legends one day one of a players id before match starts ( kill leader) was look at top right blah blah as were the other two linking it. As the kill feed went on it was evident someone had written these prior linking it to me. But i would speak in the mic saying how this sucks blah blah and they would lag the game on purpose any time i spoke. I told em im super paranoid and worried how u know all this info and like the next game kill leaders name was D nt wrry , it sounds crazy but its true. After a while i gave up reading the names even though it got me super paranoid. My instagram feed ended up randomly one day having pictures of womens feet and pictures of scarett johansen like the only things i would like on insta were cars weed and the other manly shit but one day just womens feet and scarlett johansen so i must have offended a gay army because i AM SERIOUS these lot are active in making me lag and lose no matter what game i play TWENTY FOUR SEVEN. Now i only play mortal kombat and when ever i am on regardless of time they make every game lag. Who ever plays knows about the strict timing in mk and counter attavking is quick. They must have paid someone to watch me all day whenever im on becuz every SINGLE F ING GAME i am in when ever i get my ass kicked and i start picking up the pace again they start lagging my game and messing with the frame rate making it stutter. Above all it really f'd my mental and i just need help in how to resolve. I contacted sony and they said they never heard anything like it and dk what to do and instagram never contacted back. They can see through my camera and ridicule me over what they see or hear me say over the day if im outside talking to people. They have seen me log in to my online banking know all this info and just makes me paranoid tbh. Someone help if you can