I have been in the “grey zone” for CF for a couple years now. I have symptoms like malabsorption, chronic sinus issues and chronic lung infections. Last year around september, my cultures showed moderate growth of staphylococcus aureus and I was symptomatic (reoccurring fevers, drop in fev1, increased cough and dark mucus, weight loss) so my doctor treated it with 10 days sulfatrim. A month later my cultures were clean and I was good for another couple of weeks before I started having symptoms again. I had been off antibiotics for about a month at that point, and we did another culture that sure enough showed that the staph was back, but this time only light growth. We treated it again with more sulfatrim, and with this infection my doctor told me she’s pretty sure the bacteria is chronic now and that the infection will keep reoccurring. I asked her what we needed to do about it and she told me airway clearance, and told me she would be sending a referral for me to get set up with that. It’s been two months since she sent that referral and I haven’t heard anything. I’ve also been off antibiotics for about two months now and I don’t feel like they helped at all. The culture I submitted right after coming off antibiotics showed that the staph was gone again, but I don’t feel like it’s gone at all. My cough was better for a couple of days but now it’s the exact same, if not worse than before we did the antibiotic. I cough up green and brown all day when it used to only be a problem in the morning. As soon as I wake up my lungs start feeling junky and rattly so all day I’m coughing things out. I get reoccurring fevers and chest pain and just feel like junk. I don’t know if the last two infections just did some damage and this is just how I am now, or if the staph came back like a couple days after doing my last sample or what, all I know is that my last cultures showed no staph but I feel sicker than I did before the antibiotics. I have a requisition and can submit a new sputum culture any day now, but I’m hesitant to for a few reasons so I’m just looking for some insight. I’m not quite sure what I should do about this right now. Firstly, if I do another culture and it shows that I currently still don’t have staph, I will be beyond confused at these symptoms and don’t have another appointment for another few months. Second, I am leaving for vacation in a week. If I have the infection I assume I will be put on antibiotics, which would kind of suck for my trip, but if it would make me feel better I guess it’s not the end of the world. I don’t know. I guess I am just looking for some input from others who have chronic staph infections. How often do you treat it? Does it damage your lungs if it goes untreated? My first infection we think went untreated for 2+ months, so would it be fine for me to start antibiotics after my vacation? I really just don’t know what I need to do here. I don’t know anything about chronic infections but I read a lot of scary stuff about S. Aureus so I need some insight from someone with personal experiences. Thanks