I don’t remember the last time it happened, but I know it happened. You were put into a mental hospital. You are smoking too much, you’re always high. I don’t know if you’re self Medicating again but I think you are. It been hard to deal with for the past few months. You’re in a manic episode. You’re schizophrenic. You swear you can tell the future because you were right about the coronavirus. You had to check my package cause you thought bad people sent it. You asked why i thought you were happy, I said I didn’t know and you said I’d find out soon. You’re aggressive. You’re planning on beating up my neighbors. You’re getting ready for an apocalypse. You honked at every construction worker you saw and swore they were your friends. You were blasting your music, a car was right next to us obviously annoyed and you started dancing and talking to them when they weren’t talking to you. You thought you were having a conversation with them and they weren’t talking. You’re a danger to yourself and others. You’re a bad influence. How the fuck do my brothers not realize. They think it’s normal behavior. You’re fucking insane and need help. I don’t want to see you again. You wouldn’t hurt me, but you make me scared. I want my dad back. I would go out with you every weekend to ihop to get breakfast and play a card game. I asked to play a card game a few months ago and you showed me how to use a gun. You tried buying my mom a gun without her knowing. You’re not okay and people are finally figuring that out. You think you’re always right. People have called you insane to your face and you asked me if I think you are and I was too scared to say I did. You bought me two guns. You’re teaching me and my brothers to fight, which yes is helpful but you’re doing it for the wrong reasons. I hope you get help, I hope you’re strong enough to stop. I hope you stop planning stuff. I hope you stop bringing me into arguments with my mom. I hope you stop bringing up politics. I hope you stop fighting.