Children are revered as the most important and protected elements of society. They are the future of the human race and innocent. At some point in peoples lives they may choose to have kids or not. Some people have kids early-on and others wait a while. My personal plan was to become financially stable before choosing to have children. I chose this plan for a variety of reasons, some of the biggest are; providing a stable household free from poverty, and most importantly to provide a good education. I thought private school was a good option and know these are expensive. As I began working in my career frequently the question of "do you have any kids", or "this person is a step dad to three kids and gets a better position in the company" type logic going on. Also things like you don't have any kids so we are going to blame all kinds of random things on you type scenarios. Truthfully if I had not had so much resistance to either finding a companion, and finding stable harassment free employment, I would have had children by now. The paradox is; when do we allow a child to become a contributor to society vs. a person who is used as a stepping stone. Everyone agrees its a persons free choice to have children. People who have children know the costs and time sacrifice. People who have children also get to enjoy all the joys of raising them and companionship throughout life. People who do not have children don't get the same benefits, but should be able to enjoy more financial and time freedom. After all its about free choices here and cost/benefit. My experience is that society is leading me to believe I basically get punished for what other people are doing and get less opportunities because I don't have children yet. People make the choice to have unprotected sex and have kids and therefore need to be responsible for what they chose to do. If you choose not to have unprotected sex and don't have kids, then you should not be burdened by everyone else either. What does the fact the Billy Bob who lives down the street and has four kids have to do with my life? The answer should be nothing, just like I don't have anything to do with their life. Obviously we all have compassion for innocent children that are mostly helpless and rely on adults, but why should I be burdened by what other people are doing? It becomes a circular argument in my case. 1. I want to have kids. 2. Need financial stability 3.Am restricted and burdened by society partly for not having kids yet. Go back to 1. World populations are exploding beyond the rate at which they can be supported.