    Earlier in April my father and I decided to ride dirt bikes in Erwin, TN. We parked at my aunts house a mile or so from the location( Rock creek mountain trails). We took off earlier in the day around 11 or so and took off with no problems. We had fun shooting around turns and speeding through the woods. We went all over the side and top of the mountain. Since the corona virus started all parks were closed and this was no exception so we were weary of the park rangers and service so we kept a close eye out for rangers. At any rate, whilst riding the bikes were in check and fully working order, so it was odd when we decided to drop off the back of the mountain into a small flat where my dad used to camp and ride with his friends. As soon as we started the descent off of the mountain and into the flat my bike started to act up. My bike is a Ttr 250 and has no kickstart, so it just has electric start. So, we stopped for a minute to look at everything to see if maybe something was stuck in the chain but it was fine. So we started the bike and started the descent further into the woods. We journeyed maybe a quarter of a mile into the flat. As soon as we passed another hairpin turn into the flat my dad stopped to talk about where he and his friends used to camp and about the crazy things that happened. He got done talking and we decided to head deeper into the woods. My dad started his bike and took off leaving me in the turn. I flipped the key and on/ off switch on and tried to start it...nothing. I fiddled with it for a few more minutes trying to start it, flipping the key and on off switch... still nothing. I yelled for my dad and kept trying the key. By the grace of God he noticed I was taking a long time and came back to help. I kept trying while he came from the opposite direction and still nothing. As soon as my dad came for help it decided to turn on. I thought maybe the battery cable is loose and I’ll have to tighten it at home. We took off down the trail with no problems. We had made it to a part of the trail that continued on, but a tree had fallen over and there was no chance of moving it so we turned around. That’s when things got odd. My dad took off again and I started up no problem and took off too. My dad was further ahead than I was, so I tried to catch up. This trail was very rocky and curvy so visibility was not very good. On one of the curves, I saw my dad. But he wasn’t on his bike.  He was standing in the woods 5 or so feet beside the trail. I slowed down because I thought that maybe he had stopped. I saw his helmet and orange shirt that he was wearing and I kicked down into first and pulled my clutch.  I saw him waving at me ushering me to him. As soon as I did, I heard his bike in the distance. The scream of a 2 stroke. At that moment I kicked my bike into gear as I heard the sound and hauled ass. I took off to catch up to my dad in the hairpin turn. I turned around to see this thing crawling after me. I went even faster until I couldn’t see it. I got half way to where the turn was and my dad was pulled off to the side of the road, I looked back and couldn’t see it. I pulled beside my dad, turned my bike off;and told him what I had seen. He was creeped out to say the least. My dad is a big man at 6’5 and doesn’t scare easily. But he thought it may have been a ranger or something. I didn’t care. I just wanted to keep riding and go to another area. I tried to start my bike my bike but nothing. I did the routine I had pulled earlier and still nothing. The whole situation was disturbing and I just wanted to leave. I prayed a little prayer and a few seconds later the bike cut on. We pulled out of there going fairly fast and to another location. After we had left that area my bike had no problems whatsoever. Every time I pressed the start button it sparked to life. The rest of the ride was anti-climactic. We just rode and had some fun enjoying the day. We left at 2 or so and went back to my aunts. We cleaned my bike and then took the seat off to inspect of the battery cable was loose. I took the plastics off the side to get to the battery... it was totally fine. I’m not sure what I saw crawling after me and I’m not sure why it looked my dad. My guess is it was trying to lure me into the woods for some malicious reason. I can never be sure. All I know is I don’t want to see this thing ever again. I’d rather ride my bike in peace.