I saw many fan folks that complaint about the Ending so I came to make an argument and make you realise that this is the best Ending that we could possibly have seen in the all animes that we all watched. Hear me out, Hiro was heart broken because Zero Two didn't talk and didn't watched him in the eyes as she usually does, he then realise that when he Hiro and Zero Two pilot Sterlizia Apus,  Zero Two has it's mind connected to the Sterlizia Apus, no, it's soul to that Sterlizia and he decided that he was going to Mars Orbit because they promised to each other they will come to each other to save them no matter the distance. Zero Two has already come to him to save him once when he was connected to the Klaxosaurs Queen, she came to save him, no matter how badly hurt she was, she kept going for Darling, she saved him by kissing him and connecting to him, she then remained connected to Sterlizia Apus after they fought after that, Hiro decides that he's going to Mars Orbit to save her, and he did save her, they connected to each other by the love that Hiro was carrying for her. When they passed that Teleport Warp they fought together and promised again to meet each other again on Earth, after they defeated VIRM they bodies died but not their souls too, remember that Zero Two was a monster, and Hiro became friend with her and he licked her blood from that injury ? Yeah, me too, he digested her blood and that means he became a monster too, but hear me out, remember those Red and Blue orbs that we have seen on the last moments of the last episodes ? Yeah, those were the souls of Zero Two and Hiro, again, they promised to meet again on earth and they did. Remember the statue that Zero Two left when she finally connected with Hiro, that and after their body died the statue perished and left a Sakura tree behind, remember the episode when Hiro made a comment about Sakura's flowers that it's same color and beautiful as Zero Two ? Yes. That is a memory, when they finally meet it was under the Sakura Tree that Zero Two left behind, Hiro was reading a book, and Zero Two was running in joy, when she fell on the ground by tripping the Sakura Tree root Hiro helped her by reaching her hand and that was the moment when their souls met that they promised and swore to meet again on Earth, that moment they accomplished their promise, that moment they falled in love with each other but as childrens. That moment they were reborn but as HUMANS ! Zero Two always wanted to be a Human to be able to be together with Hiro, that moment her wish from the other life was accomplished.