My husband finished the install of our Viofo A129 Duo Pro this past Saturday (4/25). It's hardwired to enable parking mode. I purchased a brand new Samsung PRO Endurance 128GB 100MB/s (U1) MicroSDXC Memory Card with Adapter (MB-MJ128GA/AM) from Amazon. I formatted it inside the camera (a few times actually). It recorded fine Saturday evening, my husband drove the car Sunday, I drove the car to work on Monday and each time, the camera booted up fine. Last night I removed the SD card and put it in the Viofo SD card adapter & plugged it into my computer to see what it recorded. The first error message after plugging it into my desktop said there was something wrong with the card & I could scan and fix or continue without scanning. Before I could pick one another message came up saying "select what you want to happen with this drive/card in the future" so I selected open folder to view files. I was able to click on the first 3 files to see what they were and once I viewed them, I deleted them. By the 4th file, the card locked up the computer and I had to restart the PC. After restarting, when I clicked on the F:/ drive (the SD card) it had combined ALL the recorded files into ONE 3.1GB+/- file named "USBCα)α∙". I clicked on that to try and open it and it locked up the PC again. I did Alt/Ctrl/DEL and ended file explorer. Unplugged the card adapter & re-plugged it in and got an an error message saying the card was corrupt. I plugged the card back into the camera thinking I could reformat it in the camera since the instructions say to do that & I couldn't get it opened on my PC. When I plugged it back in and hit the car's ignition button, the camera made its notmal startup sound and the VIOFO logo came up on the screen and it kept looping sound/logo/sound/logo until the screen went off leaving the red "REC" and "MIC" lights on but the screen wouldn't turn on. I unplugged the power and rear cameras and the camera screen still wouldn't turn on even though the red "REC" and "MIC" lights were still illuminated. I took the card out again and put it back in the Viofo adapter & reformatted it in my PC with the Viofo adapter using their guiformat2.exe tool and then testing it using their h2testw_1.4.zip tool. After 5.5 hours the read/write test came back saying: "Test finished without errors." Do I just put the SD card in the camera and hope the screen turns back on? It almost seems as if the camera needs a "hard restart/reset" since the red lights are on but I can't get the screen to turn on and I'm not sure how to do that. Sorry so long. Any help/direction would be deeply appreciated. TIA.