For somehow I always have the same experience for years now. I always was in long relationships since I got 21 and had to move for university. Followed by some hookups and 4 years of beeing single I tried to get back into the Dating game in my late 20s... a few years ago and went with OKC(more Info about people so i can get better dates because i have more info about people(which actually works-> never had a bad date)etc.). Im a relationship guy, I don`t like hookups or fwb stuff. Last year I met a wonderful girl, barley answered me when i text her to meet but always when i thought shes not interested called and still met me(we had a wonderful 1 date(6 hours of talking and doing stuff). This went on for 4 Months until I told her I dont want to see her as friend anymore and told her i dont think she feels the same and probably only likes the attention or enjoys my company as a friend. I hate beeing intransparent ....I always talk about my feelings and what i think. There are only 2 Options A- I go on a Date, i think the person is interesting so i want to spent more time or  B - I dont. Its so simple. Im not asking for comittment or anything but if i have the feeling you dont even want to get to now me IT IS NOT CALLED TAKING THINGS SLOW...ffs. If i want to take thinks slow... im still interested in this person ...what i want to take slow is the transition from frindship into a potential relationship. I doenst mean i want to see you every 4 weeks. And this is exactly what im scared off. Im currently seeing a women i really like, she said she likes me after 2 dates but is only out of a relationship for 3 months. I told her im not in a hurry, i like her and she can take her time. But i also have to protect myself not doing this mistake again.  I hope you get my point, that is is really hard after such experience to not go insane about what to do and how to behave. I know shes online in the evening and probably seeing other people than me aswell(i for myself dont want to date more than 1 person at the same time(time energy thing). I have the feeling this will also go down this road even tho she answeres my texts withn a day( i only write her for making plans every 2-3 days)..pls if you have the feeling that this is not 100% right for you ...tell me. In dating to me there is only a Yes or No never a maybe. Again i dont want you to commit but you have to commit at least spending time with me to give me thee feeling you are actually interested. I dont want to judge her now, because she didnt do anything wrong yet and  I hope this goes somewhere but i wanted to give you an introspective of what could be on a guys mind :).