I broke up with my boyfriend about a year ago and I was on tinder for maybe a day or two.I got bored and put my Snapchat on my tinder and said find me there if you want.  Since then I’ve had a good 50 guys add me to snap and I just happen to meet guys in real life so I never looked at Tinder after the two initial days. Recently a guy had been trying to get my attention a lot and so I wasn’t really into him but I gave him a chance and started speaking to him. I don’t remember what pictures I had on my tinder but I can say I am an attractive 30-year-old woman.   I might have had one body shot ...I really don’t remember..  i’m not skinny but I’m definitely not obese.   He claims to be 40 and that he “ looks young “.  I think he looks closer to 50.  He starts off talking about him looking for “someone to marry “and then he says he has a genetic disease and can’t have children but he’s looking for “something serious with a woman and not a girl”.  I laughed and said” I hope at 40 you’re looking for a woman and not a girl”. I’m very sarcastic and I think the girl vs woman thing is bs.... it just is corny and cliche.  Anyway.  He randomnly tells me how he would love to be a step dad ... he’s an amazing uncle ... blah blah blah.    I’m still not feeling it but I’m trying to be nice and he asked me to meet him for a walk next week. I said I would check my schedule and get back to him because I really don’t know how I feel. He accepts my response.  Then he says he would like a couple of full body pics.. because he has been catfished before. ... he goes on about “ fat shaming “ accusations and says he quit app dating for two months bc he “ only attracts a certain type “.  He didn’t elaborate on that though.  I will try to post screen shots of the text.  I told him I would send him full bodies but then I sort of just felt annoyed because I hadn’t been active on the site ...he pursued me ...and when he sent his picture he is a very crusty looking 40-year-old man.   It’s creepy that he’s talking about being a stepdad it’s creepy that he’s talking about looking for marriage and then he’s demanding body pictures. He’s no catch ... if you just taking things slower I’m sure I would’ve exchanged pictures with him but he’s annoying and he’s pretty much telling me to impress him with my body and to be honest I don’t need to ...I have plenty of options outside of him.. I just think .. it feels like he’s asking me to impress him with my body to see if I’m good enough for him meanwhile he wants me to meet him an hour away for a free date and walk by his house...am I wrong ?