Hey. I'm a Senior in highschool. I'm really shy and have no friends or connections with anyone in my school. I don't have any social media accounts, nor do I have interest in them. I'm not quiet, I just like being a loner, but other people perceive me as weird and quiet. Being an introvert isn't so bad, except for when I have a crush on a girl. I've had minor crushes, but there's this one girl that I've had a really big crush on since Freshman year. I've barely saw her in past years, and it was only this year that I've seen her daily in the hallways and in lunch. I was terrified of approaching her, but I was even more scared of losing the opportunity to talk to her before highschool ends and college comes. I have low self-esteem, so I decided to start working out and making changes to my appearance to build up my confidence. I finally gained the confidence just to look in her direction. Everything seemed to be going well until the virus hit. Now I'll never go back to school, and I'll never see her again. I reassured myself that I would get over her with time, but it's been 7 weeks and I'm depressed constantly thinking about my lost opportunity with her. I've come to the conclusion that the only way to get over her is to let her know how I feel. The only way I can think of contacting her is through her school email (I know. Many people have advised me that this is a terrible way of contacting her, but I literally have no other way). I don't want to be direct and tell her I like her, but I want to say that it would have been great to have gotten to know her (as a "friend". The thing is that I've never talked to her her nor shown any interest in her. She'll probably be really weirded out and maybe (hopefully not) grossed out. I just wanted to know if this is a good idea. I don't plan on sending her an email until after graduation (beginning of June). I don't care if she responds or if I get rejected, I just need to get this off my chest. My question is: Do you think this would be a good idea? Also, how can I word this email in the least cringe and  least pitiful way possible? I want to tell her that I would have liked the opportunity to talk to her in person.