So I’m (24F) just going to post the facts here and try to leave feelings out of it so i can see what you all think. I dated my boyfriend (30M) for three years. We worked together for the first year and a half because we worked together. His ex (really, they only went on a few dates- from what I understand, he had big feelings for her and she just wasn’t that into him, but they remained friends) started working there with us and people figured out that we were a couple so we went public. She seemed super supportive and we became friends as well. Coworkers noticed him spending a lot of time around her, I noticed him liking provocative photos of her on social media and ignoring mine (seemingly petty, I know. Also, no girl shame here- she’s gorgeous and should post whatever she wants- more power to her. I just wished he wasn’t so openly comfortable liking a picture of her basically naked). I tried to bury it because I didn’t want to be dramatic. Over the next year, (going on 2-3 years here) we had a lot of hard conversations. It started with him saying he didn’t think he’d ever want to live with someone who has cats, me being a vegetarian was a huge lifestyle difference that he didn’t know he wanted to deal with, and that the career path I was looking into was something he was trying to get out of so he just didn’t see how it was going to work out. My only big complain at this point was the whole ex girlfriend thing. He shrugged, but I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt thinking that he understood how it made me feel. Months later, we had a fight because I had a friend coming in from out of town (he had mat maybe two of my friends at this point- once.) I desperately wanted them to meet and I told him multiple times when he would be in town, but his response was always that he didn’t know what he’d be up to that weekend- he might be busy. When I found out that he was at his ex’s apartment hanging out after working on her friend’s car (the line of work he’s trying to get into), I cried my eyes out. I brought it up to him and he got really uncomfortable and told me that he didn’t understand why I was so upset- he wants to meet my friends but it just didn’t work out this time. The next day, we tried talking about it more and I realized that he was crying on the phone so I went over to his house to make sure that he was okay. He apologized then. A few months later, I asked if he could spend more time with my family- he’d met everyone once and I was about to be an aunt. I didn’t want to freak him out- This didn’t oblígate him to marry me or anything, which I told him- but it was important to me because it felt like I was living two separate lives. He said he felt like I was putting too much pressure on him and said he didn’t know if he wanted to do this anymore. I told him I would back off but that meant that I was backing off of everything- we were going to be “casual” because that seemed to be what he wanted. A few months later, he said that he was worried that I didn’t like him anymore and that he was 100% in this and he wanted me to be too. So we were “official” again. We planned a valentines getaway together. I had been getting treated for worsening endometriosis for a while, trying to get surgery to fix it. This disease caused pain and painful sex, so that on top of the feeling unappreciated made it really difficult to be physical with him. I tried not to feel guilty because I knew it wasn’t my fault, but the. He told me that he didn’t know if he wanted to be with someone with endo and that he didn’t want to go months with no intimacy. I tried to explain that I didn’t either, but there’s only so much I can do about it. Anyway, by now, I probably sound like an idiot but I found out that while my life has been falling apart since that trip (my grandmother died, my dad had a pulmonary embolism, and I finally got this surgery scheduled) he had an active tinder account. His pictures were from our vacation, his best friends wedding where I was his date, and a Snapchat he had sent me a week prior. Typing this out, I know he was a jerk, but it’s helpful to me to hear other people give me their opinions on where i could have done something different or if you’ve had a similar experience. Thanks!