I (f, 18) recently matched with a boy on tinder (m, 18) around the time of 3 weeks ago. We met in person multiple times and everything was going very well. He and I have a lot in common and I found myself falling for him very fast. He seemed to feel the same and introduced me to his mother, family and friends - who all told me that I made him very happy and he talked about me non-stop. As you can see, this moved incredibly quickly and I hardly had much time to ground myself in the relationship. I feel as though 3 weeks is hardly enough time to get to know a person, let alone he had said “I love you” ALREADY! How ridiculous is that? But he had me fooled. 2 days ago, he got intoxicated and cheated on me with his friends ex at a party (who I don’t know, and doubt she knows of my existence.) I knew he was out and when I asked him how his night had been before I found out, he texted me and said “Last night was crazy omg.” I am certain he would not have told me what happened if he didn’t get caught. His friend was furious and had to tell me the details himself. Now, I’m really on the fence and am desperate for any sort of advice about what to do. I have never been cheated on before but I hardly know this boy, and although he seemed committed to me - I don’t think this is enough time for anyone to realise what they want out of a relationship. I gave him attention when he needed it and I am certain this is all I was to him. However, introducing me to his mum? his friends? According to his friend he isn’t usually like this and had never cheated before me (is that really the truth?). So I don’t understand what had changed. Maybe he thought he’d get away with it as I don’t live very close to him and whenever we met up I would have to commute about an hour and a half. I can tell that he is insecure within himself and craves constant attention. He would get needy if we didn’t hang out often, so I have a feeling that this was the reason he cheated. As far as I know they didn’t have sex. He actually invited me to the party and I cancelled because I was too sick. Was he mad that I cancelled on him? The entire situation is very manipulative, as I did a lot for him in the short amount of time we knew each other. I have to preface we were not dating. However, was supposedly going to ask me the next time we hung out. He has apologised so much and I genuinely do think he was being sincere. We’re still young and as we have just met, I think it’s unfair for me to act like I own him when it’s not like we were in a committed relationship. The motivation to get to that point was there though. We moved too fast and he clearly isn’t ready. He told me he still wants me and learnt from his mistakes, but if he did, would he really cheat? Is it even cheating? I want him to be in my life still as I enjoyed the time we spent together. Am even considering an open relationship until we get to know each other better. I’m making so many excuses for him but I want his attention, just like he wanted mine. Is this wrong? Do I give him another chance? Should I talk to him about it in person? Sorry if this is all over the place. I have no idea what to think.