I’m a 14 year old female and he’s a 13 year old (almost 14) male. I have literally never felt worse in my entire life. We weren’t technically “dating”, but that was mainly because we weren’t really allowed to. We were close friends who both had a mutual attraction for one another, and we did things that couples would do. He told me he lost interest a few days ago. He said he hasn’t liked me for about a month now. Why did he have to act like he did? He had started acting meaner, but there were also so many ways he acted pretty normal. Things are so complicated now, I don’t know what to do. I keep crying and getting so angry at random times, and honestly I’m so confused and in denial of it all. I put so much effort into him and our relationship, and now that it’s kind of over I feel like I’ve lost a part of myself entirely. I keep trying to talk to him even though I know I shouldn’t, but he’s so difficult to read. He just doesn’t care about me at all anymore and it sucks so much he was pretty much the only person I could talk to about how I felt, and he’s the only person I want to talk to whenever I start crying over him. It’s so weird too because I play Minecraft with him and some other boys, and I feel like he tries to act normal; he doesn’t understand why I can’t keep myself from acting so weird. I try to avoid playing but I just can’t help but hope that I’ll enjoy myself again one of these days. Why did he have to lie to me and say so many times that he was going to like me for a very long time. Why did he lie and say I was his best friend when now I’m barely a person to him. Why did he lie to me and make me believe that I’m beautiful. I had been working on a video for his birthday (May 10) before this happened, and I still want to send it to him when the time comes. I’m worried his reaction to it will only make me feel worse, but I don’t think there’s any way for me to stop myself from doing it. I don’t get it. Why did he have to ruin everything. He says this is the real him, that it’s a lot more fun to be mean so he just stopped caring. I want to make him regret what he’s done, I want him to feel bad, but he just doesn’t care. I hate social distancing, I hate this stupid virus. Things would probably be fine if we could still see each other on a daily basis. But I honestly never expected for this to happen. I figured we’d be fine because he had convinced me for so long that he liked me so much. He always had this whole thing about honesty, that it was super important to him and there were nearly no circumstances that would justify it. Turns out he’s the biggest liar I know. I just feel so alone now. I have other friends, but it’s so hard for me to even mention how I’m feeling to them. The worst part is, I think I still like him. I mean, that must be why I keep trying with him, right? I keep telling him things I know I shouldn’t. And if he were to tell me he changed his mind, maybe I’d fall right back into his words. I kind of do want to be friends still, not being friends would get really complicated I think. But it’s impossible to tell if he wants the same. I guess he’s trying to keep things normal? Sometimes he’ll sort of talk to me I guess, but sometimes he doesn’t care at all. This post is getting really long and rambly, so I think I’ll leave it at that for now.