I feel completely stupid, used and disgusted within myself that I let this happen, please go easy on me. I’ve been dating this guy for a while and a recent incident had caused me to leave him but I can’t stop thinking about it and crying. I always remembered from the start he was pushy. Pushy about dates, seeing him, calling him, all of that. I didn’t realize it would get worse. Things started getting to the point where he would push me to take my clothes off and as he’s telling me to do it he would try to take them off himself, I would say “i’m not comfortable.”, “no” “stop it”, etc. but he would not listen eventually I would try to say something to try to gross him out so he’d leave me alone. He was really pushy about trying to give me head after telling him I was uncomfortable I just said “i didn’t shave” but that didn’t work and he still begged me until i eventually just took my pants off. I feel disgusting that I let in, although i didn’t let him take my underwear off I still took my pants off so he can feel my body as he wanted to. I was very uncomfortable and just wanted to go home. Earlier that day, he had kept telling me to take my shirt off and tugging at it, once again i told him no and reminded him i’m just not comfortable, during all of these times i wasn’t even remotely in the mood. But he still eventually just took my shirt off himself and started kissing my boobs. I just laid there I felt defeated and just let it happen. I don’t know why, i didn’t know what else to tell him that would stop it. Besides that physical stuff, I remember multiple times when he was “in the mood” he would tell me to give him head ANYWHERE, it didn’t matter, and I just didn’t want to. If i didn’t I know he would guilt trip me about “blue balling” and i know that sucks for guys but I would remind him he can just go to the bathroom and release, it doesn’t matter who does it as long as he just does it. But he guilt tripped me every night that happened. I didn’t know what to do, I wasn’t comfortable and I know i keep repeating that I just wish that point would have come across to him. Anyways, that night where I had told him I didn’t shave because I didn’t want head, I told him just take me home. It took some time but eventually he just let me go home and as I left he told me “make sure to shave next time”. I knew next time I would see him we would have the house to ourselves with nobody else there, I admit that scared me a lot because I knew he would force me to do something that I didn’t want to and nobody will know. So i broke up with him before that could happen. However right now i’m just trying to still process everything that happened, I didn’t realize how creepy everything was until having to repeat it to my mom because I couldn’t hold it in anymore and I just feel so disgusted with myself that I let it get this far. I feel used and I don’t know how to move on at the moment. She calls this sexual assault but I don’t know. Maybe i’m being dramatic but I would like other people’s views on this. Also, I’m still in high school so like i mentioned in the begging please go easy on me if i’m being dramatic. Thank you.