I really feel like if I haven't snapped right there and then, I would have eventually over time... every time I was with her, I always felt like I was walking on egg shells, I had to watch what I had to say or do around her, the smallest thing would set her off.. every time I made her very upset she  always told me that she thought about breaking up with me .. being around her I felt like I wasn't allowed to show frustration or any kind emotion or else she would go off on me then think about dumping me ... We dated for a few months, I'm 27 she's 26, I have no kids but she has 2 of her own... We broke up a few weeks ago cause we had a huge argument cause she was going off and cussing me out cause I asked her very nicely to please not do something I didnt appreciate and like. So I just snapped by punching my steering and called her f'ing crazy. The next day I went to her house unannounced to fully apologize for wrongdoing even though she told me that she didn't want to see or talk to me.. I politely knocked on her door, she got surprised then immediately told me to go away, so I did with no hesitation and never returned... then days later she called saying that I'm a crazy psycho, now she fears for her life and safety, doesn't know who I am anymore, I betrayed her trust and that shes been crying and not able to sleep after that, then hrs after the first call, she called me again asking about her phone chargeer and to call her If i found it ... the main reason for my outburts is that was she's always blowing up on me and cussing me out and belittling me in front of others and I'll just sit there quietly taking it and not saying a word... But Yesterday I permanently lost my job due to the Coronavirus pandemic, so I immediately texted my ex letting her know that I won't be able to pay her the money I owed her ... (she bought me a disney anual pass that I never asked for and she expected me to pay her back ) ... but anyways her response was "lol okay, I'll try to switch the name on the pass" then I texted her pretty much saying how and why isn't she showing me a little more compassion and how I dont deserve it and she doesn't owe me anything and how I assumed that during these bad times and me losing my job, we would be there for each other, not financially but mentally, physically and emotionally cause we were once lovers ..then she replies with her going off and cussing me out through text ... the reason I assumed and why I texted her was cause last week she messaged me saying that she misses me and still loves me very much... all I wanted was to talk it out and for us to be each other's shoulder But I guess I was completely wrong and a fool ... I thought she would be there for me despite what happened between us and what's been going on in the world... when we were together I always gave her all my attention, I was there for her no matter what, even if it meant missing work or ditching my family and friends or dropping what ever I was doing. I always stuck by her side even if she was going off and cussing at me ... I was always there when she needed me the most... .. but I think my outburst was just the icing on the cake for her. I'm realized how I was pushing her away, cause I was having performance issues (part of the reason she would blow up on me, cuss me out and call me trash and useless), I was too geeky, I dressed differently, I lacked parental skills, I didn't have a high paying job to support her and she wanted me to get a 2nd job, I didn't have my own place, she had to pay for me a handful of times and I guess she hated that and I said no to a $20,000 ring that she wanted if ever got "married" and she didn't believe in a 50/50 relationship, and she wanted $600 a month and still expected me to pay for everything... according to her, being a geek at my age (28yrs old) collecting action figures and etc is immature, not right, embarrassing, and should only be for children. She said geeks my age and older need to help.. and she use to say I was so very stupid for having a bonding relationship with my father, who l've met for the very first time 5yrs ago and decided to start fresh ...