Hello I'm a 36 year old female and still single. Never married, no kids.  In fact, I havent had a relationship last more than 1.5 years.  I cant figure out why I'm a failure at love.  My love life sucks but my career is great.  I have a great job, masters degree, CPA, my own home, etc.  I do well in that department but sometimes I feel it's my downfall?  In my 20s I spent most of my time studying and career oriented.  Didnt care or think about marriage.  It paid off but my love life suffered.  I would date guys here and there that were always the fun adventurous guys.  I realized in my 30s these guys cant hold down a steady job or grow up. I decided I needed to settle down, pick a nice guy and someone that is settled and stable.  So from.30 to 36 i tried to pick better men to date.  I kind of feel like i missed the boat. A lot of the good guys are taken and it is slim pickings.  I live in a rural area so theres not many guys to date.  My mom suggested that maybe my business woman attitude comes across in my relationships and I need a more feminine submissive (to a point) approach.  I actually tried this and it still hasnt worked.  To be honest, I try to be more submissive but I just dont think I'm a house wife. I dont have the wife gene. Dont get me wrong I will do all the homely chores a wife should do but I love my independence and I want a guy who loves it too.  Someone who wants to be independent with me. I dont want to dominate and call the shots, I just dont want someone calling the shots on me either.  Recently I had a guy flirting with me and I wasnt interested.  Reason being I can tell he is looking for wifey.  He went on to another girl and I can tell from social media she is madly in love with him, she worships the ground he walks on, drops her life for him. I'm not that kind of woman and when I heard of this, I knew I made the right decision by not dating him.  This isnt what I want.  Yet she got a guy, shes not single.  So does this mean I have to do this too to get a guy?  Isnt there a guy out there that wants to have fun, travel, try knew things in life and just be?  Do we have to have a power struggle?  I want a 50-50 relationship.  I'll give and you give.  I will say this, because I make good money, I can walk from any relationship that's bad or wrong.  I've done this before. I'd rather be single that deal with that crap.  I think some men dont like that I have the ability to say no and to walk at anytime. And some men love that I make good money and want to plop their ass on my couch and let me do all the work while they do nothing all day. I dont want that either lol.  Sounds like I'm looking for a needle in a hay stack in a rural area with not much to choose from.  I just want a nice guy to have fun in life.  I dont know what I'm doing wrong.  Lastly I have to admit I'm getting embarrassed.  At 36, I just had another failed relationship.   I'm starting to look like a hoe. I'm not a hoe. I dont date any guy and every guy but at 36 and still in the dating world, your numbers start to increase.  I'm embarrassed in front of my family and friends.  After so long, you become the common denominator.  I have to be the problem and maybe I'm too close to it to know what I'm doing wrong.  I should also note I can be shy when it comes to dating.  I've tried for years to improve on letting a guy know I'm interested but I clam up at times. I've def improved though.  Work in progress.  I dont have a hard time getting dates but its finding someone I even like or is a good man is hard.  I want someone I can take home to mom.  Maybe I'm not cut out for this? I'm barking up the wrong tree? Clearly marriage wasnt on my list of priorities when I was younger. Putting it on a back burner is taking a toll on me now.  Any info is greatly appreciated.  Thanks