I have been seeing this man (29M) since two days before Christmas. I think I fell for him that day, but just tried to push it back. After our second date he asked to be the fun and serious guy in my life, willing to make time. We are also on the same level sexually, which is great. I was in an 8 year relationship before, but I truly never clicked with someone like him. He goes hot and cold a lot, and is extremely busy with his job. We hung out recently and I learned his brother knows of me, as he sent a photo of us to him. During that time he pointed out all the different places we had been to on a tour map and based on the stuff in his fridge. He even saved my drink for later.  I stayed over until almost 2 am, but I'm not ready to stay the night. I'm a super picky sleeper and scared that it is a deal breaker. I told him I want to see him more, but he just said he's so busy. When I went to kiss him goodbye, I had a moment in which I had an urge to say "I love you". I never say love or hate unless I truly mean it, so needless to say I was freaked out. Typically he doesn't text me the next day first, but he sent me a snap chat of his day! We had occasionally conversations through Snapchat, of just showing our day to day thing. But I went to text him after he sent me a picture, and I got a simple "Hi". I try to not read into things, I have anxiety and come from a bad relationship. I was cheated on and left for someone else, and gaslighted the whole time. But I was thrown off, so I sent a simple "what are you up to" then later a "your hot I want some fun with you". Because that's how his text reflected. I sent them at 5:30 and 7:30 , but he didn't read them until midnight. Then no response. I sent a question today, as I needed his opinion on traveling as he has been to a place. I'm hoping for his response, or that it even sent. I have RCS texting and it said sent but not received. Then went to SMS, and our texts are now just Text Messages. But the message said not received, so I just deleted it. We are still friends on Snapchat. But I'm just so confused and upset. I am starting to really want a relationship with him, yet I am so shy and scared. We have been going with the flow, I know he still has his apps. But I want to tell him that I want to move forward to focusing on each other and trying to work it out. I know he's super busy as he shown me. I am just tired of playing the waiting game as the woman. Wanting the man to take the lead. I'm just so confused. Talking happily one minute and I feel like I got blocked.