She sits in translucency, her mind soldered with lost thoughts, how does it occur that the current state of being must be so dark and heavy. Lost as the evening is at 2 AM. Starring into dark space, isolated, mind and body drifting into a negative stale anatomy. Carrying herself proud, her life is poured with derogatory remarks of waste, happiness and purpose she questions in the dark illuminance of fears of what may come. Carried with confidence in the vision of others, her silence carries more then the mind can wonder. happiness may not be at fate for this being, but she must portray a smile that others may see to hide the bear of darkness and ill fate no other can read. A hero to her child, for the innocence can’t read the struggle of hours dedicated to just a small piece of success. Is it just meant to breath this blessing or is it a mistake to inhale such a fabrication. Beautiful and courageous, strong, independent, the words of others describes her. Alone, heavy silence, the past haunts her, fear and judgement is all that flaunts round her. Why another’s perspective cannot be seen through her own eyes. She cries in darkness inside because the fear is deep inside, as the sun rises she puts every negative though aside, there’s no time for it now, she dwells in the happiness that isn’t alive. Like a zombie she carries her pride. Another day to say she’s proud to be alive. To breath the blessing given, she feels still it is not worth living, the monsters bleed into her mind, swimming and floating for the sun to no longer shine. A mother, a boss, no one can read her and what thoughts that come alive, when no one is around, she lays as they dance outside. Their voices haunt her and eat her soul side by side, she sits and watches as her soul is devoured by the sea of darkness at night. She’s lost she seems she can’t find that one woman who keeps her subsided, fighting the demons she swings and slides in the dark no one sees how her pride is a lie. Successful and smart, that no longer is a drive, to be fulfilled is what is missing inside, her child still grows by her side as her demons hide each day the sun arise. The fear of being nothing, she feels will come back alive, to be back where she was nothing but just a lie. Her whole life she fought for what’s right, but what it right or is she just lost in the ride, a ride or once was love and dedication for a man who took it away and killed her every piece of pride; she’s still trying to find the pieces he threw aside. She’s lost in the nightmare trying to wake up there’s no one there to shake her, she’s getting deeper and deeper as if there’s no longer a change to breath, she fights the demons trying her mind is lost in the negativity, the lack of attractiveness her lack of confidence, she’s a liar she’s nothing, she’s worth less then the paper flowing in the traffic commute in the morning, thrown trying to be found, her fight she won’t stop until she gets the crown, the women who he left her for the lies she always fell for, her thoughts her mind, the short comings, is she blind, she can’t see what the others see, she just wants to be free, to be free of lies, to be free of judgement to be free to hold her child with pure happiness, no thoughts of going through it all alone she gave birth to a child who loves her strong, her heart is racing, her breaths are short, like a long run in the jungle, as the sun sets, the the fire comes alive, her fight with the demons sometimes comes to life, some nights they kill her as she lays with regret, regret of what, of not being what he wanted left, to walk away she held her head up high as he watched her, she said goodbye, the push and pull, that shit comes to life, fuck that urge to cry, bitch can stay down deep inside, her life is more then just one guy, fuck it, that shit can just die, with the lies the tears he watched her cry, when she used to beg him “PLEASE DON’T GO, I’LL DIE”, they vision of him walking as she needed him deep inside, more then just physical, she needed his love, what a fucking lie, the light inside her slowly comes to life, as she’s arguing with herself, fuck that, it’s gone, goodbye.