I had a (very drunken) one night stand with this guy I met on Tinder last week. We had great chemistry (the kind I haven't experienced in years) It was going really well up until I got shit faced, passed out,  and blew chunks all in his bedroom. When I woke up the next morning I was butt ass naked on his bathroom floor and he was cleaning up. He was really nice about the whole ordeal and took me home. He wasn't short or impatient. In fact, he was really worried about me seemingly and checked on me later that day. I reached out to him two times half-heartedly in the two days after and he didn't respond (just a quick hey and a kind of half jokingly asked if he still wanted to be friends). I cannot stop thinking about this guy. I know it's stupid and he either A. Just wanted to hook up (which isn't the feeling I got due to how personal things got. He told me way too much about himself and I even met a couple of relatives. Deep, right?..maybe?) B. Actually did like me but I blew it by throwing up all over his bed (Maybe I'm just giving him too much credit?) Anyhow, I know he probably doesn't want to talk to me ( cause he just would right?) But I really want to reach out in one final attempt since the incident isn't as fresh. His birthday is next week and he lives less than 10 mins away from me. I was thinking of sending a sweet birthday text and baking him a little cake (I do this routinely so it wouldn't be too much effort) to show that In thinking of him. I don't plan to pop up at his house or anything. But he will have the option if coming to get the cake. Even if it was just meant to be a one night stand, I'd like to sincerely let him know I'm sorry. I've talked to my 2 bff's and neither think it's a terrible idea to at least try to shoot my shot. (They are both very aware that I don't like guys often) My expectations aren't high. I'm fully aware that this might look desperate AND still go without response. Should I persue it? My gut NEVER tells me to be this bold. I don't want to make a fool of myself but doesn't putting yourself out there mean taking the chance? I'm super nervous about it even though he can only either ignore it or respond.