35F here... I’ve been single for a few months. I’ve focused time on getting back to me and healing from things. I’m comfortable going out on my own, and I’m social enough to meet people. I actually meet guys often, and will exchange numbers and or Snapchat info. Recently, I’ve noticed that while I love being out and about and social, when I get that “we should grab a drink some time” text or “we should hangout soon” text, I can’t connect. I give some wishy washy “yeah for sure, keep in touch” and I don’t ghost. I guess I just want more out of a conversation before meeting “on purpose”. I want to feel out their intentions. I’ve always jumped from one relationship to the next, and now I’m just trying to be single. I have met up with two different guys, and in both situations, they paid for drinks and in both situations they wanted to make out. I don’t want a relationship, I don’t want a quick hookup. Do I owe guys anything because they bought me drinks? I can pay for myself, I even offer to do so. In the conversation I’ll tell them I’m good with going out and hanging out and meeting people, I’m not looking for a relationship or a hookup. I know I’m emotionally unavailable, but does that mean I have to be a hermit crab? I’m comfortable in my own skin, I’m loving my solitude more and more. But I am a social person, I have friends, I’m also happy to go out solo, I just can’t help but think I’m doing something wrong or leading guys on, even though I do try to make my intentions clear. Any thoughts or advice or wording I should use? I talked to someone about this guy I recently went out with and I told her he tried to kiss me and she’s like “what? Did you think you were going out with the girls?” No, but he did mention grabbing lunch and hanging out. Then she said “well you can’t blame a guy for trying.” Ummmm.... yeah I think I can when I told him earlier I’m not looking for that. Then she says “maybe you shouldn’t date.” Wtf? I didn’t even see it as a date. But what am I missing? What am I doing wrong?