I am a 21 year old male and she was a 19 year old female. Okay so I’m going to try to summarize this as best as I can. So it all started off when this girl and I matched on Hinge. We hit things off really well. I had never really found someone I had clicked with as well as I clicked with her. She eventually gives me her number so we start texting and FaceTimeing all the time. I’m the beginning I wasn’t completely sure what I wanted with her but all I knew was I enjoyed her mind & company. Eventually though one night when we get off FaceTime she texts me “I love you” & at first I didn’t know what to think. I thought it was a little to soon because we had only been talking for a week at this point but I didn’t necessarily not feel it so I said it back. Which I realize was a mistake now. Eventually we plan out a day to chill (she lives 2 hours from me so I drove to her) & we ended up having what I thought was an amazing time. We did some sexual shit but at the same time we balanced it out with cute shit. Eventually while we’re hanging out she comes right out and asks me “So are you my boyfriend now?” & I was honestly taken back a little bit by this because I had never had girl straight up pursue me and tell me exactly what she wanted essentially. So I took this as a sign that she knew what she wanted and that it was obviously me. So I said back to her “I am if you’re my girlfriend now” so this becomes my first official relationship since I was 15 (I’ve messed around with a whole bunch of different girls since then but never felt like my feelings were strong enough to officially date them) So now that we’re official we start getting a little deeper with each other when it comes to our pasts, dreams and hopes for the future. She talks about how she “wants to marry to me” and all this and that which I just kinda brushed off. Trust me I was not going to rush into any marriage. So like I said we got deeper with each other & I eventually told her about how my mom had passed away a couple months back which she was very comforting to me when I told her. But she was saying things like “Maybe your moms spirt brought us together” etc. she was just saying stuff to me that was really making me feel a certain way towards her & I don’t take statements like that lightly& on top of that she would always talk about how we were soulmates and everything. But then comes the day about a month into the relationship that changes everything. We’re texting after we had FaceTimed a little early the day & everything is just fine. But then out of no where she hits me with all these long ass texts about how essentially “She’s not ready for commitment but she still wants to be friends with me. She just didn’t want any labels” but the weird thing is, is even though she didn’t want any labels she still wanted to say I love you. & I was just shook. I couldn’t wrap my head around how everything could just be fine one sec and then the next it came to this. Even though I wasn’t necessarily happy with what she wanted, I was open to trying it out because I did love her and care about her. We had been planning to hangout for the next day after all this had went down for a little while so her and I both talked about how we were still going to hangout to see how things went as we both wanted to remain in each other’s lives. But then a couple hours after we plan out everything she texts me saying “Maybe you shouldn’t come tomorrow, I have a funny feelings about it” & this just kinda irritated me honestly. So I just said to her essentially “If you don’t even wanna hangout with me, what’s the point of this then? If you don’t know what you want, then I’ll make it easy for you. We’re just done okay?” & I decided to put the last stake in the coffin. I just can’t help but to think, did I mess up? I was down to see where this “friendship” thing went but after she switched up on me again & didn’t wanna chill that just kinda pushed me over the edge. In my mind it just seems like if she really cared about me then she would’ve wanted to chill especially after everything that had went down earlier that day. So what do y’all think? I’m just so confused because she was the one that was pursuing me. Did I dodge just being kept on a string or did I pull the trigger to fast? Thank y’all & im sorry for the mess of the post.