So let me give some context. I matched with this girl from my school in late January. We talked for awhile, first met in person at a party, started going on dates (most involved us cooking together then watching a movie), we would study together, and we were hanging out together with each other's friend groups. Everything was *great*, everything I could've asked for. She went on an alternative Spring Break in another country, so we had to spend some time apart, but it didn't feel like a big deal, we were still able to flirt and keep each other updated. *Enter COVID-19.* She flies back to school and we see each other that night, I cook dinner (the risk of covid was less than me wanting to see her, which was dumb on my part but she didn't have it looking back). Despite being only a week (which normally feels like forever this early in a relationship), everything clicked like normal which felt like a really good sign. We hung out the next few days before she drove home to see her brother before he leaves for the military. Now things start to change. I see her the day she drove back from home, but things didn't seem right and I couldn't put my finger on it. She seemed just out of it. Over the next few weeks, she was in a funk and I'd always ask her about it but she wouldn't open up, so I assumed it was a combination of her brother and quarantine getting to her. We haven't seen each other in more than 4 weeks now despite being in the same town 12 blocks away. One of my housemates has an autoimmune issue so it dawned on me I shouldn't be risking his health because of a girl I recently started seeing. I tried to help her through her funk, sending her a combination of memes, wholesome posts, and checking in on her so I could remind her that I care about her even as she's clearly going through a hard time. I finally snapped one day. She never reciprocated anything when it comes to holding conversations, so I stopped snapping her to see what would happen for a couple days. We lost our snap streak, she messaged me here and there but very infrequently. It's finals week now and she asked me to hang out if I have the time. I'll make time to see her before she goes home for the summer, but I need a longer-term plan. Is she in a funk from her brother and quarantine? And if so, does she just not have the energy to be in a relationship right now? I don't think I should message her like we're together, but like I'm trying to keep her interest until school starts back up in the fall, then I can ask her out again. What does everyone think? Because I sure as hell don't know how to date during a major historical event and it's really bugging me. I really want to make it work with this girl.