So me and my girlfriend broke up recently about a week ago. everything was going fine, we were together for about 9 months it felt like we were more than just a relationship we were best friends. Then this corona virus stuff hit and our county ordered a shelter in place for about a month and a half. The first few weeks were fine. we facetimed every night and texted all day and it really didn’t seem to effect the relationship at all. Two nights before she broke up with me i noticed her starting to become more distant than usual and she’s never been one to explain emotions not even to her family much so i asked what was going on knowing that she wouldn’t tell me but i just wanted to show her i cared. the next day she had hardly texted me at all maybe responding 5 times throughout the whole day, and the responses were so dull and clearly had no emotion behind them. i remember texting her a picture of us on our first day telling her how cute she looked and her response was “i guess” and i knew something was up because she never responded to stuff i said to her like that. i went about my day trying not to get too bothered by it and i asked to facetime that night to only get “i’m busy” as a response, so i texted her back saying something like “you’ve clearly been distant today, i’ll take a hint and leave you alone for a while” which led to a big argument with her saying “not everything is about you” and her talking about how the whole world doesn’t revolve around me and then she brought up the car again and sent me a giant paragraph about how frustrated she was about that and how she didn’t care if her being distant made me feel bad. so i didn’t snapchat her the next day until that evening and i remember saying “i don’t even want to talk about last night, i just want to talk to you” and she ignored the snapchat and just left me on open. then a few minutes later i saw her post on her story saying some pretty mean things which were indirectly but clearly about me. i sent her a big paragraph about how i’ve done nothing to her, then she started telling me that i don’t care about her because i never even asked if she was okay (which wasn’t true) and we argued for a bit and she was just kinda cold for the later half of the argument so i just ignored it for a while, she texted back saying “i think i’m done” and i asked why and she said it just wasn’t the right time and she felt like my feelings were stronger than hers. i only said “okay i’m sorry” and she said don’t be and we haven’t talked since (about 5 days). it just confuses me because she tells me that i don’t care about her but i think she only said that out of anger. i’m just confused and i don’t want to contact her because she’s the one that dumped me out of the blue. the best conclusion i’ve drawn is that she’s just really frustrated with life right now and she just needs space and time to get herself back in order. it’s okay if that’s what she needs but i’m still going to get on with my life but i just can’t help but wonder what happened. (sorry for the novel) thanks a lot, god bless and stay safe!