So I’ve been friends with someone for about a year now, I would talk to them on and off because they would often disappear onto side accounts because they split up their accounts based on interest, but we interacted enough on main to where they felt close enough to give me their private account. I knew even before then that I liked them, not like a crush but that I liked being around them and that I would miss them when they were gone. They were a noticeable absence and it would make me sad that I couldn’t interact with them. But after they gave me their private account I felt something click, we started to interact a lot more and their passion for stuff was really infectious and inspiring and made me feel the most motivated I had in a long time. (Before this I had been single for 3 years and in a rather bad depressive bout after an abusive relationship.) But it felt like they reignited something in me. I started to realize I had a crush on them about a month ago and I made sure not to jump too quickly into it but I’ve been thinking I’ve known them about a year and I’ve had a crush for a month. It feels kind of like we’ve been flirting back and forth but at the same time it’s a little hard to tell because I drop I love yous and other things with close friends but they’ve been complimenting (flirting?) with me and seem really enthusiastic when I said I wanted to visit them sometime next year after quarantine is lifted. They even offered to cover a lot of my expenses and said they wanted to take me to their summer home. And when asking if they wanted to visit where I live they were really enthusiastic about it but that also seems like the norm for internet friend culture... But they also say they miss me when it’s only been a few days and I’m not sure if they want to be in my presence as a friend or something more. I know that after a month or so mulling it over I do want to date them and I’m thinking of confessing on Friday because we planned to talk around then. It’s okay if they say no of course but I just wanna know if I’m reading the situation correctly and if it seems possible they might feel the same.