I (17m) guess I’ll start by saying that she(19f)’s my coworker (word up to all the “essential” workers out there during this pandemic), and I’ve known her for about 2 and a half years, but really have only gotten close in the last 6-8 months. We are typically working alongside each other, so when at work I do spend a rather large amount of time with her, and we definitely get along well. She’d made it a habit of asking me how school went, and I’d ask how work went for her (she works 2 jobs, our shared job is the latter for the day), eventually she asked for my Snapchat presumably because she wanted to see my ceramics work from class. Every ceramics project I’d send her, she’d claim it’s good and compliment it, even though I thought many were quite bad, and she’s shown that kind of support pretty much across the board. One day I had posted some tacos on my Snapchat story, and she slid up saying that we had to go to her taco spot some time, and I said something like “Let’s go then” and soon enough we were going out to eat, I picked her up and we drove to her taco spot, which was a solid 45-50 minutes away, and she, without giving me a chance, paid (I promise I tried, she just beat me to it). I’d say that it went pretty well, especially considering before I dropped her off she was already talking about “next time ___” etc.. I asked her probably a week later if she wanted to go for sushi sometime and she said yes but then the coronavirus sent our state into a frenzy and long story short we can’t go out to eat. We talk via Snapchat on an almost daily basis, she tries to tell me to do and not to do certain things (for example, she doesn’t want me going to the gym on sundays bc “I’m supposed to relax on sundays”, or she tells me not to drink despite her drinking, or is really set on me going to college, despite her not doing so, etc., seemingly caring requests), we joke a lot, often poking fun at one another, and often she tells me that I need to take care of her. The other day while at work she asked me why I don’t have a girlfriend, which I just flipped on her and asked why she doesn’t have a boyfriend, to which she responded “You can’t do that”, and then proceeded to ask if I was gonna answer her question. I said something like “I don’t have time, with work, school, and the gym I’m just always busy.” And she said that she doesn’t have a boyfriend because she is independent, and perfectly happy by herself, and then told me that she “sees me with a girl by now”, I said that I just never thought that I needed a girlfriend, and she said it’s not a need, just a want, and that was about the end of that conversation. When she was looking to dye her hair, she asked me for input on what color to go with, and she went with the color I said so I guess my opinion matters at least a little bit. She’s complimented me a few times, and was one of the first to notice the fact that I’d lost weight since getting a membership at the gym. I know this got long, so I think I’m gonna stop rambling, let me know if you’ve got any questions you’d like answered before weighing in.