Hey everybody, so I’m not too sure where this is going to end but any thoughts or opinions are welcome.  So i’m currently a 24(m) who is single.  Back in high school, I was sort of the rebellious type and hung out with kids that smoked weed a lot.  I was a stoner.  I’d go go class high, and do reckless things like stealing, etc.  just not giving a fuck.  I’m not proud of it.  But the thing is, i’ve had so many girlfriends in high school.  From the smart, goody goody classy type all the way to the ratchet.  It was good fun.  It was so easy to get a girlfriend.  I was very popular, played football, and sold weed.  I also had part time jobs here and there.  I got into a fight my senior year, and I got suspended from attending my graduation ceremony.  This made me very sad.  I then enlisted into the Army reserves and i’m just now getting out.  I’m a junior in college currently.  I obviously do not smoke weed now.  I have a hard time making friends and building lifelong relationships with people.  I find it difficult to find a girlfriend or even love.  My family doesn’t live in the same state as me so I’m all alone.  I’m just wondering what you guys think caused my life to change so dramatically?  I used to go to clubs so confident with friends, now that I don’t have friends, I am scared of clubbing.  My last girlfriend is a club promoter at these clubs.  I do miss her and I regret not treating her better.  Did I just get uglier?  Am I just not as attractive? Did weed give me some superpower?  I’m now on antidepressants and adderall.  Adult diagnosed.  I really miss high school days where life wasnt as serious, friends were always around, and girls were easy to talk and get with.  Now everything seems like a challenge and i find myself watching porn frequently and worry that i’ll never find love or even worse, i don’t even know if i’ll be able to love anyone.  What do you guys think?  I swear i’m a nice guy at heart but I just don’t know why i’m so lonely.  I love you guys and hope quarantine isnt too bad for you.