I've recently started talking to a girl who I've known for a couple of years. Me and her made contact through IG and took the conversation from there. I had asked if she had the same number, which to my surprise she had changed it. Moving forward I got her new number we talked consistently over the next week. So I asked if she wanted to go out. She happily agreed. We went out 3 days Saturday, sunday and Monday. On our first date I bought her a giant bouquet of flowers. And she said that shes never gotten flowers ever from anyone. And She had mentioned how I've always been good to her and how much she missed me and was happy to be my girl at this point. Also how she never wanted to let go of me. And that I'm the best thing to happened to her. Me and her just have a really strong connection. So Through out the next week we talked consistently. Come friday we were going to spend the night. I had every planned out. She was ready. We were texting through out the day. Her last message was a " lovveeyoouu" 2 hours later she texts me how she isn't feeling. Didn't wake up feeling good and that she needed time and space to think things through. And that she didn't need my opinion on the matter. So I left it at that and gave her space. Now it's been over a week. I come to find out my ex texts me the day after. But I paid no attention to it. Come tuesday she goes off talking about how she knew I was talking to her ( my current girl) and how I'm the scum of the earth. And yada yadda. I talk to her and tell her she needs to butt out and be on good terms. I really would never wish bad upon her. So now the tricky part. My ex happens to have a mutual friend with my current girl. Which happens to be her cousin. Now she tells me that she saw pictures of us together. And all this stuff. So now I wonder did my ex message my girl or maybe her cousin and talk shit to scare her off. But now I'm in limbo not knowing where I stand in this whole situation. And I know my current girl loves me. But like I said I dont know what to do. Or how. Do i go about this situation. Any help from the community, I would honestly appreciate 100 percent. Any insight or help is thanked in advance.