At start sorry that this post comes from second account, but some mates know my main account and I don't exactly want them to know about this post. I am 20 years old male on my first year on university. There's this one girl that I kinda liked since the beginning, but I've got crush on her later on. We didn't talk much until December when I started to like her more and more, with one party before Christmas when i officially noticed that im crushing on her. I started texting her at the beginning of January and we had a few long conversations, even until late night, about our classess, hobbys, TV series, etc., and about us in general, so we learnt a bit about each other. But there's this thing that she never did text first, I was the one to initiate most conversations, but she indeed seemed interested in talk, we had a lot of laugh and she responded (mostly) regularly. On university we still talked sometimes (there isn't really that much time for it, also she mostly spends time with her 2 friends). After almost 2 weeks of conversations i have to decided to try and ask her if she would like for some coffee (I offered either next day or day after, because later on our exams started and we have a rough 2 weeks of learning, so I thought we may go before it all starts). She responded that unfortunately she doesn't have time this week (as I said, exams were soon and she always rushes for tram and then train to get home asap). Then I asked her when would possibly be fine for her, aa she followed with "possibly after exam session, and that it is hard to currently plan something". So ok, I decided to give her and myself some space before exams (we are still in exam session) so I stopped texting for a few days, with exceptions like our uni subjects or birthday wishes. She still didn't write first. But there's another thing. I thought that everything is the same as it was after my question, but then I started feeling more and more like an air next to her. I have to state that few of my friends say that im overthinking and overreacting a lot of things, but well, i don't feel the same around her now. Im feeling like in group talks she doesn't actually listen to me as before, and if I ask her for something like how did the exam go or just for solution for exercise, I have to ask her 2 or 3 times before she replies, even though im literally not that far away from her. While chatting we have decided that we will do sober challenge up until the end of exams, and then there was this plan for the group party where we will hopefully talk after all the stress ends, but im concerned if it will be the same as it was supposed to be (Im planning to ask her once more after that). But question is, is she atleast kinda interested or was she just being nice, am I really overthinking so much and is there chance for this date to happen? Thanks for all the feedback in advance.