I met a girl on Instagram last July who was a football fan of the same team that I was of. Slowly yet steadily the conversation started flowing without any problems. After about a month of texting I started to like her but I didn't tell her. She also showed some interest in me(but now I'm not sure anymore). After one month I asked for her whatsapp number which she shared with me right away. It was our first phone cal I was really nervous then so I confessed my feelings to which she replied that relationship is not possible for the time being I accepted it and continued talking to her. Slowly she opened up to me about her ex-boyfriend and how did they broke up. I listened to her and consoled her now and then showing that I'm there for her now and she can trust me. She became more Frank in our conversations and one day she was too much drunk so she said that she also has feelings for me and wants a relationship with me. Next day went too much sweetly she was good and all no problems there but the nest day she said that I should forget about her confession and that it was out of place. When I asked the reason she said that she doesn't want relationships with anyone and wants to remain single I said no problem even though I was bleeding from inside. Then we made a plan of meeting up after talking for three months which eventually got cancelled because she got in an accident. After that she started to push me away little by little. The length of phone calls was same but the mushy talks reduced due to her. Then she started to slowly friendzone me and told me that she only considers me as a good friend. After about five months we fought for the first time ever becoz she was being too much negative about life and I couldn't take it anymore so my anger burst out and we stopped talking for about one week after which we again fought and another one week break. After the second break I was totally emotionally imbalanced but the feelings towards her were still strong. My heart was saying that I should stay and persevere and my mind was saying that I should get the hell out of there. Due to this mix-up of emotions I fought with her again resulting in her blocking me on social media for one whole month during which I was a complete psychological mess. Then after one month she unblocked me in the last week of February. I didn't message her but due to this Corona scare I was worried about her and ended up messaging to her. Then once again we started talking. Everything was going normal and all. I was also happy with just being able to hear her voice. I told her that I'm not expecting anything from her this time around and I slowly proved this to her and I'll love her in my own way without hurting her decision to stay single. Whole March we conversed happily with each other I endured when she called me friend and that we'll only be friends forever. I know that I was hurting somewhere on the inside but I persevered and slowly tried to convince her that my feelings are genuine and I'll not anyone hurt her again including myself. But sad reality struck me again two days ago she told me that she can't endure anymore and that she's getting a headache due to the conflict between her past memories with her ex and my love. She told me that she's sad and broken and she's the worst and that she will never be ready for relationship to which I again tried to console her show my sincerity by telling her that I'm ready to wait for her even if it takes more than 10 years but alas she still rejected me and said that I should promise her that I'll not cry everyday and try to be happy. She also told me that she doesn't want this but this has to happen so that I can't get hurt in the future. But this time she didn't block me on any platform but I can't message her beacuse she made me promise this also that if I want her to be happy then I'll not message. And so another Golden Rejection has been added to my long list of Proposal Rejections. I think that no matter how you show your sincerity and feelings guarded girls still don't trust you much coz they're too much hurt in the past and I'm not posting this here to undermine all those guarded people out there, I'm only trying to say that sometimes you have to see the world from a different perspective not everyone is the same as the person who has hurt you. Your guardedness can eventually hurt you in the long run and the person who showed genuine feelings for you and still got rejected.