Hello everybody in this group so i have ben having a lil problem here really has had me depressed. my ex came threw my crib after 4 years apart i had moved to another city. We have always ben in contact on social media etc but this time we saw each other in person so my 1st week back she hits me up the day after the superbowl she is blowing up my phone and texts me woww so ur not gonna answer my calls. I answerd late cause i was sleeping i end up answering again and she asks me if its okay to come over my house i say okay as i dont think much of it maybe she just wants to catch up on life etc see how im doing dawg was i wrong. So she comes threw i make some food for the both of us she eats and we are just catching up on life and stuff. She then starts getting comfy she starts getting closer to me laughing at everything i say and then lays down on my bed. I was really trying to just vibe with her really scan her see what was the reason for her vist whole time i going threw thoughts in my head and i ingore her by accident she notices im not focused on her. My heart starts racing fast i lay down put on some netflix and we start cuddling ETC... After we talk on the bed she tells me how she loves me. Dat she wants to go on another date wants me to meet her dads family he was in prison wen we were together and im thinking ok maybe we are gona try things again. After we kiss ETC i drop her off she tells she will see me tmr and says she loves me. Hours pass and she dosent call text i start getting a little pissed cause i feel like she just played me. She,ends up calling me and says she fought with her mom and didnt feel like talking to nobody i say ok and dont think much of it. We then make plans for her to go with me to get my haircut as,she told me she wanted to spend time with me. The next day and she tells me im not gona come threw at this point i know she is playing games and i tell her whats the deal she then starts with the drama im moving to fast she is overthinking shes not ready for nobody she wants to focus on herself. Ever since then i have ben blocked on her instagram she wont call me or text. And i dont know what i did wrong or why she is playing with me like this i feel horrible everyday as i should have knew her intentions and should have never let her come to my home and take my energy did i do something wrong did i make her feel bad rushed. She tells me she loves me but honestly i feel like she dosent ever since then i cant stop thinking about her or the fact of how nasty she played me. Any advice guys or what i should do thanks.