Me and this guy have been talking for a while. I had recently gotten out of a 4 yr relationship with my baby's' father and had been broken up for half a year. People ask why im able to move on with no issues, well I gave our relationship multiple chances even though for our last two years, I no longer loved him. Hence is why im able to move away from the relationship because I didn't have no emotional attachment to him anymore. I ended up meeting this other guy randomly out side of a bar. He was outside of his house smoking. We chatted up and he invited me upstairs, I knew it wasn't a good idea but I was begging for attention at the time so I said yes to hanging out. We hung out and talked, he told me I was cute, but he didn't make any moves. Then we hung out a second time and it was still pretty chill,no moves made. So the third time I got an opportunity to hangout with him, he asked me over Snapchat if I wanted to "cuddle", which I knew what it meant automatically. All emotional attachment gone from my ex, I figured it wouldn't kill me, what did worry me though is that I only had been with my ex, and he took my virginity. So being with a second person sexually was an option I wasn't completely open to. I agreed to the cuddle sesh and went over to his house. He lives with two of his siblings, both younger. I went over, and I figured you know what happened next. Every since that, I was a little hooked and slightly crazy. I tried to see him almost every day, I texted him every day, my feelings grow stronger, EVERYDAY. I'm not ready for a serious relationship but I do like him enough to consider being official in the future. But here is where the problem lies... After we had sex, he stopped texting me constantly. Like he still does since that day sends me a morning text, and he'll text me when he's at work but I only get to see him once a week. He has weekends off and that's when he is less responsive. I made him aware of my feelings and he somewhat blown them off. Every time I tried to break off the arrangement, he just asks what he did wrong and if I'm okay. I'm always unsuccessful when it comes to breaking it off because he seems to care so much. I KNOW HE DOESN'T HAVE A GIRLFRIEND, HE'S BROUGHT ME AROUND FAMILY, FRIENDS, AND CO-WORKERS. I don't know if he's just talking to another girl or not, but I know for sure he doesn't have a girlfriend. So anyways, I still get to see him only once a week and lately he hasn't been giving me any. He doesn't have his own room, he sleeps on the couch so that's where most of our intimacy has been done. He's been stressed out lately, I know for sure and he's been talking about getting his own place. So maybe it's the fact that we don't have privacy, even though we usually wait till everyone was gone or sleeping. This one time I came over because he invited me, I didn't ask, I misread the situation. I started touching his parts and he stopped me, told me that it isn't always about sex. That confused me because I came to an conclusion that I should know my place and know that I would only be a FWB, so when he told me that, it confused me. He told me it's okay to just chill sometimes, so that made me like him even more. We went over to his friends house and he made sure I was okay and such, he must've read my body language because he told me that he liked me and that he wants me to feel comfortable, and that also made me like him even more. sometimes I would spend the night and the next day he would buy me food, and he's bought me drinks, and more food lol. Which also makes me like him more. But every time I try to tell him I like him, he takes it lightly and never responds to it, he'll just change the subject. I can't tell if he likes me or just using me for booty, because he hasn't been needy for sex ever or for my company. If anyone is, it's me. I truly understand if he's not ready for a serious relationship, I'm not either because there are still things I need to get in order, but I want to know if he sees me as a potential mate or not.  So what do u guys think? Does he like me or not? I'm tired of racking my brain