Okay so our story begins on tinder. I decided to join tinder 2 months after my boyfriend broke up with me. We started dating when we were 16 and broke up at 18, so he was pretty much my first for everything like I hadn’t even talked to any guys before him. So once I got over our break up I was pretty excited to start talking to other guys and I made a decision that I wouldn’t date anyone for a while just because I wanna have some fun and experiment and also because I’m going to uni now and I’m pretty focused on that. I’m just gonna be honest here I was looking for a friends with benefits type of relationship. So I’m swiping on tinder and I come across this guy that’s definitely my type, is only a year older than me and goes to the same uni as me. Anyways long story short we match start talking and we’re pretty much both on the same page about being fwb. We talked for like 2 or 3 weeks I think and we made plans to meet up one day but he canceled last minute which really pissed me off just cause I had already left the house and he pretty much just wasted my time. But we keep talking and he wants to meet up again but I’m like nahhhh.  Okay so this is a bit of a side note but I’m 18 now and I’ve been wanting a nose job since I was like 15 and I was gonna get it done in January 2020 ( we started talking in December 2019) so I just thought I’d get my nose job and then meet him, I mean he had obviously seen photos of me but still. So I pretty much ignored him for 3 weeks in January and I text him in February and we decided we’d meet up in March once we start uni.  Also just thought I should include that I’ve sent this guy nudes. So we meet up at uni and he said he found a quiet place where we could fuck so we fucked that day. And it was okay I mean he’s only the second person I’ve fucked and it was out first time meeting in person so it was obviously not amazing or anything. Anyways a few days after that our uni gets canceled and online classes start. We still talk but he doesn’t text me as much like before he’d text everyday and now it’s like once every 2 or 3 days. Maybe that’s normal though but I’m not sure cause I’ve never just like talked to a guy. Also he called me lame this one time and weird another but he’ll still text me saying how much he misses me and that he can’t wait to fuck me again. So I’m just wondering what should I do. Should I be texting him more or waiting for him to text me? Was sending nudes a bad idea? What’s his deal? Tell me ur experiences with fuckboys and fwb if u have any.