So I’m hoping I can get some advice from everyone... not just the men. 
In October I matched with a guy via the bumble app. He lived an hour away and worked about 80 hours a week for the job he has. Divorced with a daughter In college and a teenage son he has responsibilities.  We met up the first time and he was a total gentlemen and would make the first move until I initiated it. I had left a cruddy trust related relationship recently and so having this guy tell me how amazing I was and beautiful was just so refreshing. And he meant it. We really clicked and would talk via text whenever he could - he worked nights so finding time was tough and early mornings before he got to sleep were the best. we talked sports, music, beer, and just checked in with eachother. We met up again and he loved the area I lived in. The date went really well and if it hadn’t been for alternate plans I had made, he most likely would have stayed much longer. Everything was fine until a few days later when he sent me a text saying he just couldn’t do a relationship right now. Not with me and not with anyone. He said he hardly had time for himself because when he wasn’t working he was with his son. Or visiting his daughter.  All he could give me was a dinner once in awhile and to stay friends. I absolutely agreed and understood. His work is very stressful (I have 2 friends who do the same kind of thing), and so he knew that I understood where he was coming from regarding that. He worried I was going to hate him and I didn’t. I thanked him for not ghosting me. We texted randomly after that and it dropped off. I knew he had some time off around Xmas so I wished him a good one and said if he wanted to come up he could. No reply. Suddenly before New Years I got a text during an ice storm from him saying to be careful on the roads. I waited and texted him back. He wrote back and we picked up like we hadn’t ever stopped talking. He was very flirty and said he would like to see me. I told him he could anytime and to not be a stranger. That was the last text and I am unclear about his motive. Was he checking in to see if I still had feelings for him? should I randomly text him and not leave it to him to chase me like my friends are saying? Gah. I don’t want to lose a chance with him if he’s waiting for me to make a move. thanks for the advice in advance :)