Just like the title says, I (25F) showed up at his house (30M). Background story, I met him my sophomore year of college, almost three years ago, Im new to the city, blah blah blah,, dating app. We met up, never hooked up but got into an unofficial relationship. Had just started his professional career and was too busy for me or see me often. I knew it would work out he’d flake a lot and then fell off for a few months off and on, but I swear this guy has been texting me for three years straight checking up on me out of the blue at the most random times when I’m legit dating someone else. Of course, it would always be friendly and He’d text me, something along the lines, “Hey how are you?”, or “ how are your classes going?” Sometimes the random, “I’d like to see you again” Every month or every other month sometimes 3 months or more without hearing from him. Again, super random times. So up until last year it had been two years since I last saw him. The same day I met up with him,  after two years, I felt that spark that energy that told me everything was so right with him. Long story short we had sex that’s same day. And then we’d off and on hook up like a FWB. He’s told me he was just going to go with the flow for us and he’s said he didn’t like to sleep with other people while seeing me, giving me the hint that maybe he wanted exclusivity. He’d call me baby when we had sex, and he’d said I was his best. The connection was amazing. So, Ok, I stopped seeing other people so on and so forth but again we eventually fell off. I got into a serious relationship after that and he didn’t contact me for about four months. figured all he wanted was sex right? One day while I was having dinner with my boyfriend he calls me. HE HAD NEVER CALLED ME BEFORE. I didn’t know it was his number so logically I picked it up. As soon as I heard his voice my heart sunk and it created some tension and problems between my then boyfriend. My FWB had said he missed me and that I should have never disregarded him like that. I didn’t know what to say as I told him I felt lied to and just didn’t like the off and on, wanted something stable, maybe it was miscommunication and I told him to not contact me because I was in a relationship. This was less than a month ago, and I’ve been thinking about it ever since. I left my boyfriend not for him, but for other reasons which have nothing to do with this FWB. Fast forward to today, it was 10:30pm and I got this feeling like I needed to see him. So as my heart was pounding and my hand were sweaty I raced to his house. I know I know it sounds stalkerish... My original plan was to only leave my number on his windshield in hopes that he’d text me and get into my car and drive off in hopes that he’d see it and text me. But I saw someone at his gate and figured what the heck, I’ll just go thru the gate and knock on his door. I honestly don’t know why that was the best idea that came to my mind. I some how thought that since he has been trying to contact me for years off and on he would totally want to talk to me. Guess that wasn’t the case. I get to his door, knock on it once no one answers. Knock on it twice no one answers so I skip the piece of paper with my number but as soon as I try to leave I hear the door lock unchain. My heart is coming out of my chest and I’m trying to grab the words to say to him and I don’t know what to say. He opens the door. Looks at me so confused because we haven’t seen each other since September, and he’s says, “oh”. I say, “I’m sorry to come like this” and he replies, “umm”. Like he doesn’t know what to say I mean I don’t blame him. Nervously I ask if I can come on and he says, “ no I’m sorry I have company”. I immediately apologize for bothering turn around go down the stair and get into my car ASAP. I felt like a dog with its tail between its legs. I showed up unannounced. But why is there a little part inside of me screaming at me, saying I’m so stupid for doing something like this, showing up to someone’s house like that. SO WEIRD!! , and then another part of me so proud of myself for just going for it. And why is there a part of me that thinks, why doesn’t he want to see me? He’s been trying to contact me off and on for the past three years why is it different now? Was it because I rejected him for once and told him not to contact me. Like I get he has company but couldn’t he just tell me I’ll text you later. I just want some answers reddit. I’m confused but I swear I’m not a stalker nor crazy.