There’s this guy. We’ve been close friends for several months now. Towards the end of 2019 we found out we both were interested in each other, so we started to date. Dating him was...interesting. He was always super nice and supportive over text message, but barely even talked to me in real life? Like at school he’d just ignore me. It was weird, but I let it go because after school he’d always text me about how much he likes me and be so supportive. He’s a pretty shy guy, so I supposed this behavior was because he was scared of expressing his true feelings to my face. Then, things got weird. During Christmas break we both were going on vacation, so we couldn’t see each other. We texted all the time and stayed in touch. He was so nice, supportive, and loving. But, things were just awkward between us when we got back to seeing each other in real life after the break ended. We planned a date, and it was so awkward. Our dates never used to be that awkward. The next day I asked him what he thought about that date and he said he enjoyed it (I still think he’s lying). At this point, I was thinking about ending it. I didn’t really feel that connected to him anymore and the fact that he would ignore me in front of our friends at school was becoming increasingly annoying. I didn’t want to be lame and do it over text, because he’s in my friends group and I wanted to preserve our friendship even after we broke up. I asked him, “when do you want to go out again? Are you free?” since I was planning on breaking up with him when we met next. He bluntly replied, “I’m busy this week.” He straight up blew me off. I asked to FaceTime him, but he denied. He was being distant and weird so I just decided to break up with him over text because he wasn’t giving me any other options here. It would’ve been ten times worse if I dumped him at school, since we’re always surrounded by people. So, in the nicest way possible, I sent the break up text. He said that he was actually relieved and that he’d been thinking about breaking up too. So you’d think that was that and it’s all just water under the bridge. But no. After the break up, we continued to go back to being good friends and talked regularly, and suddenly things weren’t awkward anymore and it was great. But, keeping such close contact with him made my feelings stay. Also, every couple weeks after we broke up, the topic of our feelings came up in conversation. He’d tell me that he still has feelings for me, but it’s just too hard to date because of his busy schedule and maybe we could get back together in the future. All these things that he would tell me made it extremely hard to get over him, and my feelings still lingered. I told my best friend what was going on and she said that he’s being manipulative and telling me these things just to make sure I never get over him. Months passed and we still remained good friends. I was annoyed that I still had feelings for him, so I straight up asked him what we were and what he planned on doing about us. Then, he told me he has “commitment issues” so it’s going to take a while for him to be ready to be with me. At this point I was really annoyed and decided that it was time to exterminate all my feelings for him. But, it was really hard to do that because we were such good friends. Now we’re in quarantine, there’s no chance that we’re going to be seeing each other until this whole virus thing is over. It’s hard to stop thinking about him because we talk a lot, and I really just want to get over him. So, I just gave up and left him on read. We usually always respond to each other bc we are good friends, but I just didn’t know what to do. He won’t take initiative and tell me what we are, so I just decided to let him go and distance myself as a friend. It is hard and I do feel bad. Am I right in doing this? Is it finally time to just move on?