hello world! It seems kind of pathetic to be spilling my heart to a bunch of strangers, but I guess that’s sometimes just what we need...a third party to tell us what to do
let me start at the beginning. I am a freshman in college, and on my first weekend there I met a girl who lives across from me. right away I knew I liked her. I could tell she was smart, she was kind, and she was easy to talk to. I immediately wanted to be friends with her. I talked to her a little bit every day and before I knew it, we were close friends. 
Close friends turned into best friends in a month or two. I can say with 100 percent confidence I have never met anyone like her. I have never been able to be as open with anyone as I am with her. I have never met anyone who accepted me for all that I am the way she does. And she cares, she cares deeply. As cliche as it sounds, she makes me want to be a better person. Hell, she does make me a better person. She pushes me each and every day. 
I have
Never 
Ever 
Felt this way about anyone
Before. 
I guess I should add, I’m a girl too. I’ve always thought I liked other girls, but this makes it all real, this makes it all scary. I wondered if this was just a close friendship. Maybe I was just lonely and longing for a true connection
A few more months went by and those fuzzy feelings never left me. I feel warm inside every time she laughs, every time she walks, every time she speaks. If this is a friendship, it’s like no other I’ve had before. 
I hate being touchy feely with others 
But I find my hand in hers 
Or my head on her shoulder 
Or our eyes locking
And it’s scary. 
Because what do I do now?
Do I risk the closest friendship I’ve ever had?
Do I throw it all away to tell her 3 words?
“I like you”
Because if I tell her, what if she questions everything our relationship was built on?
Every kind thing I’ve done, I don’t want her to wonder if I only did them because of my feelings. 
So many feelings
And she’s going through a lot, so the timing’s not great
But it never is, is it?
Do I say it?
do I stay close to her always, but play it safe,keeping her near, but pushing her away at the same time
I’ve tried to go on dates
I’ve tried to forget
But I can’t get her out of my head
I just want to be near her all the time
My best friend