 I need your help everyone my husband is my first real boyfriend. He's done things that have made me really resentful. He says it's normal in the dating world for men to do these things I'll tell you the story and you can decide. Wen I met my husband he was visiting my hometown on vacation. We went on two dates and I was head over heels for him. It may seem crazy but I knew I wanted to marry him from our second date but he lived in a whole other city so I knew it wasn't going anywhere. He went back to his hometown and started dating other people and I continued on with my life but we never lost contact we still chatted online. I noticed he posted on Facebook about dating two girls and one of them called it quits and the other started ignoring him and was clearly involved with someone else as a total wtf about his dating life. Than randomly he messaged me  professing he really missed me and wanted to come fly out to visit me and wanted to be my boyfriend (but only wen we were in the same city) . I agreed to the arrangement cause it's hard for most monogamous long distance relationships to work. He came by to my city  and it was a magical experience for me. I thought our relationship would progress to a serious one but wen he flew back home he was a lot colder to me than usual. He did pay for my online internet access to play games together but he was wayyyy more distant than before so I confronted him. He told me he wasn't over an ex of his and that's y . (Which later on he confessed was a lie he told me because he was just trying to either get rid of me or create distance because he was talking to other girls and didn't want me too attached to him) Heartbroken I told him I would give him time to figure out whether he really wants to be with me. Which I did. I continued dating other men while he continued talking to other girls. We still communicated online but it wasn't the same intensity. 4 months later right after I got a boob job and sent him a titty pic he told me he's been thinking a lot about us and doesn't wanna lose me and wants to come to my city and try to live here permanently. I agreed. We dated more and he was a wonderful boyfriend nooo complaints from me.  he ended up proposing to me. I accepted. Than shortly before we got married one of the girls he dated contacts him and he shows a screenshot of him saying "ummm I'm getting married" and she seemingly apologizes and backs up. Later on that week We got married.  Months past and I find a pic of an old-time ex girlfriend in lingerie in his phone that was saved back when we started officially as a couple. He swore he just saved it from an online posting she did to just look at. I demand he deletes it. He does but than he secretly follows her on Instagram. I catch that he's still following her so he deletes her off Instagram. I was ready to leave him and he cried to me begging to stay. I demanded him to come clean about anything I should know about. he confesses that when we officially became a couple he secretly went on a trip  to visit a female friend out of state but didn't tell me cause It was a girl and he knew I would trip out about it.he swore she was only ever a friend and had the girl call me to verify they have only ever been friends but than she also made the comment that she had no idea he was dating anyone when he came to see her which is why  she was shocked when he told her he was married. after the phone call my husband began to cry and beg me for my forgiveness and his dishonesty earlier when we dated and I forgave him. But I feel like hes settling for me and doesn't want me but he obviously does as it's not easy for us to be together since he had to basically gave up his old life to move here. I wanna be a good wife but I basically feel pathetic for chasing a man who I kinda feel never really wanted me all that much. He claims that his behaviour while not the best is normal male dating behavior and it usually takes men awhile to get there head straight. Is this true?