Hi (20m), recently due to the quarantine I've had a lot to ponder on, especially when it came to my love life. I've never dated anyone, partly due to not finding anyone I'm willing to date and partly due to me being wrapped up in university and school in general, I take it very seriously. I've had no relationships, no love of my life, barley any crushes and I'm a virgin.  it's not like I've ever cared before but I've begun to feel the pressure to have sex. not only have my friends and those around have fun when it comes to dating and seems to really enjoy themselves when it comes to sex but it feels to me every time I watch a movie or a show on Netflix I'm just reminded of how inexperienced I am in love. I'm mean it would seem nice to date and to have sex (i really want to see what the fuss is about) but it seems I face the inescapable pressure to have sex and those around me come to me with their problems and I give sound advice coming from a neutral position but now more than ever I wonder "what about me? when am I going to complain about a girl or ask my friends for advice?".  I've been dealing with these thoughts for a while now and it just won't leave my head. maybe it is jealously or shame I think to myself and I know I'm not a shy or meek guy when it comes to anything in my life but when it comes to dating and sex I honestly feel like clown and pretender, this is the one thing I don't have confidence in and if I'm being honest I feel weak because of it like I have no control over this part of my life. I've done some research on it but all this pick up artist crap I see on youtube/the general internet/books on dating and all of that is basically subtle manipulation and dark psychology which isn't something I feel comfortable doing when trying to put myself out there. I tried online dating but it seems like a shallow joke for people to be entertained by, not really conducive to finding relationships IMO. I'm just very lost and confused, I have no idea how those around me navigate the dating world, it wasn't until recently like a month ago I decided to put myself out there. really I'm just looking for some guidance on how to do this in a way that isn't creepy or manipulative but two people choosing to talk to each other. please let me hear your thoughts on my situation, feel free to drop some advice, life stories quite frankly anything you can offer in my dating struggles. I know were in quarantined but it would be nice to get a head start so I can get out there when this hopefully blows over. peace.