so this girl (we are both 17) and i have been talking everyday for a month or so and went on several dates and we both told eachother we really liked the other and we were about a step away from becoming a couple (wouldv been my first gf). Suddenly, i found her texting a dude in her phone labeled with heart emojis under his name. After doing some digging, i found out it is her ex-bf and they still do small things like comment romantic things under each others posts and call each-other, etc. I asked her straight up if she still associates with her ex and she said they had been on and off for a few months now. We talked about for a bit more but she was so indirect with when i asked her if they were still toghether that i decided to simply ask later. Asking later lead to her getting very angry and changing her story of them being “on and off” to “just friends” and she claims she never said they were on and off. She then proceeds to hide all evidence of him from her instagram because she knows i have been looking and found out through there. I tell her straight up that i like her and arnt looking to be played and she said “well if you arnt comfortable with me and my ex being friends, then i guess we can’t be friends and it ends here” so i responded “it ends here then” and she came back to me saying “nono i meant like ill cut him off for you is what i wanted to say” but she only said that after the fact that i was about to cut her off, which makes me think she changed her words to get me to stay. I decided to try one more time and give her and chance so i brought it up one final time in the nicest way possible just to clarify what she meant by cutting me or him off earlier and she left me on read and we haven’t spoken since. I think she simply has feelings for her ex and can’t decide between me and him and she is being very secretive about it all and i don’t like that. I have the strongest of feelings for her but i can’t just sit around and let myself be played like i have been before. Everyone around me who witnessed it is telling me to cut her off because i’m simply a rebound for her or she’s gonna cheat on me in the future. So....i feel like absolute dog shit and feel like a ruined a good thing i had going for me in my life but at the same time i couldn’t let her do me like that and lie so much to my face while she still has feelings for her ex. Reddit, Do you think i did the right thing?