 I met this guy on a dating app and on the first day we talked on the phone for hours. We also talked on the following day and it was great. He seemed fun and smart, talked a loooot about himself. One thing that was weird is his extreme openness, he literally told me about his ex and their sex (like wtf?) and shared stuff that normally strangers don't. Also talked a lot about sex. Then he proposed meeting up which I declined because of the pandemic. After few more phone calls we had a misunderstanding and he hung up on me. I After several weeks he contacted me again saying he missed me and wanted to continue talking. I made him apologise for hanging up on me and we had a phone conversation again. Somehow it ended up in phone sex which was new to me. In the middle of it I didn't feel well and we stopped. Idk why I didn't stop him earlier but he also didn't ask if I were ok with this and if I wanted to do it. After this conversation I felt terrible about myself and about what happened and he also started kind of pulling away. He didn't ghost me but stopped showing any interest. I know he had an important project to finish at the time but at the same time he was online for hours without texting me. I felt used and fucked over and eventually had a breakdown. I sent him a long text saying how I felt and why I felt that way. He asked if I wanted him to come to talk and that he really liked me and wanted to get to know me in person and that he wanted to keep talking. He also said he had been busy with the project that's why we didn't talk as much. The next day we texted for while and it seemed like he tried to make me tell him I like him back. He was doing in a kind of passive-aggressive manner and I felt like he was pushing my boundaries again, forcing moves. I said I liked talking to him and would meet after the quarantine is over, but I made it clear that I need time. Suddenly he cut me off saying something like "I just want to hug you and comfort you, I like you and not letting you go“ and it felt so insincere, my gut was telling me it's all bs. Then he suggested meeting again. I refused and the conversation ended there. What do you think? Does he seem like a f\*ckboy? I am totally new to online dating and I am confused, but this whole thing feels wrong.