I’ve [25y/o F] been dating my now boyfriend [23 y/o M] on and off since 2017. We started off as friends, and things were complicated, but we’ve always liked each other. Our friendship evolved over time to what it is now. Since the beginning of this year, we’ve been pretty serious, but there are a few small issues I’m coming across. One of my major issues is to do with our difference in sleep patterns. Sleep is really important to me and I often have really long busy days from work and being a mom and part time college student online. He does not have kids and stays in his one bedroom at his moms house. He is “helping” them financially and paying on furniture and a truck for both them and himself. He has a small bed room and owns a king size temperapedic bed. Meanwhile I’m currently staying in trailor that used to be my grandma’s before she passed away. The place is pretty decent for just me and my son, with a few minor issues that need to be fixed. I have two bedrooms, a living room, a kitchen and a bathroom plus I have plenty of yard space. My bed is about a queen size. When he comes over, I often am lounging on the couch and sometimes we fall asleep there and then move to my bedroom if we wake up. I know it’s not as comfortable as his bed, but i think it’s pretty decent to serve it’s purpose. At night time it often takes me a long time to fall asleep, and contrarily, I am a light sleeper and wake up with the slightest movement or sound. We both have work in the morning. He has to be at work at 7am, and I have to drop my son off at school by 7 and be at work by 8. I have a way longer commute time in the morning than he does, so during the week, I try to wake up by 5:30-6am to get me and my son ready and leave by 6:30-6:45. I enjoy maximizing every minute of my sleep if possible. We live about 10 minutes or less away from each other. The big issue is he will spend the night and leave in the middle of the night around 3:30am, if not before that. He won’t say bye most of the time and often is not aware that he wakes me up until later that day when i message him about it that i couldn’t sleep after he left. (It does not help that he slams the door really hard to close it.) I will lay in bed with my eyes closed for what seems like hours unable to return to sleep. After 2 hours of unsuccessful sleep, I decide to get up, but I am frustrated and feel unrested. I know it’s not his fault and there could be a combination of factors at play here including my slight insomnia, but this has been an issue in the past where I told him that I enjoy my nights with him, but if he’s going to have to wake up in the middle of the night to please just stay home. I know it sounds a bit mean, but it is hard enough for me to sleep. I do not want to keep nagging him about the issue either, and I don’t know what to do. I’ve never dealt with differing sleep patterns like this with past relationships. In my past, the guy tends to get wake up later to get ready to be at work at a similar schedule with similar commute times as my now boyfriend and so in total, he would get more sleep than I do. In this case, it has been quite opposite. I understand he may have things to do in the morning, such as shower or the occasional wash of a load of clothes, but I don’t understand the length of time he needs to do that. When I previously addressed this issue, he had stopped leaving in the middle of the night and began bringing a pair of clothes to get changed at my house, but he has recently stopped doing that. I just desperately want my sleep back, does anybody have any other tips? Or is this a doomed failure?