This is a bit long but please stick with me and comment any help or tips. So me and this girl have been bestrfiends since 7th grade. We are both sophmores (16 years old). We've always kind of liked each other but never made it official or tried other than 1 time in 8th grade. That brings us to start of my sophmore year we started talking again. We started hanging out on a regular and started the "talking" phase of our relationship in August. It was amazing, I was at the highest point I've been everything was going good for me and I was finally getting a chance with my dream girl. At the very start of October we started dating and made it official. It was amazing. She is everything I've ever wanted and she does nothing wrong. She's just overall perfect. All I've ever wanted. She's my first Love or "highschool sweetheart" i guess. First girl I introduced to my parents, first girl I had sexual experiences with etc. I love her and treat her like a queen. Our relationship went perfectly. We are still dating to this day but I did something and I hate myself for it. Back in november, 1 month after we started dating I went to a music festival in a different state. At the end of the night while I'm still in the crouds squished up this girl started grinding on me. I don't know what I was thinking at all. I was a bit under the influence but that still shouldn't have been an excuse. I let it happen and I started sexually touching this girl (she was ok with it). I had no reason too. I wasn't thinking at all. I don't know why I did it at all. After a few minutes of that going on it finally hit me and I kind of snapped back into reality and removed myself from that situation. and went on with the festival. I never told my girlfriend about it because I just could not handle the fact of her breaking up with me. I really did (still do) love her to death. I blocked that memory out of my head and carried on and our relationship continued and it was perfect. I really do love her. I'm the most respectful and just overall a good person. What happened at the festival was just not me at all. I know it won't ever happen again. I just am not that person to do shit like that and I can't believe I did what I did at the festival. The past 3 weeks have been horrible. i started re experiencing the memory and I feel horrible. I hate myself so much. Im dealing with so much depression i just don't know what to do. I know what i did was not me at all and i just fucked up. I feel like I have to tell her but if i tell her i know shell end the relationship and she has the right too. I just don't know how to forgive myself. I don't know if i should tell her. That 1 desecion i made for 5 minutes completely changed everything. I feel like i fucked up my relationship with my dream girl and i hate myself. I feel like a horrible person even though I just know I'm not. Someone please help me.