Okay so. This me and this boy have been good friends for over a year, like really close friends, we hang out probably 1 or 2 times a week. When we met we both were dating someone and eventually I broke up with my bf and he broke up with his gf and yeah. He’s always been touchy with me and gives me hugs a lot and holds my hand when we talk and he’s just a touchy person so it’s normal. Well he broke up with his gf over the summer and we talked about it and stayed good friends nothing happened. I kinda have had a crush on him for a bit but I never expressed it or told anyone. Well about a week ago he said he was catching feelings for this girl he works with and she opened up to him about stuff and what not but he said she was talking to another dude so he didn’t think he liked her. And I was kinda sad he liked this girl but whatever I didn’t think much about it. WELL he had a little get together at his house last week and we were drinking and me and him were talking like the whole night and he kept coming up to me and touching me and cuddling me and what not and stuff like that and I was happy. So anyways we got alone together and he showed me these flowers and then he asked me if he could kiss me, so I said yes and we kissed and then he told me he’s liked me since he met me and he had dreamed of this. Oh and also he asked if I would sleep with him (not like that) but just sleep in the bed with him that night earlier. So we kissed a lot and talked and everything was really great and we were happy. So the next day I left while he was asleep because I had class and he texted me and asked if I was ok and we texted a little bit nothing big but he was being kinda short and not being like he normally is. He never mentioned that night and neither did I and we still haven’t mentioned it and he hasn’t been texting me at all but I mean we never texted anyways . But he came over the other morning like he always does and I could tell he was a little awkward but he held my hand still and was touchy and we talked and laughed whatever but we didn’t mention that night at all. So WTF idk if he likes me and just doesn’t wanna bring it up or if he’s waiting for me to? I’m not sure what to think I just really really like him but idk if he does like me as much as I do . Tell me if you think he likes me , I need advice thanks!!!