Alright so I got into a relationship with my girlfriend on March 10, and emergency situation in our country started 5 days later. So I haven't seen her since then. On our second date she told me "I love you" which I wasn't prepared for and I told her that I can't say the same thing to her as it is too early. She was also overly flirty with me and she wasn't scared to touch and try to kiss me. I searched a bit online and concluded that she has daddy issues (since her father was traveling a lot during her childhood). Anyways, we messaged every day, we spoke a couple of times on video call etc. She is usually the one to start messaging me. Sometimes when I don't respond within an hour, she'll start spamming me. To be honest, I'm not very communicative over messages with her because I consider that as needy behaviour. Two days ago, she stopped messaging me and I sent a short video, which she saw 4 hours later but she didn't reply. I didn't think anything about it. The day after she didn't message me either (she would always message me in the morning and in the evening). Today, still nothing. I posted a couple of stories on instagram on which she usually replies, but she didn't. I didn't send her any messages after the video I sent because I've got self respect and don't wanna come out as needy. This is something I read online "When a women feels threatened by the possibility of losing you, her subconscious will take action by cutting you off. She may start a fight, break up with you or even cheat, just to prevent herself from getting the first cut". What I'm thinking is that because I wasn't too responsive to her messages, she concluded that I don't like her/or that I don't care that much about her. It might be because she is anxious cuz of this corona virus situation and loneliness. So what should I do? How do I message her? If I ask her if everything is alright, she will say "yes". I was thinking of maybe telling her on April 10 that it's been a month since we've got together. Maybe that will show her that I do care about her. Any advice would be appreciated.