So I am newly onto the dating scene.  I was in a long term relationship for 18 years that ended about 2 years ago.  I got my own apartment and tried to move on.  I focused on work and myself and was somewhat successful at it.  I was offered a chance to move for my job with potential for advancement in the near future.  So I took it.  While at this apartment in let’s call it City1, I started looking at OLD.  Fantastically, even though I had never actually dated in my adult life(met my ex in high school), I met a woman from City2 where the job would take me(3hours drive away).  We dated, hit it off well, and started travelling back and forth on the weekends.  We were enamoured with each other.  This goes on for 7 months.  During that 7 months, she asks if I want to move in with her when I move to City2.  Like an idiot caught up in love, I enthusiastically agreed.  I sold furniture from my apartment and got rid of a lot of my stuff, as she had a house full of furniture where she was renting.  I moved in and things went well for a time.  But idk exactly what went wrong, but we started having issues.  Long story short, we tried to repair it, but ultimately after 5 months of living together, we broke up and I moved out.  So now I find myself single again, having been on 2 dates in my life at 39, in a city with no friends, in a new apartment with barely any furniture...  it feels like a college dorm room in here.  Further complicating this is the fact that I will again need to move for my job at the end of this year.  So what the hell do I do?  I’ve been feeling a bit lonely but how do I date someone knowing that I will be moving again in 9-10 months?  Even if by some miracle I found someone uninterested in a relationship, how do I deal with this apartment?  I have no couch or chairs in my living room.  Should I bite the bullet and buy living room stuff?  I don’t want to move it as my move could potentially be very far away.  Everything else is somewhat normal, just undecorated—which I’m working on.  Am I just doomed to stay single and alone until I move?  Any advice would be much appreciated.