So I recently left my previous job, and there is a coworker who always try to ask me out on a date. When I was still working at the store, he’d dm me through Instagram but I wasn’t really that interested because he was known as one of those players at work. Since I’ve left, we kind of just talked again and I accepted to go on a date with him. He told me he was so happy cause it took him so long to get me to go on a date with him and he did a lot of research to see if I was dating someone else. At first, I was just going to see how it goes but at the same time I kind of just wanted to have sex. We both ended up having sex on our first date, and we met up a few more times later on. I recently found out that he’s been seeing another girl, or even other girls before I went out with him according to his sister (I also worked with his sister at the same store). I kind of got attached to him after a couple of dates. I know we are not exclusive or going to be exclusive and I tried not to show that I’m attached to him. Usually he’d text me a lot when he wants to see me. But afterwards the texting dies out. I also found out he blocked me once right after he asked me what I was doing because it did not show “delivered” on the bottom of the chat but he was still active on Instagram. I told my friend to text him a “wrong number” text and he replied to it. He then unblock me the next day and acted like nothing happened and he wanted to see me. The texting continued to slow down but he always text me a lot when he thinks I’m ignoring him or maybe he’s bored and want to see me? Sometimes if I don’t reply within a few mins or hours, he will constantly text me. Telling me what he’s doing and stuff. Asking me what I’m doing or how I’m doing. I recently confronted him asking him why he constantly text me if he doesn’t want to talk to me in the first place. He replied saying he does want to talk to me and he doesn’t know what I’m saying. He said he likes me a lot. I’m really tired of this waiting game and I stopped replying to him after he said that because I think he’s playing with me. He hasn’t texted me afterwards either and he’s rarely active on Instagram. I keep thinking he’s with the other girl he’s been FWB with. He also viewed one of my story and then skipped the rest. Does this means he’s done with me or should I say something to him?