A little bit of history between me\[34M\] and her\[26F\]. I'll call her M. After my divorce I was working at Disney World during 2014. We would usually get new workers every four months or so because of the Disney college internship.  There aren't a whole lot of guys working at Disney and I would even go as far as labeling half the male workers as being gay. So it was easy for me to have casual relationships with the new girls every season because there was almost no competition.  I tried to pull the same thing with M as she was cute but she was a bit awkward and always ran off when I tried to talk to her so I thought she was a lost cause.  She left the company once her internship was over and I didn't have her social media and had to forget about her. About a year later I found out that my coworker was still talking to her and asked her if I could add her on FB.  She said that's fine so I immediately messaged her and felt a connection.  She was cute before but now that she grew her hair out she was gorgeous plus we had so much in common.  At this point I did have a girlfriend and I was still leading M on.  I regret that.  She found out about it and she was casual about it saying "Huh.  I'm not surprised you have a gf" and stopped being flirty with me.  We grew distant but still talked.  A few months later I decided to leave my girlfriend because I had to relocate.  M's house was three hours away from my new location so we grabbed dinner together.  We had such a connection that I thought we would have sex by the end of the day but she didn't invite me to her house and I figured she was like that because she's shy and needs to see me multiple times before opening up.  So we kept talking and flirting after I moved.  It was going great but I also had needs so I did get a girlfriend while still talking to M.  M later asked me if she could come visit me and I was forced to tell her that I was seeing someone but I would still love for her to come visit me.  She seemed annoyed and was very cold to me after that but eventually was back to being my friend a few months later.  Things didn't work out between me and my gf so I dumped her and focused on talking to M more.  We were being flirty again once I told her that I don't have a gf.  We decided to meet up and get a hotel so we can finally show each other what we have been missing out on. But then I ended up blowing her off because my job didn't allow me to take the days off and she was pissed. I would be flirty but she would ignore them.  After months of talking casually, I really wanted to see M so I messaged her and asked her if I could come visit her.  She said "sure you can" and I was excited to see her again until she added "But I have a boyfriend so if you're looking for something more than hanging out, I can't give it to you" and that broke me.  I was so pissed that I told her that I'm not going and she nonchalantly said "your decision." which made me even more pissed.  I haven't talked to her in two months but I still missed her a lot so I messaged her recently and we are talking like friends.  A few days ago I asked her what she was doing and she sent me videos of her being silly and showing me around the house.  She was drunk but cute.  I asked her questions about her boyfriend and she sent me video clips of her answering my questions.  I then asked her what kind of underwear she's wearing and she sent me a video clip of her going through her boyfriends drawer and said "briefs" and ignored my other questions.  After she sent me a clip of her crying laughing at something, she stopped.  And today I woke up to a text of her saying that she found it very inappropriate of me that i kept asking her sexual questions knowing she had a boyfriend and if I continue this, she won't be my friend.  I don't know why she keeps mentioning her boyfriend when SHE is texting ME.  Is she trying to rub it in my face knowing that I like her?