There are two women in my life I ever loved (romantically). They both were not not conventionally attractive, they both were overweight, didn't have the most attractive faces, and I later realized they were both probably deeply insecure. None of that mattered, because in my eyes, they were some of the most beautiful women in the world (I met them at different times in my life not the same time btw). They are very differnt from each other but they both had a spontaneity about them, an infectious energy that always seemed to draw me in. We could make each other laugh like no other, and in both cases I don't think I was interested in them until I realized they were like mg best friend (at the time). The flirting was also aggressive and obvious, they'd grab my the or sit in my lap, I'd squeeze a butt, playful banter. In hindsight maybe if I just tried to outright sleep with them things would have worked out better, but I didn't want that. I would eventually work up the courage to ask them out and would always get rejected. They'd always do it kindly but at a certain point I started to feel like they were just stringing me along, once my interest in being more than friends had already been stated I started to feel like I was being used. I met the first girl (lets call her Hannah) in highschool, I gave up on us being more than friend freshmen year of college. Once I got to college I met someone and we started dating. I was back in my home town for the summer and me and hannah have one of our late night drives, she'd hop and my car and I drive her through the backwood and sometimes the city and we'd just talk for hours, some times my car would even run out of gas. At the end of the night I drive her back home and before she gets out of the car she grabs my thigh and says "I want to kiss you right now", I told her I wanted to kiss her too, but I can't Im dating someon. She says, " I know, I just feel like you never gave US a chance". I got a little angry but I calmy asked " what do you mean? I tried and I tried and you always said no, you didn't want me" she then replied, " she didn't know what she wants". I just told her sorry I can't.  She gives me a sad smile and gets out of the car. I ashamed to say, that before she got inside her house I ran out and kissed her. I told her, Id regret it if I never did. Nothing changed, I didn'tbreak up with my girlfriend, although we later drifted apart, and Hannah and I didn't talk for a long time after that kiss, it was over and things were never the same. Much later at a party, long after I had already given up on the second women that I may have loved (lets call her krista). She cornered me in an empty bedroom at a party we were both attending. We started talking, it was as fun as it always was. She eventually leans in close and tells me "You know, I regret never dating you in college". I tried to play it off cool, I laughed and said, "Hey, if you weren't attracted to me then you weren't attracted to me, what could you do?" (I am definitely below average in the looks department, but I work out a lot and have the body of greek god, just sayin). Then she says, "No, I was just scared of what people would think of me if I dated someone like you, but you know. If you were single I'd totally fuck your brains out". Even after she had said something so hurtful, every cell in my body was screaming for me to kiss her then take her to the strangera bed in the corner of the room. I was able to gracefully exit the conversation, I stayed at the party for another 20 minutes then I went home and cried. I broke up with my girlfriend the next day, I knew I wasn't really happy with her and I was just wasting her time. Now I'm with my current girlfriend and I just don't find her interesting. But at this point I don't know If I'll find anyone else. I have a LOT of experience, and the girls I like never seem to like me enough in return. And I find that with every passing day I have less and less interest in other women, we never seem to have interesting conversations, and while I can make anyone roll on the ground laughing, I find that not many women out there can do the same for me. My current girlfriend loves me more than anyone has loved me in my entire life. I didn't treat right in the beginning, but I saw how hard she was trying to make things work and that was enough to make me enamored. I still find her a bit dull and boring, but she's currently the most physically attractive person I've ever been with, I'm starting to think Im a bit broken and would self sabotage any future relationship, and she loves. Which I think is enough for me right now. I'm now endeavoring to be the must loving and attentive version of myself that I can be, she deserves to be treated right. I think I'm going to marry her soon, but an annoying part of me can't help but think that I've settled.