So I’ve been with my boyfriend a few years and he has a daughter from a previous relationship. We’ve always got along pretty well but recently things have been a little weird because I found out I am pregnant. I am about 5 months now and me and my boyfriend are excited but his daughter seems to baby unhappy. She is usually with us 50/50. And lately she has been a lot more distant towards me and a lot more clingy with dad. She told him she was a little upset because she won’t get all the attention anymore but he had a talk with her then it seemed better but then she came to stay with us for a couple months and her attitude has kind of changed towards me she seems a little catty and constantly brings up her mom and will give me attitude if I tell her anything to do like her homework or cleaning up her things. Her dad is usually at work all day so it’s pretty much me and her all the time. I sometimes feel overwhelmed but don’t really feel like I have any choice but to sit here and accept things the way they are and I don’t want to end things. She seems to be just staying to herself unless her dad is here then she will come out of her room. But she basically just watches tv all day long. She is 10 years old. I don’t really think that is healthy but don’t want to say anything for fear I will upset everyone. She finally went with her mom for a week and then came back with us and has now asked to stay with us for another week. I told my boyfriend I’d like to stay with the schedule we talked about because it feels good to have some alone time before the baby and be able to leave the house and go for walks or to my moms and things and he got really upset and said that I am causing problems and I should just say ok. I told him I’m not trying to cause any issues and he could do whatever he wanted and I would obviously support it but was really just saying how I felt because I would be the one that has to watch her and take her back and forth to her grandparents since he is working pretty much everyday. He said that it’s really not up to me and I shouldn’t even have an opinion since I’m not working right now I should just stay home with her and not have anything to complain about. I still pay my half of all bills etc I am just on a break from work until all the covid stuff cleans up. So I’m not really sure why he says things like that. I’m really just trying to enjoy a bit of a break before the baby comes and I have to go back to work and have no time for myself, etc. I’ve always catered to both of them, always treated her very sweet take care of her cook for her buy her things take her to do things but I am still told I am wrong for ever having an opinion when it comes to anything involving her. It just feels odd to have no say in how we do things or what happens but still be told I need to be responsible and watch her and put her first always. I’m sure her mom wants to spend time with her too. I don’t know what to do or how to react. I don’t want to seem like the bad guy or seem so selfish to ask for me time. And I don’t want her to feel like I don’t want her here because I do. I just want a little break every now and then. Am I wrong for feeling this way? What would you do in my shoes? Has anyone ever been through this?