Don’t use Reddit much but this morning I found myself bored, filled with anxiety, and stumbled across this group so here I am. Anyway, I’m not really the type to share things this deep on the internet but once again here I am.. I’ve been with this girl (f18) now for about 5 months I just turned (m21). Things have been good, but one day last weekend she randomly disappeared on me for most of the day and I wasn’t really stressing it but due to past bad experiences and trauma I got curious and has re-downloaded the app that we met on to see if there was a new bio or pictures put on there because that had happened to me twice in the past and honestly it hurt a lot. There wasn’t anything new it was all the same from 5 months ago so I deleted it again. Then, Wed. evening she was acting different and off too because you know how people start to take longer to reply to you than whatever their usual time to reply is? Or they don’t type the same it’s almost an un-engaged conversation or just vague boring replies like it’s a drag for them to talk to you right at that moment or just whatever? Yeah that’s how it felt. Then yesterday, (Thursday morning) I got curious again and was overthinking a bit after going to sleep Wednesday night wondering what was up. So I re-downloaded the app again and there’s 5 new profile pictures on there which really hurt to see. We had plans to hang out yesterday and I was going to say something about it but I didn’t want to sound crazy for saying I saw that but honestly at the same time I really don’t think it’s crazy to communicate, confront, or get things out into the open to mutually understand one another. But not everyone thinks that way which I understand. We did actually end up hanging out yesterday and it was great, everything was great. She even got me this thing as a gift and it was actually really cute in a way and I don’t really use that word but that’s how I’d explain it. I like her parents a lot they treat me like I’m family as mine do to her. Now this I guess I do sound crazy for but once again its just another suspicion I had due to past experiences. So before I left her snap score hadn’t moved at all since I had gotten there. Then 5-6 hours later when I got in my car to drive home it was still the same. Then after driving home (it takes about 20-25 minutes) it shot up about 125-150 in score which means snaps sent and received obviously. Which had me wondering okay so you can’t check your snap when I’m around I guess? Idk I want to ask or confront about the app thing and if this is still serious or not because I don’t want to get hurt or played again like I have in past experiences. It’s like fuck I care about you a lot but I don’t want time to keep going on only to get burnt again and end up hurting even worse. If you’ve been hurt before we all cope or hurt different. When I’m actually with with someone I’m so loyal and honest with them and it never feels reciprocated some months down the line with people. But when I’m single it’s fun to fool around some and just live and enjoy life but it’s better sharing experiences and daily life with the same person because that life style of fooling around with people gets boring and old. Any advice, opinions, or thoughts mean a lot.. If you read through all of this, I wanted to thank you for taking the time to do so.