My ex boyfriend and I broke up back in November but we’ve maintained contact. He was my first real boyfriend. I’m 22 now and still a Virgin so clearly we never had sex. Even though we broke up he’s been wanting to hook up with me. Mind you I’ve never met his family and I felt like he never took me serious so that’s why I was hesitant to have sex with him. A few days ago I told him that if we get together I’d like to actually go out and not hang out in my house all of the time like we used to and he said “we can hang out in my car ;)” meaning we can just drive and park somewhere and do sexual stuff. I didn’t want to because it’s been six months since I last saw him and didn’t feel comfortable doing all of that after not seeing him in so long. I also told him that the last time we went to the movies, I noticed that he was acting really closed off and to me it appeared like he was scared of someone he knows seeing us together. When I asked him if that was true he didn’t answer and then when I asked him again his reply was literally “idk” meaning I don’t know. I got really mad and I said “Not the answer I wanted to hear, it’s fine, you can forget about seeing me” and I told him “sometimes I really wish I’d never met you” and I also said that I deserve better because he NEVER truly gave me a place in his life. He said “damn okay” and he continued to leave me on read and I told him that I’ve always liked and care about him but he’s hurt me way too many times. When I check Instagram I noticed he blocked me on there and I asked him why he did that and he said “I’m so fucking done like this is all so annoying” he also changed the settings on Snapchat from delete messages after 24 hours to delete right after reading. So basically, everything I had finished saying was deleted right after. He later on said: “We’re good friends, but I don’t wanna talk right now.” And I said fine I’ll give you you’re space, talk to me when you can and he said “whenever that is.” I don’t regret anything I’ve said because a lot of it is true and I finally stood up for myself. My main question is why did he block me on Instagram but not on Snapchat?