so me (19M) and my ex broke up on february 24th. we got together on september 13th. for the first 3 months we were amazing. we had an amazing connection and we were so happy together. then in december, i was drunk, and a shady “friend” of mine convinced me to ask another girl for nudes. nothing ever came of it. no pictures were exchanged. i wanted to tell my girl but i couldn’t find the right time to do it and unfortunately someone told her anonymously so she didn’t hear it from me. she was hurt by it of course. but she told me that she thought we could get past this and that i’m worth it. so not even a week goes by, and i take her on a really nice date and go see christmas lights, we exchange gifts on christmas, we were back to normal. everything was perfect again. i felt horrible about the situation of course, but she told me that she knew how truly sorry i was and that i really love her and that she knows it’ll never happen again. then around the end of january she started acting different. she would barely talk to me, she refused to go to lunch with me on our break in between classes at college, and when i asked what was wrong she would get mad and wouldn’t tell me. this went on until we broke up. i still bought her a valentine’s day gift, which she didn’t even open and never thanked me for. after we broke up, her best friend showed her a picture of what i got her and she said that it’s ugly so she didn’t want it (it was a galaxy enchanted rose from doseofroses.com). so we break up on the 24th. later her best friend (who’s kind of close with me as well) tells me that she’s trying to get with my best friend of 12 years, while talking to some new guy. so she’s trying to get with 2 guys in less than a month. i talked to her the other day and talked about fixing things and i mentioned everything i did for her and she basically told me that i wasn’t enough and she never wanted to fix things. then she told me she has this fwb and tonight i saw her snapchat story of her sitting on his lap in his bed. and then he added me and put me on his private story and put her as his wcw and posted pictures of her in his jacket and with his dip. yes, i said dip. fucking disgusting. she’s literally intentionally trying to hurt me, knowing how hurt i am. i gave her everything. i bought her lunch everyday, even when i wasn’t eating, even though i was saving up for a new car that i wanted so badly. i would wait for her 3 hour chem lab to finish just to see her for 5 minutes before she had to leave for competitive cheer practice. she was my world. she told me that she wanted me to be the one, and that she saw a future with me. was all of that a lie? that now, barely a month after we broke up she’s fucking another guy? my heart has never physically hurt so bad and i just want to end it all. please give some advice, sorry for the long paragraph.