I (M19) should start at my early childhood, I used to have this childhood "girlfriend" (F18 currently). We kissed at some point, I felt a very close connection to her etc. But then I moved away, we stayed in touch for a few years, but ultimately we lost contact for about 11 years. Until one day I make an Instagram (I'm an aspiring artist) and I decide to also make a Facebook account so I can promote my tweets. I then get curious about people from early in my life, including this girl. And I send her a message. Our initial conversation was very nostalgic and overall just very pleasant. But our second conversation was very sexual. Or should I say, she was very sexual. Talking about her body hook-ups etc. However at this time I had a huge fear of sex. I used to get bullied a lot as a kid, and thus got obsessed with not standing out. Back when I first started developing sexual feelings I was way younger than most people are when they do. So I convinced myself that sex is gross and wrong. I basically peer pressured myself into hating sex. And abstinence to some degree. However she told me that there is no shame in discovering myself. And looking back at when she described her body, I now feel very attracted to her both emotionally as well as sexually, and I know she is a very sexual individual. And I have discovered that I am that as well. But because I feel comfortable doing so I have shared a lot of personal feelings and insecurities with her. And I feel like she is mentally very far ahead of me, and annoyed by the fact that I overthink everything. I feel like we're somewhat distant. Don't get me wrong, we do consider eachother friends, just not like that. I'm just not sure if I should tell her I find her attractive when I feel like she might view me as, well not pathetic, but more like, someone who is just not there yet. Because of this I'm not sure if I should share my feelings. And even if I did and they returned the same feelings. Not much could be done because of covid.