I’m almost 28 years old, I spent 5 years traveling the world by myself, for work. I guess you could say I’m used to being alone. But Honestly, I’m self destructive when I’m alone. I’ve been on countless solo adventures, seen wonders of the world. I’m tired of hearing you need to do adventures by yourself and be happy with yourself. I’m fucking tired of adventuring by myself.  In the dying words of Christopher mccandless “happiness is only real when shared.” Ive never really been in a serious relationship. The last four relationships I find that I’m always “too much” for someone. I now own my home, I work everyday. My catch is that I enjoy cocaine, mushrooms, molly, and acid on the weekends. I used to go to a ton of shows, but have been kind of broke since I bought my house and just get down at my friends house. Which also makes it harder to meet people when I’m not surrounded by that type of crowd. Females always make me feel like a piece of shit for what I enjoy doing on my weekends, I get it, but literally this girl just went back to her lying and cheating ex, when she could of had a kind soul that is open and honest about his own issues. The longer I am alone, the more self destructive I am. But I’m sick of adventuring by myself, and I will barely leave my house unless their is someone who wants to do something with me. I would love to show someone my favorite camping and backpacking spots and go on adventures and take the motorcycle out. But I feel like I’m worthless because I enjoy these drugs, I’m a psychonaut. I enjoy altering my mind. Their is only like a 1% of females out there that would even think of accepting me for who I am. But how the fuck Am I suppose to find them??. Dating apps have proven to be shit. I just feel like I’m fucking hopeless. Gonna be single forever, and the self destructive shit is only gonna get worse. Please don’t say work on yourself. I have projects. I built a chopper motorcycle this winter, and I just started building a festival van.