So I started talking with a guy about a month ago we have been taking things slowly because we both have been hurt. Sharing and asking questions to learn and see if we want to move forward. Everything was going fantastic til we talked a few nights ago. After seeing his post on Facebook complaining about how I wasn’t responding to him except for maybe once in an hour or so and he wasn’t happy because I wasn’t sending nudes either. So I called him out and asked if he would prefer me to just send nudes and nothing else. Then enter his Snapchat about running into his ex who is also his baby mama how it hurts to see them in his place to think and relax..So I called him and checked to see if he was ok and wanted to talk about the hurt he was feeling. We did for a bit, we then moved around talking about a few things we liked and disliked normal questions. After a while he started in on these girls he knew and was friends with and have been talking with since they are in bad relationships with their guys. He told me these are they type of women everyone needs to bow down to male or female. I then got to hear about how perfect they were and on and on. So I sat and listened, I called him on this as well. Since I don’t care to hear the person I am dating talk like that about women but I wouldn’t be allowed to talk about a man like that to him. Then he asked me what I wanted for the future. So I asked him to elaborate on it due to it being a vague question. He couldn’t tell me, so I answered for the materialistic side, friendship and family side and my career. This is where I told him about what I saw for my marriage and kids. I used the word want because I couldn’t find a better term for it. So I told him “I want someone who puts out the same things I do like caring, communication, passion, loyalty, someone who doesn’t just bring my out when they want to because its convient for them to do so happend twice before in previous relationships, etc.... and i wasn’t going to just marry anyone because I believe marriage is still til death due us part.” I run a bit old fashion like that. I don’t believe in divorce as the fast way out because I have seen how nasty they can be as well. So I told him I truthfully don’t believe I am marriage material because of what I want and how a lot of people know a days want to play games in relationships and run when the tough gets going. He then lit me up due to me being disrespectful to him, rude, arrogant, and an a**h***. He told me he was pissed at me but couldn’t tell me exactly what part made him that mad. He kept bringing up breaking up and saying I was playing games with him on Facebook because I was saying I want kids and marriage badly but I was telling him I didn’t. which I did not say what so ever, I want kids so badly I am looking into artificial Insemination to do this alone,  but I  won’t just settle because if I wanted that I would have stayed with my ex’s and suffered thru it. When I finally called him on his side of what he was saying and the games he was playing all the sudden. He kept calling me more names, putting things on me that I didn’t even say, kept telling me since I wanted to break up then we should even I had never mentioned it before. All I tried to do was communicate it out and he just wanted to run. I was told I didn’t want to work for marriage and all I wanted was it to be handed to me because I was young. I am 25 and he is 27 not a huge age gap if you ask me. I kept trying to get him to explain things and how he felt but he just kept calling me names and hanging up on me calling me a joke as well. Needless to say I finally made the call because I wasn’t going to try for 5 hours to talk with someone who wanted to play games with me. With all of that being said did I do anything wrong to deserve to be called so many names, and treated unfairly because I want what I want and are done with fake relationships and being used and abused thru them. I would love some input. Also this is summoned up as best as I can’t and hit the highlights of what was said. Thank you.