I've been single for a few years , I, being 39 have been through enough I have a chronically ill  child that has was diagnosed with cancer at a young age, she is doing ok 5 years later but has a number of other health issues because of it all documented and legitimate.  Her father isn't in the picture as he liked to beat me and do a very hard drug before I kicked him out. I work full time before the pandemic hit I worked two jobs I dont get child support or disability. I have very little time normally. I did start seeing one guy for a few months he used me then got mad because I helped my ex by dropping him off at crisis intervention for rehab so he ghosted me. Then I started seeing another guy this guy tried so hard coming to me job gave me his number three times and i threw it away every time then he saw me outside one day on my phone and asked for my number i gave it to him and we texted like once or twice a week for a few months always him asking how i was, how my child was, when could we hang out. Eventually because honestly I was upset I had been ghosted I said sure it was like he was at my home every single night which was ok with me. This went on for four months I said I wasnt emotionally available I had a lot going on ,dont let me care . Then his situation changed a bit and I started seeing him a little less I asked him if he was seeing someone else he said no what he does may or may not be legal he said everyone getting that stimulus money I'm just busy I was like ok well dont say ur coming if ur not because honestly even if I wanted to see other people him saying he's coming tonight makes that impossible. Weekends are really bad for me because I work doubles I realised a few weekends ago I hadn't spoken to him really or seen him besides a u good or wyd text in a few days so I called he didn't answer then I texted him the next morning if he was ok  a few hours later he said he was good just waking up I didn't hear anything else so I texted him like hours later and asked him if he could just being my stuff back I was done like clearly our schedules dont work him coming home at three am to sleep isn't ok with me when I work at 5. He said someone's addicted and sent laughing faces like it was a joke I messaged him back not to pat himself on the back what I get from him I could get anywhere he is just making it impossible he said sorry he hadn't been there he thought he told me he was out of town no he did not it didn't matter.  He said he'd be by a week later I was like my stuff please my child has been in the hospital if I wanted flakey and unreliable I could get that with an ex he said he was coming by that night he was driving I called him he didn't answer said he was driving. He did come by that night he brought me money he owed me not all of it and not my other stuff I kicked him out when I had to leave which I never do and when I got to work I texted him why didn't he leave my things he said because he was coming back I said is that a joke he said no mothers day is sunday I'm going to be around I didnt hear from him again until I started texting him yesterday morning that I wanted my stuff or he wasnt getting his back he said he'd gladly step off I'm taking out my problems and stress on him I said he's being a typical narcissist I've been more than nice he has access to my house I cook for him I'm honest about everything with him I'm not crazy nor am I taking shit out on him he doesn't pay any Bils I'm killing myself to make ends meet and he isn't being honest I already know it when I said I had tf o find out from other people he was talking to other people he said he was a man and I'm not his gf no I am not but he is not my bf or man either so could he please just bring my stuff back he said gladly but word of advice dont take things out on people when they dont deserve it... that was yesterday morning I asked him o bring it on normal people time I have a job he said ok. Nothing.... I know he is going to wait a few days and text me to see how I react, but like I said to him its 2020 like for real all he had to do was be honest, and not text every night he's on his way, then not show up. I dont date multiple people at my age my number is low I dont cheat and I was with the same man for 17 years even if I wanted to see other people that straight up blocks it.... what should I do