Okay so I've been talking to this girl I met online via text for over a week. We've been talking a ton on text and over nearly 3 hours each day towards the evening. Each throwing the occasional complements in there so I knew she liked me from the beginning. We seem to have a ton in common and are really surprised by that. After about a week it seemed to be going well and I told her it would be cool to chat on the phone (facetime), and she thought that sounds like a good idea. Were both really busy as I'm an recent grad engineer and shes still in college so it can be difficult to find a good schedule at a decent time. We both find time to talk around 11 pm (pretty late but had to do what worked). First thing she says is wow I like your voice. Im pretty insecure about my voice and I'm always stuffed up from allergies so that got me thinking she was in shock and trying to be nice. So we talk for about 2 hr and 30 or so minutes on the phone. It went alright. You could tell it was our first actual convo and I'm honestly really socially shy but not so much with texting. But I obviously get better once I get to really know someone. We talked about a lot of different things that we had mentioned over text especially... in more detail and some other things to get to know each other. I feel like I didnt live up to expectation because I'm really fit and she thought I was attractive but i feel like in person it's not the same like I come off less attractive... am I just being paranoid? So after about 2 hours of talking about random little things she decided she should go to bed, which was no problem and I said good night and she said 'you too' and kind of seemed awkwardly in a hurry to get off... not sure if I caught her off guard and she got nervous? Or I'm just that cringy. But after we got off she texted me say 'you're cute thanks for talking to me for hours lmao'. I said 'same to you. It was really nice getting to talk'. And she said thank u :). Is she doing this to try and not hurt me because she isnt really interested anymore or is that a good sign. Idk because of just how the video call ended. If anyone could put in there thoughts that would be awesome because I really like her I'm just bad at being straight forward unless its texting.. in the beginning. I always screw something up with insecurities bleeding out of me.