Darkness, the greatest enemy you know. It has the power to swallow everything that comes its way. But when it enters someone it shows its most dangerous side. It not only makes people dark inside but it also ensures that other people also become happy until no one is happy anymore. But for me it's one of my best friends. Because of my painful, lonely, colorless and sad past, I really got to know the darkness and guess what, it's just as lonely and sad as I am. With all the chaos it causes, it tries to give itself a better feeling, but time and time again it doesn't work. Knowing how it feels to be lonely, sad and angry, I offered to be his friend, but the darkness thought it was a trick. It attacked and touched my heart. That black spot in my heart got bigger until it covered my whole heart and soul. I started to feel worse and weaker until I felt nothing. Years passed without feeling anything until I completely forgot about the feelings. But it didn't change me because I was already numb. But one day it was. I was tired of fleeing myself and hiding in the shadow of myself. I taught myself how to use the numbness in my favor. I used his own weapon against the darkness itself. The darker it made me, the more powerful I became until it knew it was going to lose. It went on his knees in front of me so that I could give it the final blow. But instead of my weapon, I gave it my hand. The darkness thought it was a joke until I explained how blind it had been to the fact that I started living with numbness and not against it. Because I was numb myself, I could feel how people really feel and help them to be happy even though I wasn't. And then the darkness finally understood. When it took my hand it turned into something very beautiful. Hope. The hope for a better and happier life. And when it asked how I managed to use his weapon against him, I said through the power of compassion, perseverance and friendship. From that moment on, the darkness is a friend of mine who never abandons me and I do the same for him.