I currently feel more lost and confused than I have done in so long. I have recently discovered myself as a little and ddlg and when I looked into what it was everything made sense to me and I felt more complete in myself. For me I’ve found it as an escape from my life and a refuge from my mind and therefore the lifestyle/non sexual aspects are important to me. It is also a sexual kink for me but that to me is only a small part of it, about 25% of it. Therefore I want more of a caregiver than a daddy dom as such. The person that got me into ddlg is supposedly my “daddy” and he found me on SA and when he first mentioned it he spoke only of the lifestyle side of things and it really drew me in. So we met casually, had a couple of drinks and tried to get to know each other, it went well and things felt so good for me to find something that fit so perfectly for me. But since then everything we’ve spoke about has been purely based around the sexual side of things, not to mention a few days after we met he gave me the silent treatment for over a week only to then message me again asking me to go round and “play”. His behaviour is making it so hard for me to get into little space and it’s making me feel so lost and on edge. Even though I’m new to it little space felt so natural for me and now I’m just not feeling that. We’ve arranged to meet again Friday where we’re to meet in a hotel and “play” as he puts it. The hotel itself feels so impersonal and doesn’t really feel homey and the repetitive use of the word play just sounds so sexual in nature. While I’m probably not one to complain about the sexual aspect as it is a kink for me but the overly sexual presence is just making me feel as least little as possible. I think as well because of the way I met him too it feels so transactional too like he wants me for that one thing. I want more. I want to feel little. I want to do colouring with him, cuddle, play with toys, him to look after me and to feel like he really is my daddy and I’m his little girl. Not just him touching me while I’m dressed up and sat on his knee. Every time I’ve tried to talk about anything little with him he’s managed to turn it sexual. I want to tell him I want more how it’s making me feel but it’s just not working whenever I try to bring it up. And I know that means I should probably tell him good riddance but while he was ignoring me and I thought I didn’t have a daddy I felt so lost and confused and I felt like I was no longer myself and it made me feel so depressed. I crave the need to feel little, not only to feel little by myself but with someone else too. With everything being so new to me I don’t want to go through it alone and while I know I probably won’t get what I want with him I feel like I don’t have any other choice. I feel so lonely going through all this, he doesn’t even ask me how my day has been or if I’m okay. I’ve never felt this lost before.