I (28M) left my ex (26F) in 2018 after 5 years of emotional, and mental abuse. There was a lot of gaslighting as well. There were tons of reasons that built up as to why I decided to end things, but the main reason was because of how dead the bedroom was. We were not married and something in the back of my mind had always told me to not propose to her. She treated the few times we had sex like an absolute chore, but when we were doing it, she seemed to really enjoy it so that confused me for a while. As time went on, sex became less and less apparent. Before we moved in together, she’d made the comment “when we finally live on our own, I’ll definitely have more sex with you I promise” without me even bringing it up. So again, confused, because that turned out to be a lie. More time goes on, we’re living together and the bedroom is as dead as ever, and her attitude gets progressively worse. I finally have had enough and have a sit down conversation about this. She starts by saying that having sex before marriage is a sin?? But so is living together before marriage and here we are so? A year goes by and again, I’m at my wits end and our lease is almost up. I tell her she should probably move back home as maybe the separation and space would make her yearn for me or something. She ends up admitting that she’s not physically attracted to me, because over the course of the relationship I gained a lot of (stress) weight. She made a ton of excuses in the past but I think this one was genuine. Long story short I dumped her. And I have never looked back. I’ve lost the stress weight and then some, and as a single guy, I have the freedom to myself again. Please if you’re in a dead bedroom, don’t sacrifice your well being and mental health by clinging on to “soul mates” and the like. Travel, explore, and meet new people. We are every changing beings and until you cut out toxicity and find yourself again, you will never be happy. Don’t be afraid of what you will lose be it comfort, routine, stability. Get excited for what you’ll gain from finally living again!!