I've been in a relationship with my wife for 34 years and married for 25 years.  From the outside we appear to be a perfect couple with 3 kids in college and financially in great shape with good jobs and quality friends.  However, we are at a significant crossroads in our relationship and I'm contemplating divorce.  We've had a sexless marriage for almost 15 years.  Our sex life was never very good as we've both admitted to one another.  My wife thinks we should go to a sex therapist and that we just need to start "practicing".  She's told me that she has a very low libido and really always has.  She's never had an orgasm and even though I've tried to come up with examples, she's never shown to me that she was physically aroused.  She had a breast reduction in her mid 20-s.  I was okay with that thinking that if she liked her body more, than that would just be a plus in my book.  But she had a second breast reduction after our daughters were born in an attempt to jump-start weight loss.  I feel like she's tried to cut -off (no pun intended) her sexual attractiveness.  She has an eating disorder and eats compulsively.  And although she's always been 10-20 lbs. overweight it's never gotten beyond that but she does have some body image issues.  I've asked my wife if she thought she was asexual because many characteristics she has are shared with those that identify as asexual.  She denies that she's asexual and says she "feels like a sexual person" although I question that because she's never initiated.  Admittedly I've not been all that attracted to her sexually as she's damaged her body with the breast reductions and the eating disorder, plus I need to feel some desire from my partner to be aroused now that I'm in my 50's.  If she was asexual or didn't care for sex I wish she'd just admit it so I don't waste time hoping for something that will not last long-term.  But she says all the right things about wanting to be sexual and wanting to try but I wonder if it's just an attempt to stay married.  I don't want to go another 25-years in a passion-less relationship but think it would be a miracle for us to ever have the type of passion I know I could have with someone that is more sexual.   I truly do care for my wife and want her to be happy too.  I just think that she doesn't need the kind of passion I need in order to be happy.  Can anyone else relate?   Did anyone find that passion after so many years of a dead bedroom or did you leave and find someone you were more compatible with sexually?