Try Jerry Garcia? Is this a dead and company list or a "John Mayer fan I want something else" list. There was this guy named Jerry Garcia, he shreds it, try that. He barely gets mentioned on here, but he wrote the songs that John is playing, so if you want a shredder, try jerry. Another poster said they thought nothing was better than John with Oteil, ever. The poster knew of no other duos that were as good, anywhere, ever. I said try Garcia weir, and they be angry. Well, that's their problem. Bob created this  band, not John Mayer. Try Jerry or the band that made Bob famous. Or listen to "your body is a whatever" and just love it. Do what you want. I don't care anymore. This is not a place for deadheads, as weird as that is. If you think deadco will return, we'll go, we really have no issue with John, and if not let's not sit here dissing Jerry and wondering if there's another guitar player besides Kohn who shreds it. again, who are you people? Deadco lasted five years, lets hope it comes back and when it does, let's hope they moved beyond the same 100 songs over and over again. Its boring, and yes I saw 10 11 84, so I now the damn difference. I love John but these newheads on the scene are unlike what happened at any other time, and no it's not all good. 1985 was not all good either. 1995 was a total disaster.  get a clue. John's fans are all weirdos and freaks, so are we, but I am not digging this at all. This is not a keg party. All my deadhead friends agree with what I just posted, so there's that too. its really getting kind of gross, fawning when some guy in their marketing team plays a tape. What's up with that OMSN shit, what is everyone's problem? You want to listen to a tape, then do it. We don't care. You have NO RARE GRATEFUL DEAD TAPES. That's what OMSN (bad deadco garbage), and they ain't giving your their DeadCo SBDs, so what are you doing? I'm listening to 2/13/70 and your listening to 8/30/18 and that horrific shakedown with the shake it down shake it down now BULLSHIT. What the fuck is that? GARBAGE THAT"S WHAT!! Jerry didn't do that cause if he had it would have sucked!!!!. So, if/then, just forget it, we give up trying. Bob will too, and soon. Deadco is just for the memories, not a real thing. He knows that, we all do...….Billy doesn't care, band or no band. The real heads are gone. Haven't seen one for years at a show......Notice there are no spinners AT ALL???? The tapers are obviously gone too. Cosmic Charlie Campaign? No? Then We all done here. Bye jerry. Back to jug music and the Pranksters. Songs are dumb anyways especially when your tripping and way too complicated, so like at the acid tests, just forget it, don't even play, its too complicated and we are way too high. Try John Bolton instead, I love ALL his songs so much I can't decide which is my favorite...…... When he sings  "A man loves a woman" I think its just awesome. Can't do better than that.