Well I had a whole thing to say and don’t even know how it all disappeared. Wow that is super ironic because that’s the story of my relationship I was actually just writing about and it just is gone now. So I will make this quick. One day I felt like a hermit leaving its shell. I didn’t know the word DB or even Reddit. It was so many things and they all hit me at once, HARD! I couldn’t sleep over things that didn’t even matter, probably something stupid at work. Then out of no where it was a hard to explain, aha moment. Started thinking of the love of my life, our history and journey. The first man I was vulnerable and passionate with, yet now we don’t even share a bed. I don’t get surprises when he comes home late from work, him, no kinds of affirmations or romantic gestures. I get a quick kiss on the cheek before he leaves for work, you know the same kind he gives his mom and a half assed hug. Those aren’t the things we once had. I want a forever future with this man, not just for our kids but for US. I remember when I used to ask him to just give me a tap on the ass while I’m washing the dishes. To me that’s better than “ I love yous” actions always speak more than words. Relationships require work and this is the kind that should be fun. After our second son was born I went in autopilot and oblivious. We learned a lot of hard lessons in our decade growing up together and our next chapter was beginning. He needed to be my number one priority and our relationship as a whole. The old saying about kids,how the days are long but the years are fast. This was also true for us. Since I became pregnant with number 2, we weren’t connected. If I am being completely honest we both are to fault but a woman that wants her sexy back with her man, would be a damn fool to say that. All I kept thinking about was how we would turn this around and I was highly embarrassed. Being an adult, paying bills, working, and just all the day to day stresses, how was I so foolish to leave my man like this and not cherished. Recently I saw a meme about how you can tell if a woman is treated right because she glows. My opinion is it goes both ways. Our lack of attention to one another was beyond lacking and I was slacking in so many ways. I love my family more than anything in this world and pregnancy takes a huge toll. Did I really let it all go and not even realize? This isn’t anything like I had originally wrote but I had to get these quick thoughts of my mind. If you are anything like I have described, please don’t wait too long to get it back on track. One day might come when you can’t have them again. Take care of yourself and your man first. Make sure you don’t end up with so many regrets like me and the love of your life becomes a distant dream. I was so foolish to think I was really that special, that our hotel fuckations were really keeping us connected. Pay attention because time is the best gift you will ever receive from your loved one.