Ok. My first post to reddit. But I need some advice. So, my boyfriend and I have been together almost 2 years. We moved really quickly, just a month after dating I was pretty much moved in with him. Our sex life had always been great, the most fireworks I have ever felt and I have been with a lot of people. In fact, before him I was kinda a nympho and would have one night stands for the most part aside from one other serious relationship. But I no longer desire that lifestyle and I actually value the connection that comes from sex rather than just the stimulation. Oh I am a 22 yr old female and he is a 25 yr old male. Anyway, things were great. But lately it is weeks inbetween times when we have sex. I have always had an extremely high sex drive so this is so weird for me. He has a now 4 year old son who was 2 when we met. He is autistic. We have had our struggles with him from time to time but nothing we can’t handle, but I have always felt weird about the whole situation. Never dated someone with a child either. But I do feel like when he has his son all weekend for weekends in a row it does seem to burn us both out a bit. He works full time and I work part time. Of course there are days when both of us are tired. But it does feel like something more. A lot of it comes from me. I start fights because I get stressed easily and I know lack of sex isn’t helping. I have gained a few pounds and feel very insecure about myself. I have been abandoned by many friends and have always felt like an outsider, and lately those thoughts have been going wild inside my head. I feel like a loser, ugly, fat, a nobody. When I tell my boyfriend these thoughts he says don’t talk about my girlfriend like that and insists I am beautiful and those things aren’t true but I just don’t believe him. I also fear that if we have sex and I get pregnant, that the child would be autistic. His son is amazing and I feel horrible for this thought but it is a legitimate thought I have and I need to include it to be honest with myself and get help from you guys. So, when my boyfriend is coming onto me all of these thoughts are circling in my head at one point or another. I love my boyfriend, but when he tries to come onto me I just can’t get into it and end up pushing him away or asking to just cuddle instead. He has noticed and he thinks I’m not into him anymore. I want to overcome these thoughts so please. Help. I have already been doing yoga at least every other day (including libido yoga), been eating wholesome foods, going on walks with our dog at least a few times a week, and talking with him about these issues. They just don’t seem to go away.