I (25f) had been dealing with a DB in my long term relationship of 7 years with my fiance (28m) for probably 6 years now. We went through the typical new relationship sex life where you have sex like 3 or more times a day. It quickly dwindled after that. We had been having sex once a month. Sometimes once every 2 months, for a few years. I brought it up to him often. Telling him I wanted it more often. That my love language includes intimacy. It got better for a short period of time but faded again. I usually let him come to me. One time when I brought up the lack of intimacy he said "I want you come on to me too. Why does it always have to be me?" So the next week I tried initiating and what happens? He turns me down. I gave up and just got used to him initiating once a month or whenever. Mind you I'm 22/23 around this time. Anyway, as of a few months ago I thought to myself maybe I should try to keep up with myself. I realized I am usually frumpy looking in shorts and a big tshirt all day (I'm a stay at home mom btw). That wasn't going to help our sex life. I bought new nicer clothes, heels, I cut and dyed my hair. I started doing my makeup very often. I didn't realize it at the time but now that I think about it we really started having sex more often. He started initiating more often. It's been around 3 months now and we have sex at least once a week. Which is fine for me from what we had been doing. I also tried to make it a point to be more sensual during sex. I make it a point to ride him slow while kissing him and his neck slow. Things like that. I am also trying to be more adventurous. The thing is... yeah it might have been about sex but it's also about the intimacy. I know some people might be mad that I slightly changed myself. I think he was attracted to me feeling attractive. I put in the effort to look nice and he noticed. If I am always frumpy and feeling unattractive I think that can give off a certain vibe. Versus you looking and feeling good. I'm not even sure about posting this. I'm just really glad were being more intimate. It brought us closer together. I should also mention that now he has also cut his hair, taken care of his beard etc. We have more attraction to each other all around.