I’ve pretty new to reddit but going to give it a shot. I’m 48M, my wife is 46. We’ve been married 18 years. We have two kids, 17 and 13. Before we had kids, we had a good relationship with a healthy sex life. We genuinely enjoyed each other. After our first was born things changed almost immediately. I understood that a baby would change our lives but I felt that it wasn’t headed in a healthy direction. I had a conversation with her stating that I felt it was important that we put each other first and our family would be stronger for it. She adamantly disagreed. She felt the kids needed to always be put first. I just went forward thinking it would be a manageable difference and we would adjust. In the 15+ years since, there has been little emotional connection or intimacy. Sex for her has been out of a sense of duty. She does not desire it at all. I’ve talked to her about this at least one or two times per year for many years. She rarely even engages in the conversation. She just sits and listens but doesn’t add anything. She says that she doesn’t enjoy sex, and that 90% of the sex that we’ve had in the past 5+ years has been done only for my benefit. That if she did enjoy it then all of our problems would go away. I always tell her that sex is part of but not all of the problem. I feel alone, undesired and unloved. Sex with her leaves me feeling worse than not having it at all. She always tells me that this is just the way it is after you’ve been married for 20 years. It’s made me feel like I shouldn’t be asking for anything more than what I have, that I am creating the problem. I mean, our lives ARE good with the exception of these issues. We get along very well. We have similar parenting styles, for the most part. We are both physically fit and active. She went to see a therapist last year and gave up after two visits. She said it was a waste of time, “all they do is listen and don’t say anything”. In the fall I started talking about marriage counselling for both of us. She was not interested at all, but would probably have gone through it if I demanded it of her. So, I just floated the idea of maybe it isn’t necessary and her response was a quick “Oh good, I don’t really think that would do any good”. I’m tired of being responsible for all the effort. I love my wife, but there is no feeling of being in love. I can’t imagine spending the rest of my life feeling alone and undesired as the last 10+ years have. I don’t think she will ever change as she likes the way things are. And, I don’t know if I will ever be able to get over my resentment for her costing me so much happiness in my life. I don’t want to leave my kids and the thought of hurting her breaks my heart. I vacillate between feeling rejected, hurt, deceived and resentful. Two weeks ago I made a list of all of my thoughts and feelings and sat down with her to let her read them. I then went on to explain that I didn’t want to live like this. I wanted more love and passion out of life. I told her that if things don’t change I don’t see us together when the kids are gone. She listened and was understanding. She said that she would start making an effort, in the past she usually pushed it off onto me. So, far the “effort” has been to sit about 3 feet from me, instead of at the complete opposite end of the couch when we watch TV. We’ve had sex twice in over a month. She offers but it is just the same ol’ routine. She’s doing it for me, not because she wants me. There’s no foreplay, just straight to business. It’s like I’m using her body to masturbate. There’s no emotion and I feel like shit after. She had started staying up later than me again, and I mentioned to her again that we should go to bed at the same time and she blew up, for the first time showing emotion, saying that I am not being patient. That she is trying and I need to give her time. How can she totally ignore my 10 years of waiting for her to change? She has probably told me that she loves me less than 5 times in two years without me saying it first. I’m not sure she even wants to be here. At this point, I am going to enjoy the last few years of having my kids in my home.