I (23f) was in a 5year relationship, when we were together he woke up one day and told me he didn't love me anymore. After we split up and I moved out we had a few hookups. Well one night we were drinking and he ended up drinking more than me so I took him to his room and we had sex and he always enjoyed it well he ended up puking and laying on me after. He started crying telling me that he loves me and that he left me because I was fat, that I got to comfortable. It broke my heart even more but I continued to get him settled to bed and than I left. I never really talked to him after...i confronted him about it. He never really said much. Well 2 months go by I decided that I couldn't be in the same town as him that my heart was still hurting. I hit rock bottom. So I moved to lets just say Missouri which is states away from where I was living,, w my brother and I'm experiencing so much and enjoying myself but everyday he still comes to my head and I want to tell him everything because he was my best friend. I still cry and miss him, its been about 8 months sense we broke up and about 4 or 5 sense I last spoke to him. I deleted my Facebook because I didn't want to see him w anyone else. I'm currently feeling better but still a part of me wishes he would msg me or contact me. Even if its just asking how I'm doing...we had alot happend to us and we both were growing and learning together, its just so hard. So I decided to talk to this guy here, he was amazing at first and so sweet...but than things turned, he started to get controlling and jealous, he wanted to know my every move, it seemed like I was always doing something wrong. I feel like he was emotionally abusing me, he would argue w me and yell, call me mean names and than he would buy me flower or something to make up for it and than repeat it. So I decided to end it and now he is still trying to be w me after I told him no multiple times. Did I mention he told me he loved me after 2 weeks of us just talking, that was too much. So when I ended it I told him that I cant love him because I'm still inlove w my ex...but he's still trying. I'm completely lost w sm right now. I want to go back home where all my family is but I'm not sure if I can bare seeing my ex again...I'm confused and lost. What is wrong w me. Am I ever going to move on...why do I still want to be w him after everything he said to me. I really am trying to move on though. I know it's for the best but does missing him ever go away...will I ever be happy w anyone else or am I always going to miss him. I have so many feelings...😔 i am talking to a new guy but I'm not sure if it'll go anywhere. At the end of the day i don't want to feel insecure...and hate myself. Would moving here be the best...send help...xo