Throw away account. This will be long. Me, female, 35, very very HL. Every relationship I've ever been in ended up with them being or becoming becoming LL. I was in a long-term relationship that sadly ended, in part, because of our sexual incompatibility. My current partner started like most of the rest... couldn't keep his hands off me, the sex was incredible, multiple orgasms, he went down on me often, which was a lovely change. I'm very orally fixated myself, so it was nice having that done to me. About 4 months in, it started to change. I was communicative and honest immediately, that this was a problem for me, that I require sex in a relationship to feel all of the wonderful close warm fuzzy feelings that sex with the person you love gives you. He acknowledged me, but not a damn thing changed. It got worse. Without my initiation, sex stopped. What hurts more is that I'm aware of his past, he's been a cheater, and even lived with two women at once, at one point. He had a reputation. He obviously used to enjoy sex. He's changed his life around, and that was a lifetime ago. He's sweet, snuggles, kisses, tells me I'm sexy and beautiful... but the sex is almost always initiated by me. I feel like a rapist sometimes...Most of the time. He's fallen asleep with me erotically touching him, he's physically removed my hands from him. When I joke about how I'd ride him or put him in my mouth right now, I get a dirty look. And not the right kind of dirty... I know that he's suffering from depression and anxiety right now, as most of us are. But, I'm having flashbacks of every relationship where the person saying they love me and that I'm their world, sexually rejects me. My libido doesn't ever seem to wane in a relationship. If anything, the more I love you, the more I want you. When we first got together, his interest in me was part of what I fell for. I had gotten out of a sex-starved relationship and thought this was different. The attraction was immediate and intense. Cut to almost a year in. He's moved in with me and brought his 14 yo son, for whom I also care deeply.  At this point, I should mention that I've known him for 6 years. I didn't move them in after only knowing him a year. Once we started, we did fall fast and hard for each other. They moved in just before the stay at home order went into effect. They've made life much more tolerable, considering we're both out of work, by order of the governor. I understand that he's depressed. So am I. Sex helps with my depression and anxiety. I've also clearly expressed that to him. I've read a lot of posts from women under similar circumstances, and most of the go-to comments are to leave him and find a more compatible partner. The problem with that advice is two fold, I love him, and I've never found a compatible partner. It's like they trick me in the beginning. Everything's all hot and heavy and then it dies. Along with my self esteem, my confidence,  and my confidence in the relationship. I feel so rejected and low that I can't even masturbate anymore. I cry myself to sleep a lot. I know that he loves me. I've started drinking spearmint tea every day, which supposedly helps lower your libido. If he's not willing or able to change anything, even though I've expressed exactly how and why this hurts me,  I'm trying to lower my expectations and my own libido. I've started exercising more, walking the dog more often by myself, reading actual paper books, and drawing more. But, I feel absolutely awful. He's already just trying to make it through the days. And I've had my fair share of bad ones lately. Harping on our sex life will do us more harm than good. So, I busy myself, bullshit with his son, and cry in the shower. After I send him a booty pic. I want that passion back. I need that passion back. He made me feel DESIRED. Now I feel disappointed, rejected, disgusting, fat, annoying, and hopeless. I've felt like this my entire dating life, on and off. This happens every. Time. I'm not a sex addict. I'd be at my happiest with once a day. I'd do alright with once or twice a week. Every other week or two is not enough. I can't remember the last time he went down on me. The last time we had sex was a quickie in the middle of the day, after I had just gotten out of the shower. We had to be quiet and it wasn't that satisfying. The sex we do have is usually mind blowing. He did initiate that time, which surprised me and was awesome... I thought maybe his sex drive was coming back. He's since actually physically removed my hands from his upper thighs. I died inside. I guess I just needed to write this out, and maybe let some other women, and men, know that you're not alone. I'd love it if my boyfriend wanted sex with me all the time. I'm a physically and sexually affectionate person with my partner. He makes me incredibly happy and makes me feel loved and appreciated in other ways. However, I'm desperate for the physical act. Having read so many posts by men and women, and spoken to other women, I know just how common this is. I'm sorry we're in this position, when they're are so many other fun positions to be in. I'm crazy about him and I don't want to leave him over something that could be temporary, just to end up with the same issue in yet another relationship. Maybe this is a characteristic of the type of man I fall for, but they've all been very different people. Maybe it's something I do to people. I hope someone reads this and takes some sort of comfort. I've never been satisfied long term, either. I'm at a loss.