For those of you who are in my shoes- those of you who are jealous towards the dog- I’m hoping you guys can relate because I’m feeling really fucken shitty right now. I may have really just shot myself in the foot. My husband’s dog and I have a very complicated relationship. Anybody who knows me knows how much I love animals. I dedicated my schooling and my career to help them. But this dog... this one dog... is the death of me. Hubs and I got him when he was 2ish? From the pound. He’d been adopted and returned 4 times in the past month before we got him. That should have been a HUGE red flag. But the compassionate person in me wanted to give him a chance. We got him 3 years ago. It. Has. Been. A. Fight. This. Whole. Time!!! This dog is ruthless towards me! He’s fucked me up a few times in terms of breaking skin. He’ll attack me randomly and I get sooooo heated my body shakes with adrenaline. He’s a little thing. A chihuahua mix. It’s not like he’s a big dog, but he’s so damn feisty with me! Our relationship has considerably gotten worse throughout the years. We use to be able to play together and now we jst can’t. Right now because of quarantine my husband and I are confined to one room while we stay with his parents. In this room, the bed has basically become my little sanctuary. My little part of the room. So naturally I don’t want his dog on it. The dog knows not to get up here when I’m on here by myself. But when my husband decides to come lay down and stretch his back after gaming for a period of time the dog will jump on here. I instantly get upset. It’s so ridiculous that a dog makes me feel like this. But you guys jst don’t understand all that we’ve been through. I’ve given him so many opportunities and still we just can’t make it work. My husband absolutely adores the little beast. For what reason? I don’t know. I feel like I’d blow my top off if of my dog ever attacked him like his dog attacks me. We are just not a good fit, and I accept that. Doesn’t mean I want this dog to go back to the pound. Well anyways my husband and I just fought for the millionth time because of the dog. My issue is that I feel my husband coddles the dog and always defends him and it absolutely drives me up the wall! I’m the one that should be defended. This dog attacks me! When do I ever attack the dog?! But no, in my husbands eyes this dog is everything to him. So we got in a heated argument where he yelled that he was just going to take the dog to the pound tomorrow and then walked out. I knew he walked out in tear. Hearing that was everything to me, but of course not at the expense of his feelings. I’d rather keep on living with all the anger and resentment than for him to resent me for making him give up his dog. I feel so torn. I don’t know what to do. Worst of all there’s nothing I can say right now to him to make this fight go away. But there’s one thing I’m sure of. He’s closed the door on our bedroom for now. Not like I was getting much anyways. But I’m jst all around really upset at everything that took place in a matter of minutes.