Been in a rocky relationship for ~3 yrs. Me 34F HL and him 35M HL but with major intimacy issues and abuse in past, uses porn but we don’t have sex. He’s an avoidant. Typical story with the beginning, had good sex, that quickly tapered off after a few months. Whenever we would break up or he felt I was possibly moving on with another guy, he would suddenly become very sexual again. He had a sext type affair with a girl in another state. Photos and videos. Has said he doesn’t link sex with love. A few months ago, he has been trying harder, at the relationship. He had never said I love you. His parents have never said it to him. He finally said it to me. Once, after years. He started opening up a bit. I was finally feeling a bit secure and that he wasn’t constantly on the run avoiding me like usually. So I guess, I felt more comfortable to open up about how I wasn’t happy with our sex life. We had had sex maybe a year ago. Then, 2 weeks ago, I was at home and had had a couple drinks and in a random moment texted him, “Can we have sex when you come over?” I didn’t expect him to say yes. He said yes. He came over and it happened, it was good. Although I can tell he doesn’t use sex as a means to connect. It’s sort of robotic, but good. Some days later I tried my luck again and he gave some sort of excuse, he just ate, so he’s fat right now, he also said something about being fearful of ED.. which had never been an issue before. O..k. But the other day he said that my approach that night had been good, bc I said I needed him I side me sometimes, and he said that worked for him because it “felt more transactional”. Obviously, that’s a bit disturbing. I gave him a therapist’s info a couple weeks ago who deals with male victims of sexual abuse and he hasn’t emailed. Yesterday in bed he was doing his thing squirming when I tried to cuddle him and arranging the comforter so our skin couldn’t be touching and I just got up and ignored him. He tried to talk to me and I just didn’t have anything to say. What was the point of bringing it up again? Finally, he kept poking me, which in retrospect makes me think that- perhaps he thought I found out he was sexting with the Ohio girl again, when was scared. Anyway, i broke and said there was no point in me saying what was wrong since it wasn’t going to result in any change anyway or any effort on his part at all. He also flat out a few days ago said he was unable to initiate sex at all. I’m upset he isn’t trying to fix this. I’m reading books on codependency and trying to do my own work, but it barely even applies to me. He has said he will go to the therapist. I don’t know what to do. I try to separate, but then I miss him, and we end up seeing each other, having sex (maybe) and the cycle starts all over again. Or, it’s just easier for us to sweep it under the rug bc we enjoy each other’s company. But it does eat away at me.