I wasnt ever really super sexual growing up or anything. In fact im still a virgin (almost 21 but right now im a 20 f) i got with my so around 18 years old and we moved in together at 19 things have always been good between us but lately theres been just a touch of tension because ive lost all of my libido. In our first year of our relationship we were all over each other. We havent had sex (yes even after almost 3 years thats on me my anxiety has made it difficult to take that step but we still have our "nights" mostly just engaging in foreplay and fooling around until we're done for the night) Even though i never initiated he could still always get me in the mood with little to no work so we'd go at it like 4-5 times a week. After a while it dulled down a bit but was still frequent settling on 2-3 times a week and that was good. Then i got on meds for my depression and anxiety. And my libido instantly went into the ground. In the span of 3 weeks it was just gone. I worked with my doctor but couldnt find an alternative that didnt do that same exact thing so i just dropped my meds all together. Im still fine mentally speaking and have found other ways to handle my anxiety and depression but now my libido wont come back. Its been a year and a half and after a slow decline its gone down completely. Its so low now that i cant find joy in sex or sexual activity at all. Masturbation, toys, foreplay, doesnt matter. Its all just dead to me. Im healthy, im young, i excercise, im no longer on libido killing antidepressants, its not birth control causing it, and im still super close and connected with my SO (20M), So every recommendation to the issue hasnt applied to me. This is my last ditch effort to some extent because its been getting to both of us but especially him. Hes a very physical person and cant just deal with it but i dont know how to fit his needs anymore. I have to figure something out but im worried that 2 month span of trying antidepressants killed my libido permanently.