45 F, married 16 years to 37 M.  Before kids, we had great, frequent sex.  For the 5 years after kids, sex was less frequent, 1-2x a month, sometimes it would be a couple months, even went 6 months once or twice.  I was the  breadwinner with the high stress job, I did 75% of the housework and child rearing, I was tired.  I just wanted to be lazy after work and have time to myself since I didn't have anything left for him (yes, I was selfish, I've owned it).  He would beg for it (to the point of desperation which was a big turn off), play hard to get, write me a letter, lose weight to be more attractive to me.  When we did have sex, it was great, we always said it was good even when infrequent. About 5 years in, he gave me a book he'd read about HL/LL couples, and the gist of the book was JUST DO IT.  Even if you don't want to, have excuses, whatever, just do it for the sake of your loved one, to stoke the relationship etc.  So I decided once a week was a good goal and started aiming for that.  Even though the frequency improved, I'm not sure he got as much affection as he needed (affirmation, cuddling etc), and his dissatisfaction grew. He says he tried so many things to get me to desire him, but just resigned to staying in the marriage for the sake of the kids.  He started hiding heavy drinking, frequent masturbation with porn, and built an emotional wall to survive his feeling of not being wanted.  For the past few years, now that the kids don't need me so much, now that he has the breadwinner job with high stress, I've been trying to get improve our relationship.  He's been struggling with depression, I think he's extra sensitive to rejection and criticism, and he's scarred from not feeling loved all those years that the kids were so needy.  In the last year, he's withdrawn even more and stopped trying to be my friend or lover.  6 months ago he told me he wanted a divorce.  I told him I didn't, that I loved him and wanted to be his friend and lover.  I told him I wanted to have the relationship he's been desiring, and that I've been trying to reach him the past couple years, but he's already checked out and won't let me in.  He's got SOOOOO much hurt inside from all those years that I didn't give him the love and affection he needed.  He agreed to try and get back on track, but after 6 months he still has the wall up and he says he's not sure he can feel that way with me again.  If I hug him, he doesn't hug me back.  He almost cringes if I touch his face,  All his emotions are impacting his performance during some (of our 2-3x/week) sexual encounters, so he's started taking ED meds which seem to have helped.  I was confident we could get things to where they should have been, but he's doubtful.  He agreed to try talking to a counselor, alone at first, together later if we get there, he wishes it would work out, but highly doubts that it can.  The roles have reversed.  Now I'm all in, and he's emotionally and intimately withdrawn.  He's also having career struggles, trying to manage through depression without meds (he doesn't want them) while being in lockdown, and worrying about why his stuff doesn't always work in bed with me.  Do you think there's any hope of him being able to want to connect with me intimately, and to be vulnerable again with therapy?  I keep thinking if we can get to a happier place post-pandemic, post-depression, post career midlife crisis, that there's hope. I'm as loyal as they come, have always taken care of him in my love language, but he never heard the love because he needed the touching and cuddling that I didn't give him.  I needed more help around the house and with the kids, but he didn't give me that because he resented me for not loving him how he needed.  I figure if people can be happy after affairs, this should be possible?