Like wow. Not to be that person but like what the fuck is wrong with white people?? They literally look at all non whites as less then. I am African American and Saudi Arabian. White people have always treated me with the utmost disrespect and unwelcomeness. It’s 2020, and I can still be the ONLY non white in an establishment. Then they stare at you as if you are not allowed to enjoy the same daily life activities. Whites literally own EVERYTHING in this country. They’ve never allowed anyone outside the race  to get to far ahead. You have to literally kiss ass and turn yourself off while in their presence just to even be accepted. They are very rude to me in public places especially if my name is involved. They ridicule it because it’s not Amy or Heather or fucking Hannah. These people have the privilege to do just about whatever they want in life without much reprimanding. We are told to GET OVER 400 FUCKING YEARS OF DISMANTLING AN ENTIRE PEOPLE. DO YOU WHITE PEOPLE NOT UNDERSTAND we as black people will NEVERRRRRRR have the luxury of accurately tracing our roots because YOU SNATCHED THAT AWAY. We will never be able to research and find out if we were Royal or anything of our African descent. Just as you all can 23 & Me your white ass way into “oh I’m 24% French and 45% Irish. WE AS BLACK people do not and will never have that very human like ability to simply trace our SPECIFIC  origins. Jim Crow and the civil rights movement we actually had dignity and did our best to fight back WHILE REMAINING graceful. White people have ALWAYS been the root of destruction & chaos for us. Yet we have continued thro the centuries to keep pushing forward. Now by the 90s every one is fed up and gangster rap comes into play. Well hell? What did you expect????? You all are stupider then I thought if you all REALLY assumed you could oppress an entire race for so long and they wouldn’t eventually revolt in some degree? Yes it’s all very ignorant but think about the ROOT of such choices. Racism and prejudices have plagued our existence since we were brought to this land. Not being able to have the same opportunities as the person sitting across from you simply because you were born a certain color is something I don’t believe any white people will be able to fully grasp. So what do people do? They start doing illegal things to make ends meet. I do not understand the mind of an American White. They are entitled, oblivious & veryyyyy rude to whomever does not look sound and act like THEM. It’s very tiring, white people, we are human too.