 i've been thinking about death grips a lot, it's an obsession.  Death Grips.  been thinkin about postin some dank shit posts, but I'm always reluctant to, thinking I'm not good enough, my most recent shit post idea titled "It was right in front of our faces the whole time:  Death Grips are werewolves"  see what I mean? get ready for this one.  "Are you guys team Zach, Team Andy, or Team Stephan"  I ain't ever going to post that one, but I will post this one because it's META.  Post modern.  Art.  This post is Death Grips.  Visual art, look around you what do you see?  Death Grips.  It's more than the music,.  I've been thinking about art; art and Death Grips.  I think their are three important factors when it comes to art.  1. The art. of course.  Art, it's kind of an abstract concept, what is it? I dunno. 2.  The artist, that's the person who makes the art.  And 3.  Everyone else.  Death Grips has done a good a job at merging these three factors together.  What I mean is this post is official Death Grips cannon, you might as well call this post Death Grips -The Shittest of Shit Posts because this is official Death Grips cannon.  Think about it.  George Lucas makes Star Wars. 20 and 40 years later, we get some prequels and some sequels and whole bunch of other random shit but that ain't George Lucas, that is FAN FICTION.  But it's not fan fiction, it's official Star Wars cannon.  Anyone can insert themselves into the cannon, Jesus did it, you might as well call me the Jesus of Death Grips. One way Death Grips like to include the listener into their lyrics is by using 2nd person perspective, making the listener a part of their art.  One particular example I can think of is from Face Melter "Don't know why YOU'RE wasting time, just know what I do with mine"  where it's as if Ride is mocking the listener for even listening in the first place, which I think is especially meta and very post modern.  Death Grips is the music, Death Grips is the art, Death Grips is Zach Andy and Stefan, but it's not just them it's Nick Reinhart, Matt Hoffman, Mexican Girl, the director of shrek and Dj swamp, but not only that, it's the youtube comments, it's the reddit posts, it's the memes, it's you and me and everyone, because Death truly Grips and we're all going to die.  Death Grips is Zach is Andy is Stefan is Star Wars is Shrek everyone and we're all one, ty and good night.