I’m on about 90 mg of vyvanse right now and I put on year of the snitch and was reminded of how much I fucking love this song. Like the anthem of a seedy laser rave orgy in the shitty part of San Francisco. I still remember when I first downloaded this album from like megashare or something after the kiwis leaked it and it started out with this song and I really fucked on it hard. I was laying in my bed, like 7 in the morning I’d stayed up all night in anticipation for this album and was just jammin to it for a long time. Played it at home, played it while working out, played it in the car on the way to go workout. It’s the shit. I don’t work out anymore, not sure why, I can’t  really do anything for long periods of time. Worked out for like five months, lost like 30 pounds and never touched a weight again. I’m like that with everything, how does one break the habit of being unable to make habits? I took up coin collecting as a kid, that faded away, was big into golf and played on the golf team in highschool so I could get out of school for fours hours twice a week and go smoke and drink on some golf courses in fucking Patterson and Sacramento (they have a shitty golf course, I once was putting and a mangy stray dog came onto the green and took my ball and ran off) I was big into trucks and mechanical shit for a while, stopped with that, I used to go help out at the homeless shelter, stopped doing that, I get bored of jobs and college went shitty. My constants are music drugs and writing but I haven’t been motivated to do that. Does anyone have any tips on how I can find something and actually stick with it? Model plane guy s, how do you do it? Sports dudes, how do you go play sports several times a week? Joggers, how do you not get burnt out of jogging every day? When I came back home I would write out a schedule for myself everyday and follow it to a t, that was supposed to help me stay sober and help with depression, I didn’t stick with that either and I don’t know why I enjoyed it and it gave me an (albeit thin) feeling of purpose. I’d like to have a thing to do and have that just be my thing you know? A friend of mine his thing is raising steers. That’s cool, that’s his thing, he raises a steer from birth to steer adolescence then sells it to a local farmer who will butcher it and sell it to stores or private parties. Often times he will ask the farmers to send him the hide and they do, he has a stack of hides in his closet from steers that he raised and sold and had butchered. Says they have sentimental value to him. I always that that was a bit morbid. This other friend of mine has church, that’s cool he’s very religious. That’s how he gets his sense of community and meaning it’s all wrapped up in that one thing for him it seems very convenient. Another dude I used to know his thing was meth. He’d wake up if he had slept, do meth, and I guess just watch tv or go about his day like any other dude. That’s cool you know that’s his thing. But how do you find that thing that’s for you that you can do often without becoming tired of it or bored of it or just apathetic about whether you do it or not? What does a person do who doesn’t have a thing do? I watch movies and listen to music and with the virus I’m not going to work, but everyone does that. That’s like the default. I don’t have like one thing that I can point to when someone asks me what I do or what my hobbies are. I’m not the guitar guy or the art girl or the bodybuilder food weigher guy. So what the fuck you know? Anyways, I’m getting a bit off topic, my point is that I really enjoy this song and while I won’t say that it’s underrated because people seem to voice their appreciation for it when it’s brought up, I will say that I think it needs to be brought up more. It harkens back to my favorite project, steroids (crouching tiger hidden banner MEGAMIX) and Mc Ride raps are such incredible speeds on this track that as I listen I wonder to myself whether one man can really vocalize intelligible words this quickly or if it was done I post with some kind of program to speed up his voice. Does he rap it this quickly live? I will watch a concert video to find out. I know the music video is a concert where they are performing (I’m assuming) this song, but that doesn’t count because the audio is very clearly not live aso that’s not a good indication of whether or not he actually raps that quickly. It’s no indication at all actually, I am no closer to finding the truth of this song than I was two years ago when I first heard it at 7am in my room via my MacBook Air thanks to the kiwis. Maybe they used ableton sped it up there. Or do they use logic or garage band. I don’t know, anyways, my point is that this is a great song and this is its appreciation thread so appreciate it in the comments below if you so choose or upon seeing the title of this post appreciate it by utilizing your minds voice, in silent communion we will appreciate this song.  It’s a good song and I think that we should all take a moment to remember that this is a good song. Maybe reminisce on the time that you first heard it and soak in the nostalgia or share it with a friend see if they like it, tell them that it’s a good song and explain why you like it. Text it to them now and let me know what they think of it. If you’ve already shared it with a friend or have someone that you know has heard it and enjoyed it, text them or call them now. Say to them, this is a good song. Do you agree that it’s a good song? But the key is that you will only text or call people that you know like this song so that way when you ask that question they will voluntarily go into why they like it without you coming across as intrusive. That’s not manipulative and I hope I didn’t come across as trying to get you to manipulate the people in your life that you know, I get how that can seem manipulative but there s a difference between being manipulative and trying to coax someone into an honest and open discussion so that you can understand their feelings and thoughts in a way that makes them feel comfortable sharing that with you. And they should, because you want to know their opinions because it’s fun to talk about stuff we like with other people who enjoy the same stuff as we do. It’s good to get outside perspectives and it’s good to have discussion, even if you might disagree on some things at the very least you’re being opened up to new ideas and points of view and at the very least you know that you both enjoy this song a lot because it’s just a great fucking song I’ve had it on repeat for a bit. So yeah, call your friends now and talk about this song with them. Take as long as you want and enjoy the connection you have with that person. After that, come on back to this post and comment and tell me how it went. Or better yet have this post open and as you talk on the phone write your comment and transcribe the conversation word for word so that I may get a better understanding and get joy out of the fact that other people enjoy what I enjoy and also so that I can pretend like I was there. Call em up and talk about it with them, they’ll be pleased to hear from you and maybe you guys can check up on each other and catch up on life ask how they’ve been and what they’ve been doing, make sure they’re alright and make sure they don’t feel too lonely during the quarantine. Anyways, I guess my point is that this is a truly fantastic song and I’m glad other people like it and like this band because I think it’s cool that a mutual interest in something can bring people together and form community. Anyways, this is the Death Grips is Online appreciation thread so please to remember to appreciate Death Grips is Online when you see this