Fucking hell, I feel sick. I'm both angry and disgusted at the same time, at myself for seeing this shit and even more at the people who allow it to exist and continue to demand it. I managed to find a breeding ground of child porn websites today, unintentionally. I usually use the dark web to access markets and forums etc, nothing too extreme, but today I decided to experiment with another search engine as there are only so many links you can find on duckduckgo through [dark.fail](https://dark.fail/), hiddenwiki, etc. I'm not sure if I should name the search engine as it is a direct gateway to these websites and you never know who is reading these posts, however when I describe it some of you may know which search engine I'm referring to.. Basically this search engine is quite "niche" I guess, many prefer it to duckduckgo as it only displays active dark web links in the search results, unlike Duckduckgo which displays mostly Clearnet links when you search a keyword. It's also not the easiest search engine to find a link to, it's like searching for google on bing. Anyway, I found it, and it does what it says, it's basically a way to search the deep web for a website without going on an endless hunt for the right link, and gives you very relevant search results. Some of the websites/markets I came across were definitely sketchy and most likely fake. Now me, being a dumbass, decides to search "porn". If you search this term on DuckDuckGo the first results are always from the Clearnet: Pornhub, Xvideos, Redtube etc. I don't know what I was expecting to see when I searched this up on this search engine but it was definitely not what I ended up seeing. Most of the time the results do not have a description, just a couple of subtitle keywords. I clicked on the top result link out of curiosity and expected it to bring me to some extreme adult fetish porn website which you would expect while exploring the deep web, however, it took me directly to a very explicit child porn website. I quickly clicked out, but under further inspection, I realised ALL of the results were links to child porn websites, some using keywords such as "jailbait" and "playground" in the description while others were plainly obvious. I knew child porn websites existed but I innocuously thought it was something that was very difficult to access and only existed on deep private forums... and I never thought it would be something I would stumble across as a first result while looking up "porn". I'm a female myself who suffered sexual assault when I was young and what I saw for that brief second made me feel sick to the stomach and I can't imagine what it must be like for these young children who are only a few years younger than me, and victims of child porn. I know it was stupid of me to even search up "porn" on the deep web in the first place, I was honestly only expecting to see some sick extreme fetish sites at the most, as I thought all of the illicit things only existed on areas of the dark web that you could only get to through extensive research, and thought it was all just an urban myth that these things fucked up things existed online and that easy to access... I deeply regret looking that up. I'm disgusted because I don't think people realise how easy it is for people to access this kind of content, even accidentally, all without a trace. I've reported the search engine's results to authorities and [https://www.iwf.org.uk/](https://www.iwf.org.uk/), who can hopefully take it down, and I urge others to do the same if you have ever come across such material. Although it's been sickening, It has taught me a lesson to be much more careful when using the deep web as I was exploring carelessly, thinking that I would never see such content. The dark web is not a censored place, and once you see something, you can't unsee it. Please be careful and don't be stupid like I was