About a year and a half ago, I started going to a new dentist. I hadn’t been to a dentist for a while before, but I needed to schedule an appointment because a piece of a filling on my molar broke off while I was eating. It was right on the corner of the tooth, so it was a pretty sharp edge. They did all of the x rays for my first visit and checked out all of my teeth. Surprisingly, they said my teeth were perfect (other than the piece that broke off) with hardly any plaque and that I had no cavities. They recommended that I get braces, not for my crooked front teeth, but for my molars. I’ve never even heard of that before but they kept telling me about a special type of braces that go behind the teeth so they’re not visible. Later, I told my dad about this and he said they were only pushing that because they put braces on patients there. Anyways, I made an appointment for a few days after to fix my filling and they initially tried to fix it without numbing, but they said the filling was deeper than they thought so they gave me the shot and replaced the filling. It seemed to go well until the numbness wore off and I could feel that my tooth still had the corner missing! It wasn’t as sharp as before, so I suppose it’s good they fixed that, but still. And that tooth has always been hard to floss by since then, always feeling like the string gets stuck on something. Then they noticed that I had a cavity on a front tooth. That confused me since just a few days before they checked my teeth and saw no cavities, and no spots on my x rays. So I had to make another appointment to get that fixed. I was scared since I haven’t had a filling on a front tooth before. It was weird, since I could tell they were drilling into two teeth and I was told it was only one tooth that had a cavity. After I got home I looked at my teeth and I was really upset. You can see exactly where the filling is on  the upper incisors, the color is slightly off (which isn’t too bad) but I was mad that I could see and feel the seam. Not only that, but one tooth was widened. The two teeth that had fillings were crooked, the central incisor in a normal spot with the lateral incisor further back, but not behind the central one. There used to be a small gap between the teeth but now it’s closed and wider and I hate it. I’m already insecure about my smile and this made me feel worse about it. Another troubling thing about this filling is that it still bleeds every time I brush my teeth, just on the filling portion of the tooth. I don’t want to go back to tell them to fix it because I’m afraid they will make it worse. A couple months after that, I developed sensitivity on the molar they replaced a filling on. They took more x rays and examined the teeth to see if there was a cavity but found nothing. They said they were going to “put medicine on it” and it was really something that would make my sensitivity act up so they could tell which tooth it was. That was strange to me because I can handle the pain, they don’t need to trick me like I’m a little kid. They came to the conclusion that it was a micro crack in the tooth and they could fix it easily. So I had to go back again a couple days later and they did the filling very fast. I had less sensitivity, but I could still feel some there. I don’t know what to do, if I should just live with mild sensitivity or risk messing up more of my teeth. I feel nervous at the thought of returning there since I always end up having problems.