So to start.. I’ve done hours and hours and hours of research but I’m still not sure. Earlier this year I was diagnosed with GAD and panic disorder. But all of this started late last year. I was a heavy marijuana smoker for years. And one particular night I was smoking with some coworkers and I got one random thought “someone gave me acid” and I was immediately filled with the most anxiety stricken panic attack I’ve had in years. I tripped acid ONE TIME about 3 years ago and had a horrible trip but I’ve been fine since up until this episode last year. Since that night when I would smoke I’d get really anxious and thought “what if someone gave me acid” even around people I knew and trusted. I kept getting these overwhelming feelings that everything around me was fake. I was fake. I’d look at my hands and they didn’t seem like they were mine. Lights got brighter, the whole world got crisper, and I would get incredibly panicked thinking the world wasn’t real and that, you guessed it, someone gave me acid and I MUST be tripping. Fast forward a few months I stopped smoking weed altogether and was plagued by terrible panic attacks every day and utterly terrifying feelings of dissociation from reality and myself. Like I KNEW the world was real but it didn’t feel or look like it. And I became obsessed every time that I must’ve been slipped drugs. I stopped drinking open bottles of water or out of cups, I’d nervously ask my brother if he spiked my food when he cooked, and so forth and so on. I eventually got into a psychiatrist and got medicine for the anxiety, within two weeks the panic attacks stopped. But I’m still plagued by these episodes of unreality, and every time it happens my mind races. What did I eat or drink last? Could there be acid in it? Am I tripping? Am I real? Is the world real? It feels like I’m in a shitty movie. Like My consciousness was pulled from the rest of my body and was sat at the back of my skull and my eyes were windows and I’m just watching myself exist and do things in the world. And none of the therapists or psychs I saw brought up derealization or depersonalization when I explained my symptoms. That’s something I found in my own research. But through all of that I’m also terrified I may be developing something worse like schizophrenia. So I’m just looking for a little advice from people who may have been in a similar situation. Please help me. This is the worst thing I’ve ever experienced. Constant fear of being drugged or going insane. I wouldn’t wish it on anyone. Sorry if I rambled a bit.