I’m sorry this is so long. I haven’t been able to get counseling because of the quarantine and I needed to get this out. I’m 24 pushing 25 and 3 weeks ago I was 34 weeks pregnant, baby kicking all the time, (including at the doctors appointment I had that week) feeling miserable but so happy, and then 1 week after my seemingly normal check up about half way through my work shift I noticed I hadn’t felt my baby move recently which was really weird because usually he’d move so much I was in constant pain, and I texted my mom the moment I felt I knew something was wrong but I ruled it out as me being overly worried since I always worried about him, then when it didn’t change after work I left a voicemail with my doctor after getting some opinions. They called me and told me to come in in the morning for a standard “non stress test”. After being up all night worrying I went in. When the nurse wouldn’t look me in the eye while checking his heartbeat, I knew what I was going to hear. She scheduled me for an ultrasound with my doctor for 3 Hours after she couldn’t find his heartbeat. Just to confirm. I remember the moment she told me. I couldn’t even look while they checked. After almost 8 months my son had no heartbeat.  I could see my boyfriend try to process the information fast enough to Both grieve and keep me from screaming in the same second . I wanted to scream but I couldn’t do anything but make broken noises. My worst fear prior was no both getting pregnant before I’m ready or not being able to get pregnant at all (and he was an accident in the timing category) I never even considered losing a baby. They made me and my boyfriend come in within 12 hours to induce labor. They had to do my IV 3 times (im scared of needles so that sucked)and my epidural twice because it wasn’t working enough the first time  (I was 6 cm before I let them give it to me) and after I went numb I cried through the whole delivery with my mom, boyfriend, sister and god knows how many nurses watching out of pure grief. My boyfriend held back tears the whole time as he coached me through pushing and told me he’ll always be with me and we’re going to get through this. I couldn’t feel anything physically but I knew the moment my son left my body and that’s the most heartbreaking moment I’ve ever felt in my life. I heard my boyfriend break down as he cut the cord and I couldn’t look. They let me hold me and it hurt so fucking much because I’d never seen a more beautiful baby and I knew he’d never open his eyes. He even still felt so warm. Like there’s no way he wasn’t alive. They were going to let me leave within 5 hours of delivery but in old town being myself to give him back because they said I could spend as much time with him as I want and if you’ve never been in this situation it might sound really morbid but I’m so glad I did it but I didn’t want to give him back til about 12 hours later. and what was even worse is he looked like me and everyone in the room saw it. I was prepared for him to look like his daddy but he had a lot of my features  and now I can’t even bare to look at myself because all I see is him. I just got the autopsy results back and there was nothing out of the ordinary and I don’t know if that hurts more or less. I feel like such a failure as a mom and a girlfriend because I was so ready (but also not) to be his mommy. Don’t get me wrong he doesn’t blame me in anyway but I can’t imagine how looking at me must feel despite what he says because he sees our son too.  I loved that baby so much you guys and the irony in his name is unbelievable. And I have a lot of support but my friends don’t know what to say and I don’t want to be the girl obsessed with her dead baby but between having to move over an hour away while I’m supposed to be on bed rest from giving birth and this corona virus quarantine stress making it impossible to get into counseling I feel like I’m going to have a psychotic break. There’s a lot more I want to say but I’m at a loss for words.