I haven't really made a post on Reddit, but maybe this is helpful. I've been depressed for years. Since I was a kid(I'm 22, working and out of the house and all shortly after I left highschool). I feel empty and dead inside some days, and lately it's been increasing. I left home years ago to a career that I thought would give me some purpose. In many ways, it has..but that is fading these days. This same line of work I've become a part of doesn't look kindly on mental health issues, so maybe I can at least let some of my thoughts free on here. The Quarantine hasn't helped. I sit at home entirely too much with little to do. This has always been my problem, I can bury my depression in others. I often am the joker of whatever group I am apart of. I put off my issues by getting others to laugh and try and bring more joy to everyone's day. It's always been the most helpful thing but that isn't an option lately. With work cut to essential persons and such I can't bury myself in that either. Most of my friends are really just coworkers in a way, even though we all work closely and get to know each other in rare ways. Even though none of them know about how I am when I'm alone. No one knows that. I can only play so many video games, read so much..etc. I've been turning back to alcoholism lately, which is also something my line of work frowns upon. I had felt a sense of accomplishment for the first time in a long time for kicking that addiction all by myself after years. And that seems to be going out the window. I'm holding back starting smoking again too as best I can. It's always been these extended moments of time where I find myself alone enough to have no other choice but to look in the mirror and be alone with that dark little ball of self loathing hate across the room from me. Not to sound especially mentally damaged or anything, but if I close my eyes and try to sleep I can damn near hear and see that part of myself. Telling me everything I hate about myself. Everything wrong with my life and why I should feel this empty. To top it all, my somewhat purpose providing career might come to an end in the time ahead, and I have no short term next fulfilling life step ahead of me to keep me going like before. I feel like I'm coming to a dead end and these episodes are becoming longer. Any recommendations or just acknowledgment or just sharing your lives with me could be helpful, and dearly appreciated.