I don’t know if I am depressed. I might be but I’ve never actually been diagnosed by a doctor or anything like that. I’m a teenager so it might just be a phase but I don’t really tell anyone about the way I feel sometimes. Like teens nowadays I would make jokes about being messed up in the head but so does everyone else and I don’t know if it’s normal or if a lot of people are just depressed or whatever. I dunno but this has been happening since the summer before I started high school (I am now in my last year of high school). I would get very nervous during school and dread going every single day. It was probably the worst year of my life. I don’t know why but I hated every social aspect of it and I was stressed out so often, I even got a white hair which only stressed me out further. My would seem so dull and endlessly boring. Nothing had any meaning or purpose to me. It was a very dark time for me. I never thought of it as depression but I got a little better sophomore year. It wasn’t as bad. Still bad but not worse than freshman year. And then junior year came around, and it was probably one of the best years I’ve had since entering high school. I was very stressed out but life had a little color to it. And it made me realize that the way I felt in the pst two years might have not been normal or something that everyone just goes through. I read about depression sometimes and I some times I still get the feeling. I don’t know how to explain it, it’s just this feeling and it made life seem like it was useless and had no meaning. It was nothing compared to the way I felt during freshman year but it would come and go. As the years passed, it would come less and less and since senior year started, I haven’t really felt it. I’m not sure if it’s because of being quarantined but the feeling is back. I’m starting to see the signs of when I go into these episodes, as some people call them. I remember watching a video about signs of depression that aren’t as obvious and it was scary how much I related to all of them. And I don’t know. The feeling is coming back and I’m kinda of scared because it’s been a while since I’ve faced it and everything is so dull. I don’t want to get all depressed and have no emotions or be sad. I don’t really have anyone to talk to about it and I just wanted to get my thoughts out there because I always hold it in. I’m just one of those people who isn’t comfortable telling people how I feel. Mental health is a sensitive subject and I don’t like telling people because I feel like they will just look at me like a lost puppy and feel bad or just not know how to deal with me. I don’t wanna put that burden on anyone. I don’t expect anyone to actually read this whole thing or even respond. I’m just putting this here to get my thoughts and feelings out because I think it’s been long enough that I’ve held these feelings in. Anyways I guess I’m done. Sorry that this is so long but yeah. I hope everyone else is having a good day :)