There’s so much going on inside and outside of school and I don’t really know how to deal with it so I result to cutting. I’ve been having a hard time with so much and giving up has been the only thing on my mind. I really don’t know what to do anymore. It feels like everyone else is moving on with their lives and I’m stuck here in this dark hole which I cannot climb out of. Nobody knows the real me. Nobody knows how many times I’ve sat in my room and cried. How many times I’ve lost hope. How many times I’ve been let down. How many times I felt like I was going to snap. How many times I’ve had to hold back my tears. When I’m sad, and the bad thoughts that go through my mind. On top of all this my family is so dysfunctional. I love my dad but from a distance but then again I hate him for what he put me and my sister through. I don’t stay with my biological parents nor family. For one my mom is dead and my dad is pretty much a thrown away junkie. Drugs and money is his main priority and he’s probably somewhere off in jail. But that’s not the point. I currently live with my foster parents (mom and dad) and foster siblings (brother and sisters) and of course my biological sister. I hate where I am currently is basically what I’m tryna say. I feel completely misunderstood and hated in this house hold. I remember my mom being angry at me for something or us arguing almost every single day before or after school. It could be about anything, and it would always end with me in tears. If it was before school, she would always pretend like nothing happened once I get home. I just really hate how she used to raise her voice at me. Now I get nervous whenever someone raises their voice around me. Also I have a tendency to forget stuff as well as take any message literally, so I would often do a chore wrong because of this or forget something, and she would  yell. One could almost be led to believe I would not be able to hear her if she spoke with a normal voice. Almost every day ending up with me being frustrated or crying because I felt it was unfair the way she acted, but I also thought it was normal for families to be this way. My mom puts me through so much verbal abuse. Instead of giving me motivation she brings me down. I got in trouble for breathing today. No, that's not an exaggeration. I literally got in trouble for breathing normally. My sister said it was too loud and she couldn't have a nap because my breathing was too loud. So I got in trouble. As per fucking usual. I hate my life so much. My mom actions effects why I think everyone hates me because it’s kind of similar to how people treat me. My sister got it good because she’s treated like royalty. They bow down to here. Sometimes I try to look on the good side and think it’s because she’s younger but then again ugh idk.  With all the things I deal with at home I go to school to just get bullied I swear and I hate it. My 4th period teacher is so petty and shady towards me. She’s freaking evil! She knows I don’t like speaking in front of crowds and she constantly always chooses me do things and I’m always the laughing stalk and center of attention in that class. I mess up and I wine up doing something embarrassing because of my anxiety. I will never again trust the sound of laughter coming from behind me; I always assume this means someone is having a laugh at my expense because it always play out like that. I try too hard in friendships and also bail on them more quickly because I have a hard time trusting friends. Most of my bullying growing up came from girls who split their time pretending to be my friends and then destroying my self esteem so... Ughhh I’m sorry for taking so much.