Don’t know if this is needed but I am a 17 year old male. I’ve been severely depressed for about a year and a half now. It is currently my senior year. Last year I suffered from a horrible concussion which was given to me when a senior punted a football inside the super small locker room before PE at my school. The ball hit me on the forehead, I tripped on my pants (I was in the midst of changing) and I slammed the back of my head onto the wall behind me and then onto the concrete floor. I was unconscious for awhile. When I woke up nobody was in the room except for a teacher and my two friends. I don’t really remember much more of the day. I later was diagnosed with a severe concussion and am still mildly affected by it. I missed months of school and the person who punted the football (student body president, super popular) never apologized. It turns out he ran out of the room when it hit me and he went to play basketball. I managed to get through junior year and I took the ACT (I got into the school I wanted a few weeks ago). When my brain began to heal, I started to get severely depressed. I  actually began to get depressed a month before my concussion in October of 2018. I ended up breaking up with my girlfriend at homecoming that month because I felt I couldn’t put my all into our relationship. We are still good friends and she’s been supporting me. Anyways, my depression flared up in October of 2019, leading me to being put in a PHP (partial hospitalization program). I was going to the program which taught CBT and DBT skills during the day and going home during the night.   After two months of PHP, things weren’t looking so great. My care team switched my meds which in turn made me really suicidal and I began to self harm. At this time they decided to send me back to school. They said “we send suicidal people back to school all the time” I would self harm in school and have active thoughts. Eventually PHP wanted me to come back. A few days later, they decided to send me to the hospital. The issue is that it was a Friday night and no hospitals had beds. We had to drive to a northern suburb (don’t want to give away my location) and I was placed in the ER for 3 and a half days. They tried to send me to an inpatient hospital 2-3 hours away southward. I was eventually admitted to the hospital I was staying at on Monday. I stayed in inpatient for a full week and my meds were changed again. I began to have less suicidal thoughts and almost no self harm. I was able to spend time with my family over the holidays. I currently am back in school and it is finals starting this Tuesday. I just ended my time at PHP and am now doing an after school program at the same place. I am doing half days at school with only my needed classes to graduate. I currently am writing this instead of studying because I need to get it all off my chest. I just want to graduate and go to college. I’ve missed so many classes that I may not be able to graduate. I truly am worried. I also can’t get the hospital out of my head. I feel like I have PTSD from it. I know this experience was mild compared to almost everyone else’s. I feel like I shouldn’t even be complaining.