I never realized it till now but I should have been hospitalized many times in my past. I have attempted suicide 5 times and failed every. single. time.  With every attempt, I have gotten closer to not waking up but still haven’t found the perfect concoction. I usually drink too much wine and then take somewhere between 15-30 pills of over the counter sleeping pills. I started with 10 pills thinking that that would be enough and now I’m up to 30 pills. Next time I’ll try 50. The last time I tried, the next day I was very out of it and had a hard time functioning but I can usually make it through the day. I should be going to the ER but I never do because I don’t want them to think I’m doing it for attention. So, I just go about my day, hoping that nobody will ask too many questions. If I go to the ER for a suicide attempt, I know that I will be put on a 24hr hold to be properly assessed by a mental health professional and I don’t want that because I don’t want to draw attention to myself. I don’t want people to think I’m mentally sick because of the stigmas. I’ve gotten so much negative feedback anytime I open up to people. They usually tell me to get over it because they think I’m faking it and that my feelings aren’t valid. I don’t want to be seen as trying to get attention. It would be hard for me to accept that I’m actually sick. I don’t think I deserve the help but yet I’m so prepared to kill myself. When is the time to reach out and how do I help myself? I’m so stuck right now. Even after seeing a therapist, I didn’t know what to say when I was in there so for the most part it was just three 50mins sessions of just sitting in silence because I couldn’t define why I was there. Eventually I just stopped showing up and now I have no hope that there’s help for me. The meds I was put on didn’t work and I was put on 3 different types...maybe I am making this all up but yet I still would rather just kill myself than live a miserable life that involves me faking all of my emotions because I don’t know what they really feel like anymore. It’s driving me mad and I think I’m going to attempt a 6th attempt soon. Hopefully this time it will work.