Never done this before but here we go. So, I'm a 18 year old Male with clinical depression. Lots of stuff has been going on in my life recently. I used to go to therapy, but it just seems like no matter the outcome, I can't seem to get myself to use methods to improve my life I've made with my therapist (latest one, but the other day, was told she doesn't work there, damn it, I actually liked going, she was hot :D But, anyways, I've tried therapy, and even medication and I just don't feel any different. I've had multiple sessions, and even gone to the stage to the actual psychology, which also didn't go anywhere, because I stopped going. I just have this tendency to stop doing stuff after a short period of time, and this is with anything. I used to be decent, no bad memories, no major signs that were telling me who I really was, fast forward to now, I don't even think I have clinical depression. I'm starting to veer off and not leave my room, about 20 hours of the day is me in my room, playing games, watching podcasts, watching whatever I like on YouTube, coding (new habit, also my choice of career). So, the majority of the things I like to do now, revolves around having nobody being around me. Everything I do is pretty much all me. I can talk to people just fine, but I'm starting to notice how extremely anti social I've become. The internet is a different place to connect with people, but being out and about with people, no thank you. This also means that the only people I'm comfortable around, are about 3 friends I still keep in touch with. I don't really have a connection with my dad, but my mom is pretty much the only person I actually talk to. I'd go out with my friends, but everything time I'm going, I'm going out getting high (weed if you're curious). Though, these are my friends that we have each others back, and we seriously mean it. Now, here's the part where I don't feel like I just have clinical depression. I love my few friends I have, but since we get high every time, I'm starting to feel like I'm using them for my own benefit, if that's even correct. So, I guess I'd say my friends are just a way to get high. Also, I started smoking weed when I was like 15 or 16, can't remember. Honestly, I'm actually glad I've been smoking weed because I've finally found something that makes me not just feel good, but be comfortable around people, I'm not worrying about what I'm doing, and more focusing on communication. I do live in a legal state, but of course, I'm not of age. I've been really thinking about getting me a medical marijuana card because I've tried adderal, I've tried Zoloft, and etc. I absolutely hate taking pills, and I can't keep a routine where I'm taking my medication when I need to. On the other hand, I smoked weed every single day, until I run out, so not literally every day of the year, and I've been doing this for about 2 years now. I honestly love weed because I've been able to be the real me. I've also been using it for sleep because it's extremely hard for me to sleep because for some reason, I just can't get comfortable. I'll be tossing and turning for 30 minutes, or even longer, or to the point where I'm so annoyed that I just stay up until I'm actually tired. Now, on the flipside, without weed, I can't do anything productive, I can't be motivated (literally every day I have to force myself into something because motivation is not real to me). For the past few years, I kept missing school because I just couldn't get myself to be responsible, never felt motivated to even go to school. So, ended up getting my GED. At this point, I'm completely done with school. Now, here's where things start to piss me off. I don't have a job, I've never had one in my life. My parents aren't too happy, but since my dad was originally in the Air Force, and when I was actually going to school, I was taking JROTC freshman through junior year, we all thought it'd be good to join the military. Now, not going to go in much detail, but I'm really not interested in the military at this point anymore. I'm not scared of going, I'm scared that I'm going to go and not have a good experience, due to me having my condition, and especially motivation. Shit, I don't do anything really at all. Being in my room and as I'm typing this, I am living in a somewhat dirty room (its been better but still bad), and I've accustomed to living like a slob, so I'm completely fine living in my own filth. Of course, being like this isn't good and I'm trying my best to live in a cleaner environment. So, I'm just not ready to enlist, yet my parents are so anal about this that they are up my ass about this. They are supportive, but I keep saying I don't want to do it, and I keep getting pressured into it. I agree with them when they are talking about this stuff because I'm really just trying to end the conversation because I seriously don't care anymore. I don't work, and extremely lazy. Though, most of the work I actually do is all in my coding. So, the majority of the day is based on a screen, and I'm fine with this. Being like this, my parents want me to go out there and get a job, get experience, just do something rather than being in my room. This is where I've thought the most. All they want to do is help, but I keep telling them I don't want to do it, and they get mad because if I don't enlist, I'm not going to do anything like I am now. I just really don't like working. I wouldn't consider coding as work as I find it quite fun. So, having no prior work experience, I have no idea where I'd work if I stay and not enlist. The thing is, I don't wanna go out my own house. EVERYTHING I need and like is all at my house and on the screen that's allowing to even type this. So, obviously I'm quite the introvert. Now, this is where I feel like my clinical depression is turning into sociopathy. I know that most are in it for themselves basically, and I'm on the same boat to be honest. I'm a violent person, I love to help when I can (mostly internet wise), and I've even taken the liberty so take 100% real sociopathy tests that absolutely has no typos... Anyways, with the somewhat real diagnoses, every single one I've taken has said I'm having signs, or that I am, so let's just say I may be  one. There's not complete info to really guess but I really have a strong feeling of it. I could add so much more but I'm starting to think this is getting to long. Whoever reads this, do you think I may be a sociopath? Do you think I should really sit down and talk about getting me a weed card? Any other info is appreciated.