I have always been depressed since I was a kid. I grew up on a small reservation seeing a lot of drug abuse and alcoholics. It hurt worse seeing my own mom run away from her problems and use drugs and same for my father but with alcohol. I never had someone to look up to so I gained a lot of bad habits from my mom as I mostly lived with her for most of my life. I’ve always felt I’ve realized how cruel the world could be since I was young. I grew into this why should I care when no one else around me does. I mean I seen my reservation get trashed with bottles, I’ve seen people all fucked up off meth as almost everyone was on it, and I’ve seen my mom get beat up by her boyfriends and her brothers just laugh about it. No one around me cares so why should I? This mindset followed me for awhile, I was deeply depressed until I met my ex girlfriend in 2015. I always seen her in high school but never seen her as someone I would have thought I liked. We met one day after a basketball game and we just hit things off. And for once in my life things actually felt ok I had a reason to live again I met someone with pure intentions and someone who actually loved me for me. After we started dating she showed me a different person that I wanted to be. I really wanted it to happen but i was constantly getting challenged with hardships. My dads sister passed away in a car crash and she left behind her 4 kids she was starting to become someone I looked up to then one day she was just gone. I was mad at god cause my thought was how can you take a mother of 4 kids and leave them with my grandmother who was dying. I started drinking and smoking more. These habits caused a lot of bad things between our relationship. She wanted me to stop drinking but I couldn’t I liked getting numb I liked not thinking about the problems even tho it wasn’t my worry but I cared to deeply to not worry. It’s especially shitty cause I was living with my dad at the time but he didn’t care if I drank and partied so I was doing it all the time. Some days I’d get off school and me and my friend would buy a pint sometimes day after day on school nights his continued for a while until my dad left to rapid to be with my younger sisters. I was left at home with my dads brother who would come back drunk and always try to fight me. My ex offered me a place to live but I never really accepted it. I’d spend the night or a couple days sometimes but always felt like a burden for accepting the offer to stay. This continued for a long time I was still happy with her. Things were ok again after I finally accepted to live with her I no longer had to deal with all these toxic people in my life things were good again I was happy again. We had a good relationship until a girl I use to like finally decided to have feelings for me I chased her for years so I didn’t know how to deal with it. Me and my ex went to prom and she didn’t like to drink then so I was the only one who went out after prom with friends I got drunk and my dumbass started flirting with the girl. She ended up finding out and this where a good things just started slowing going downhill we argued about stupid things more. I grew up seeing my mom screaming and fighting at her boyfriends so it makes me sick to think I use to act just like that. But even after all the bad we was always there for each other in the end. I lost my grandma and I literally lost it this woman took care of me when my mom wasn’t there. She was literally my mom and she called me son. I lost my shit I got drunk and cried. I even went to see her a day before they was gonna pull the plug drunk surprised the hospital even let me in but I think they took pity to let me see her. I cried to her all by myself and told her I would stop drinking and smoking and take care of the kids. I slept in the lobby and the next day I was distant i didn’t know what to say anymore I wasn’t ready to let her go. I couldn’t stay with her as they took the breathing machine I wasn’t strong enough. After the funeral I was drinking hard. It’s became a ugly habit and I was ruining things more by not handling my emotions I became more distant and stopped telling my ex about everything I started hating the world. I took a break from us cause I knew I was putting a lot of pressure on her she had her own problems and here she was dealing with all of mine. I left her cause I hated hurting her, it made me feel like a monster. As I felt through all these emotions I thought my way of doing it,was the way to handle it. I moved in with my mom for awhile and I dealt with her toxic attitude it really made me question am I gonna be like my parents or am I gonna be someone my ex made me feel like I wanted to be. We started talking again but I hurt her when I left I knew she didn’t understood but I was scared of hurting her anymore. We ended up working things out and we both decided to go to college. We was going to class together everyday and things were once again back to normal only problem now was her household her aunties were bad on meth and they became a problem for our relationship but nothing to serious. One day we was watching a movie and we heard someone drop in the kitchen she goes to check and I hear her start crying. I go to look and she one auntie sitting on a chair with her head tilt back not conscious and the other laying down on the floor everyone starts freaking out and I remember seeing auntie #2s kids start screaming cause they see there mom lifeless on the floor I chase everyone out and have my ex’s mom call 911 and I start to preform cpr. This felt like the longest 15 minutes of my life. Everyone is coming in and out of the kitchen screaming and I’m sitting on the ground trying to get air in her system. She’s getting more and more purple. I’m freaking out cause the aunt on the chair wakes up but doesn’t realize that her sister is on the ground literally dying. I get mad slap her in the face and force her face to look at the ground. Her first response was “what happened.” I was mad freaking out cause she literally supplied the drugs. I go back to the cpr and finally she wakes up and she starts crying. My ex’s mom was is yelling at her for being dumb. I go outside and start chain smoking cigarettes cause my anxiety is through the roof. I call my mom and cry tell her to stop doing drugs. She says she ain’t but I know she’s lying. But it felt good to have her comfort me. After that day I grew an anxiety that felt worse day by day I started having ptsd and always seen her purple face in the back of my mind. I stopped focusing on school and failed a class. I lost funding and was lost. This when she really started to give up on me. I assumed cause I started to give up on myself. She warned me and I really felt her done with me. She told me she fell for someone else and I begged for one last chance. She gave it to me, I started to workout everyday I prayed to a god and forgave him I even went to therapy even though I don’t believe in therapists things felt back on track and she said told me things like “were meant to be.” And “I swear your my soulmate.” And it helped not to worry about the guy who I thought of as a friend that liked her. Things were good but he was always in the picture. I even told her that if she wanted to choose him just do it I’ll more than willingly leave. But she said no she wanted me. So I believed her until I found out she was hanging out with him behind my back. That really broke me and I just got drunk and wanted to kill myself. Everything I was working on went back to where I started I left my hometown cut off a lot of friends and just been drowning myself in liquor and drugs and as much as I don’t want to I do it anyway I feel myself becoming my mother everyday. The messed up part about all this is I would still go back to her in an instant cause even though I’ve been forcing myself to hate her I still love her :(