This is my exact words from a r/depression post but I figured I would share it here because I don’t know what to reach out to anymore because I don’t want to reach out to therapy or family. My hope would be that everyone who knows me will just forget about me. I don’t want to be missed, I just want to be gone. Happiness is a feeling that was not meant to be experienced by everyone. And one of these days, I will be lucky enough to enjoy the feeling of not existing. I can’t give a reason to why I’m depressed, my parents are good parents and I have a good family but I can’t seem to be happy. The only thing keeping me from ending it all is my brother, I know if I kill myself my parents will split and it will leave my brother hopeless. My parents complained about me for years on end. I would wake up to the sounds of complaints from my parents and go to bed to the same thing everyday. Those complaints just made me lazier and less inclined to improve myself. I constantly feel like I don’t deserve to be loved and won’t ever be. I was diagnosed with diabetes when I was 12 out of the blue and that really flipped my life upside down. I always feel like the last pick in everything. I have a large amount of friends, and not to sound cocky but I am semi popular at school. Even when I hangout with large amounts of friends I still feel alone. I just feel like no one really cares about me. Not to mention that no matter how much my parents say they love me I can’t seem to really believe it, to me I feel that they only love me because they feel obligated to. This makes me look for that feeling of love in romance but that never works out. I am 16 and used alcohol and weed to help me keep a feeling of numbness and not feel the pain I feel but I got caught and now it’s much harder for me. I loved doing graffiti but my parents found out about it and stopped me from doing it, it really was my escape from reality and a source of temporal peace and calm but that’s gone now. I just want to feel happy and can’t. I know my suffering is not anything compared to other people’s, and I tell myself to remind myself but my weak self doesn’t want to continue living. I don’t know why I’m here anymore, I didn’t ever ask to be here. And I really just want to be gone more than anything. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.