This will probably end up with me rambling on and on so I apologise in advance I just have so much on my mind.  For the life of me I can't figure out what is wrong with me.  My life could be best described as a series of extreme highs and lows.  I've battled depression my whole life, literally some of my first memories from childhood are those of deep depression.  I have come to my wit's end here, I've done and researched everything that I can think of to fix this crap.  Everything from the spiritual side of life to supplementation both legal and illegal.  Happiness is a fleeting emotion that I only seem to barely be able to grasp long enough to remember what I am missing.  When I finally do grasp it I'm filled with dread knowing that it will be gone soon.  Even my life is a visual depiction of these highs and lows, I've been everywhere from jail then being homeless to now owning a home and having a six figure income.  Yes I have had a tough life in several regards (abusive father, mother bailed when I was a kid, abusive women I've dated/married, just so much tragedy in general).  I don't want this to come across as a poor me crying rant, I actually pride myself on my emotional resilience but I've come to a point that I need to admit I need help or someone to talk to.  The spiritual experiences I've had only made things worse honestly as it showed me how meaningless and insignificant life in this world is, I feel so insignificant in the grand scheme of things.  Pride, self importance, entitlement, heck even the act of having expectations in general just feels so ignorant and blind.  What is the point in all of this?  No need to worry this is not me alluding to suicide as I know that will fix nothing (yes I have struggled with the thoughts of it but could never act on it).  How do you deal with a life surrounded with so much fakeness?  Everywhere I go people are so consumed with pointless bullcrap like sports obsessions, political arguments, arrogance and so on.  I feel like I'm living in the freaking matrix haha, but honestly it does just all feel fake and meaningless.  I don't know what I'm expecting from this post especially since I just created this account yesterday but I just can't hold it in any longer.