Im sad. I thought I was strong and finally happy but no. In 7th grade I was close friends with three people (1 girl and 2 boys). 7th grade was and okay year sadly girl did pick on me even on my birthday but still tried to keep a smile on my face. Leading up to 8th grade, it was one toxic horrible year. My 3 “friends” would make fun of my laugh, talk about me behind my back, etc. The girl would “compete” with me and copy everything I do. I gave up and let her win. I was so done with them so I left. Keep in mind I had many classes with them so it was hard to avoid them. Sadly I couldn’t escape because since were all very close our librarian, she noticed that I was not with the group anymore. She found out that I had left and kept on telling that it was my fault and I had to apologize to them even though I was the one hurting the most. But of course she didn’t listen. One horrible memory I had was after I left the group a boy who would sit with us during lunch, saw that I was alone and asked where was everyone and I said library and explained that we are not friends anymore. He said okay then if they are not friends with you then I’m not friends with you either and left. After he left I went into a bathroom stall and cried. I was so alone and broken and spent so many nights crying for a better life in hs. I was in a very dark and contemplated taking pills to end my life but I didn’t because I still had hope for a better life and thought about my family I would leave. In hs I still get called ugly and judged upon but I just become numb bc I’ve been called so many things that Im used to it. I’m friends with a one person who uses me for hw answers, judges me, but nice to other people. Maybe bc im ugly? But recently I’ve been feeling lost, alone, and worthless. I’ve been quiet about this bc im afraid people would think I’m acting like the victim or I’m looking for attention bc thats what my “friends” said about me. I just want this out of head and someone to listen to what I have to say after being ignored for a long time.