***real quick before getting into it, I guess I should put a warning that I briefly mention that I've intentionally hurt myself in the past in a way that wasn't picking (I don't go into detail). Don't know if that's necessary or not, but just in case*** I think I've always picked at my face since I started getting acne. Of course, it started small, though. Now it's almost every time I go to the bathroom. I tell myself sometimes that it's not a problem, it's just satisfying. But, like, plenty of things can be satisfying and not be good for you. It's frustrating, because I don't feel like I crave it, not like craving chips or nicotine. But as soon as one bump or blemish or what have you is felt, it's just a matter of time (usually only a few minutes unless I'm in class) before I'm tearing away at myself. And then I do it to my legs, and that's more of a recent thing. Razor bumps/ingrown kind of stuff. Started maybe a year or two ago, or at least I noticed I was doing it a year or two ago, who knows anymore. And there's so much more real estate there, you know? It can last up to an hour. But those sessions are further apart, like sometimes a month (maybe? I don't know if I'm sugarcoating it, I never kept track). It's really weird because I have also self harmed, intentionally, not via picking at my skin, but cutting. For around 7 years I think. But as of April I've been a year clean so that's good. But it's totally not the same as picking. I don't pick for the same reasons, for the same purpose, or with the same mindset. It's completely different. I have noticed, even before I was clean, that the condition of the skin around my fingernails always gets worse during times of stress (like longer-term stress like finals week and stuff like that) and other than that I really don't mess with my fingers. I make every point not to, because my mom constantly picks at hers and it drives me crazy (I don't want that to offend anybody, it's literally only when my mom does it that it drives me nuts), so I don't even notice when I do it—like it starts without thinking, I guess, because I'm so conscious (most of the time, I guess) not to. I don't really know what I'm getting at with this. I think I probably have it, but I'm so in denial and confused. Does anyone else relate to any of this? Sorry this was so long.