Hello, I just want to mention that this is my first post on reddit. I have not been diagnosed by a medical professional. But I do just want to let you know about the "quirks" I have. I believe I have dermatophagia and I don't say this like "I think I do" but I have been biting at my fingernails/hangnails/cuticles since I was in the second grade. I remember this vividly because my second grade teacher told me "don't put your hands in your mouth that is disgusting." From that point, my mother was aware of the issue and so was my father and I told that to my primary care physician when I was in let's say 5th grade (because I don't remember when exactly but I am going to say elementary/middle school). The physician said it was just a bad habit and that was that but low and behold I am 23 years old now and I still do it. Not only that but excoriation of my lips too. Because I have been doing this for so long, people always ask me why I do it or how I feel when I start picking at my skin and I notice that it is usually before an essay, big assignment, or when I watch tv. Sometimes it is out of sheer boredom but I really started to notice in college because I would have an exam every week and literally the two days before my exam, my hands and lips would get battered and bloody. After the exam, my skin would recover until the next exam and it has just been an endless cycle. I know how you feel when you hide your hands so no one sees the raw pink skin and asks you "what happened?" I know what it is like to never paint your nails because that will draw more attention to your abnormal cuticles and nailbeds. I know that fear that you might get a necrotizing bacterial infection that may cause you to have a finger amputated. I have read those stories and I have tried to stop. I will say that aquaphor and o'keefes working hands at night before you go to bed helps more than anything that I have tried to heal the tissue much faster. I still feel like the only solution would be wearing gloves everyday but that doesn't seem practical to me. I am glad to read everyone else's stories and as we try to resolve this together I hope we can all share techniques that have worked for them so it may help someone else. (Sorry for the typos idk if people on here are anal about spelling lol)