I didn't think so. I don't understand where anyone gets off saying that people shouldn't use any and all of the typical weapons that get bitched about. Dust Rock, Revoker, Erentil, LH, NF, etc. These all exist in the game in an equal capacity and are obtainable by anyone willing to work/grind/earn them. The way people talk is like you need to be considerate of other people's feelings before loading up a crucible match using meta weapons. Like I'm sorry, let me equip some irrelevant exotic and 2 blue weapons to make you feel better and help you win. I must have missed the memo saying my loadout is supposed to accommodate you and not me. And you know what? That still wouldn't make a difference because a skilled player can shit on most others using non-meta weapons anyway. I've been wrecked by people running Trust with explosive rounds while I had NF in hand. Is Trust "broken"? Definitely not. Could I have survived if I made a different play or was more aware in the moment? Definitely yes. Reflecting and adapting are wonderful tools for winning future encounters. The problem is the people on the receiving end not being able to take the hard-to-swallow pill that they either suck or can't counter effectively. I can't count how many times I've killed someone with a certain weapon and they switch to that same weapon mid-match and still continue to lose. It's your rage and skewed perspective that makes you lose, not a weapon being "broken". And if the weapons really are the problem, by your logic you shouldn't still end up at the bottom of the match results when you switched to said "broken" weapon out of rage with more than half of the match left. Every weapon is fair game. If you can't accept that then go play something else. The variety of guns we have available to use is one of the biggest things that make Destiny unique and fun. If Bungie decided to validate all of your complaints right now and made every single player "equal" in terms of stats/loadouts, do you think you would fare any better in pvp? No, you wouldn't. Am I saying that all weapons are perfect? Absolutely not. Should Lord of Wolves continue in it's current state? No. Should Erentil kill at sniper range? No. But like I said, anyone can access these weapons, and anyone can use them, including you. People want to win, because let's be real, who the fuck wants to lose? Even if those weapons were nerfed right now you'd find something new to complain about almost immediately. If you can't handle any of these harsh truths then maybe the crucible isn't for you.