 I have done as the title says, and compared Destiny 2 to Destiny 1.  Especially given the Pandemic and lack of content I have had plenty of time to compare Destiny 1 and Destiny 2.  Although I could be very specific and critical of certain aspects of Destiny 2, I try to be as objective as possible; so after so many words, I have come to conclude the following:  Destiny 2 is over, for a number of reasons Destiny 2 has gone as far as it can and no more can be added into the game to fix the problems that are beyond repair.  So I want Bungie to take advantage of the arrival of the Pyramids in this next comet DLC to do a hard reset to Destiny 2 to springboard into Destiny 3.  When I say hard reset, I mean everything is reset, at the very end of Destiny 2 our player character is killed doing what they do best, killing stuff (think noble six in Halo Reach).  Then for Destiny 3 Bungie should jump forward in time to make Destiny 3 feel like a new game, not just a continuation of Destiny 1 or 2 (more of the same will be the death knell for  Destiny 3).  The reason I say Bungie should make a hard reset for Destiny 3 is that making the game feel more like a standalone title will provide a fresh experience that will benefit everyone.  Bungie won’t be as tied down to Destiny 1 or 2 concepts and can explore new and interesting story and game play elements.  A quick example of interesting new game play elements is giving the player character control over a small force of robotic frames that the player can customize and use in different PvE and PvEvP scenarios to assist in combat or other roles.  All of this however pales in comparison to the biggest take away from this article which is that BUNGIE SHOULD TAKE THEIR TIME.  The best content takes time to develop and before Bungie releases Destiny 3 they should take at least a 2+ years to make a solid foundation on top of which Destiny 3 can continue to expand upon.  Especially as of now Bungie is overextending themselves with this seasonal model and unless Bungie doubles their staff they will not be able to keep up with this model in Destiny 3.  The second most important thing Bungie has luckily been doing is listening to their community.  I feel Bungie should continue discussing the future of Destiny with the communities of BOTH Destiny 1 and Destiny 2, however they should release a survey to both communities to discern what works in each game and what can be improved upon in future Destiny games.  Only through discussing and listening to the communities will Bungie be able to set a foundation on which to add a flourishing game (Youtubers/streamers are readily available for discourse, but the whole community deserves a voice), as any new Destiny game will not only need the support of the Destiny community but will need to add new content that the players never knew they needed until they get it.