Destiny 2 is fun but personally I have stopped playing it,since the release of Shadowkeep I stopped having fun tbh the game didn’t really change that much besides new weapons(that no one really uses because they have god rolls of old D2 weapons) and maybe some new story elements. Going back to the moon was fun but I’ve already been there it just felt like the moon from D1 but with some forced exposition shoved down my throat(the triangles we saw after defeating Gaul) and some things here and there to do. Yes it made it harder but it didn’t change much besides the grind to max power level and the raids nothing is really hard anymore. I’m not asking for some darksouls level of difficulty but I would like to be a bit more challenged. Also the Crucible sandbox hasn’t changed one bit tbh the meta for the most part(weapon wise not abilities) is still the same, pulse rifle with a damage buff, hand cannon with range, shotgun or sniper, and a machine gun because you would be stupid to run anything else. I can’t really talk about abilities because from what I have seen and heard some things are still the same from when I last played. Don’t get me wrong D2 has the potential to be a great game imo but idk why I just don’t feel the same need to play it like I once did. During the last year when forsaken and that season pass came out I played D2 like no tomorrow but I noticed a trend and this is imo Destiny’s biggest flaw, weapons and how things don’t change. Weapons haven’t really changed for Pve you want outlaw rampage and that’s it, yes it’s effective at killing stuff but that’s not fun anymore. For PvP it’s basically the same story with a twist, maybe some different perk selections here and there but it’s still the same a damage buff or a reload buff yet again I’m not saying this is bad but there needs to be more variety or different perks that do different things besides kill one thing now my gun does twice as much damage as before. And now that I have taken a step back and just watched D2 from a distance I now know that the game is fun but not hard or even much of a challenge. Sandbox changes that actually nerf or change things that are op or broken come way too late and that takes the fun out of the game tbh I miss D1 taken king crucible because for the most part you could use whatever you wanted and still do decent with it, yes there was a meta but you could use your favorite Exotic or your favorite legendary that wasn’t part of the meta and still do fine, now you have to be using a God roll pulse with a Shotgun or a god roll hand cannon with a sniper or things like that it’s been that way for 2 years now and there hasn’t been too many changes to weapons. And there are certain armor pieces that still after 2 whole years haven’t been changed too much (OEM) and that really doesn’t help either because then that makes it the same way with weapons that now you as a player have to use a certain thing you don’t like or aren’t familiar with to compete with other players. And for the most part that’s why I left D2 behind I personally was not having fun anymore if you have fun with the game more power to you, you do you and if you don’t like the game say why you don’t I want to have a legit conversation about this and what we as a community can do to change it.