The amount of hunteresk design characters in destiny floods any other class. Hawthorne and Petra, although not guardians, have cloaks and hoods like a hunter. Hawthorne is even hinted to be a hunter if she were a guardian in cayde 6’s mission. Uldron sov and even Mara are dressed up like hunters. Eris is even apparently a hunter even though she looks like a warlock. In terms of legends, hunters have Ana bray, shiro-4, Andal Brask, Shin malphur, and now that I think about it the exo stranger looks like a hunter as well. The story of Destiny seems like it revolves around hunters. Who do the titans have to look up to? Sure saint 14, Zavala and shaxx and maybe Saladin but out of all of these only saint and Zavala have stories that involve them doing something MEANINGFUL in destiny 2. We’ve literally never SEEN Sloane do anything amazing in destiny 2, unlike other characters in the game,so she’s a forgettable titan. Now who can the warlocks look up to? Ikora? Maybe. But she doesn’t have the appeal of other legendary characters like cayde or saint. Osiris and Toland have potential as well but that’s literally it in this huge world of destiny. All I’m saying is that if the story of destiny had more impactful characters from other classes than just hunters, people might try other classes out. When saint 14 returned, it hit me. We finally saw a legendary titan people can stand behind. I heard many people saying “saint is so cool I want to main titan now”. I’m sure many people made hunters because of how awesome cayde was or because of Shin Maplur and his western story. I seriously don’t understand how in all the years of destiny, characters that are introduced are almost all hunters and is almost never a titan or a warlock. Asher myr and Sloane don’t count because they  just stand around doing nothing. They have cool backstories but they literally do nothing in destiny 2. They have all of these characters that are hunters and half that for the titans and warlocks and wonder why everyone plays hunter. Don’t even get me started on the new model designs for the warlocks skin tight dresses and the force fed weird medieval knights, when what I wanted was my amazing space marine armor design. I’m tired of playing hunter. I want to be able to play titan and warlock but the armor design just isn’t what it used to be and the lack of cool legendary characters of those classes make them feel like they have no footprint in the world of destiny.