Recently I've started replaying D1 with a new character because of the total loss of interest in D2. To my surprise I 100% prefer this to D2. I don't think it's just nostalgia either. I've been saying since the first dlc for D2 is feels like a hollow shell. There has been nothing memorable about this game for me other than the initial storyline, Forsaken, and Shadow keep. Everything that I remember I love about D1 is no where to be found in D2. Was it perfect, no. But I think by the end of it they got really close. It is a much more memorable and immersive world. Like everybody says it just feels magical, even still. I hate that the factions are nothing in this game. Factions were such a cool part of the original game. Faction rally wasn't a bad idea but wasn't worth the effort for sub par guns. Honestly they should just bring back the old vendor system for them. It wasn't anything amazing but it worked. Sometimes less is more. Trials of Osiris has been a disaster. Idk why they just didn't go back to the formula they used in D1. There was a reason why it worked so well. Even crucible is a disaster these days. Even the way the Guardians armor looked was way cooler. The armor now is so un-inspired. D1 had so many cool armor sets and D2 is like hey you guys like re-skins? Also hate this Fomo system. I've never felt it. Come grind for this gun that every other Guardian on Earth can get in a few hours that'll get nerfed if it's to good. Not worth it. Also that's not what makes memorable moments. They try to force memorable moments and that's not how it works. To me the memorable moments are made by playing with my friends and doing stuff organically and not being forced into them. But still even through all of this I support Bungie. I still buy all the add-ons and other stuff I won't play. I really want then to blow me away with a D3. I just feel like they should maybe re-play D1 and remember what made that special. I even encourage fellow guardians to re-play it. There are just so many small things that made that game more fun. That's even after playing it so many times. Also bring back SRL! Kinderguardians don't even know! Sorry for the long post.