What if they added a Crimson days themed version of Sturm and Drang that takes the synergy of the 2 weapons but makes it work between 2 players. One player would equip either equip a "Crimson Drang" and the other would equip "Crimson Sturm" and they would allow players to boost eachother. Perhaps also have players gain boosts by sticking close together but also weaken when separated, but a boost when your partner dies, basically just make the effect system from Crimson days work everywhere else when running these. On top of that if they gave it a full exotic quest then along the way you could earn highly specialized armour mods for the weapons, "Sturm and Drang targeting", that would only boost Sturm and Drang, no other weapons would benefit but both Sturms and all 3 Drangs would.  Note that the reload speed mod should probably be replaced with something else as they're whole schtick is reload eachother, maybe make it increase they're  magazine size, or boost they're synergy traits, or allow Sturm to put overload Drang aswell instead of only refilling the magazine.  As for how to exactly do it they could just add a new Drang, and not a new Sturm, (but have an ornament with the quest), or just add a new Sturm, maybe make it only work with Drang (Baroque), and start the quest by earning it in the menagerie. If they did add a new Sturm to balance things out make it use green special ammo. They could also make the new Drang exotic forcing you to equip only one, or give them a perk that allows you to equip with the Sturm exotic, but no other. Other interesting thought is that if the have the Crimson playlist effect make it so if did a raid with 6 people all running this Crimson combo make it only work between 2 specific couples, so if I do a raid with a, b, c, d, e, and f, on the side it could say alpha couple for a and b, beta couple for c and d, and charlie couple for e and f, meaning the perks only work between those sets. I'm thinking this could have a similar concept to rat King.  And this would also make sense lore wise as Sturm and Drang were gifts a couple gave to eachother. What do you guys think?