Well today has been a deep conversation kind of day, one my really good friends who is a medic on base is on duty today. While we were sitting outside out of the blue he asks me what’s wrong... Caught off guard completely I responded with, “nothing, I’m good. Why, something seem wrong...?”. He just looked at me and said, “I can see the worry/wonder on your face and in your eyes.”... Damn, am I really showing it that much? I thought I seemed good (on the outside), does anyone else see it or is he the only one that actually cares to ask...? He wondered if it was something to do with the ex, so when we had the patio to ourselves I opened up to him about the amazing woman I had met that stole my heart. How her and I met, the drawing we have towards one another, the difficulty of having to leave and be home without her, and the times I’m in right now. He said, “bud, it sounds like you fell in love with this woman”.... That I did, completely. Was head over heels for her and honestly, I still am. Then he opened up to me and said he understood, he had met his wife now when he was an instructor for EMT and told his wife at the time he had fallen in love with another woman. He went on to say that everyone told him that it wouldn’t work out, there wasn’t a chance in hell... That was 39 years ago. But he transitioned the topic back to me, and told me he understands now why I have the worry/wondering look in my eyes. I was taken back still, I’ve always been told for at least two decades that I’m cold and emotionless. If that was so, how can he see that? Maybe I was because I wasn’t with someone I actually truly loved...? I mean I do have a slight worry about it all, but he’s got one thing right about the wondering part of it. I’m stuck wondering all the time, about her, what’s she doing, how is she feeling, is she okay, how are things going? Then it transitions to wondering about us, what would we could be doing when her and I are off work, would she come to the department for dinner when I’m on shift, getting random flowers/gifts at work, stopping by to visit her/meeting for lunch... Those are some of the constant daydreams/wondering I do have everyday, guess that’s why I see her everywhere I go and in everything I do. She’s always there and definitely so now after the deep conversation this afternoon. I wasn’t expecting to reminisce on everything today, but here I am strolling down memory lane... I also brought her small bottle of perfume with me to work to spray a little on my pillow. The first spray I squeezed out the air, I had an instant smile the moment the aroma hit my nostrils. God I miss her... I hope she is doing okay...