He awoke with a start, the water from the floor in his face leaving and salty taste in his mouth. He quickly felt around himself in the dark wondering where he was. The floor was moist, cold, and metallic. It felt a bit chilly and he began to regret his constant shirtlessness. He stood up shivering and began walking around, searching for anything so he could get this over with. Searching around he quickly found multiple skulls on a small mound surrounded by other human remains, feeling them he quickly found teeth marks on them. Diavolo sighed thinking of what this could mean. He quickly found a door and upon feeling realized that he was on a boat, judging by its lock. He opened it and found what seemed to be a lounge, it had a carpet which was rather dirty and several overturned tables and broken chairs. He looked around for something to eat, his hunger persisted even past his deaths. He found a canned orange and quickly scarfed it down, only to quickly throw it back up. He looked at the can and realized it was years expired. He decided he should clean himself up seeing as how he didn't know how long he'd be alive and he began searching for a shower. It was rather simple for him to find almost as though it was placed there for him. He stripped and began showering hoping to finish before something showed up, for a moment he felt as though this was stupid, but felt compelled to do it anyway. Suddenly, he heard giggling behind him. Fear coursed through him, it was unlike anything he'd ever heard. He turned around and saw a massive orangutan through the shower curtain. It seemed to notice his suddenly tense breathing and turned to him. Suddenly it ripped the curtain away and Cornered him. Diavolo suddenly regretted his long hair, but decided he wouldn't go down without a fight. He quickly threw his body against the beast hoping to buy himself some time. He barely even staggered it due to his small frame, but it was angry and threw him across the room and he crashed into the wall. He felt blood leave him from the back of the head and he felt adrenaline flood him. He sprung to his feet and was quickly tackled to the ground by the beast. Diavolo gently wept as it smelled his hair and licked his cheek, but he still had some resolve left. He threw out an elbow and caught it on the cheek. He heard it screech and for a moment he thought himself lucky, but he realized its screech was in anger, not pain. It crashed its hands against his back and began pummeling him until his resistance was depleted. Diavolo soon succumbed to his blood loss after the beating. The Orangutan began laughing to itself furiously, til it realized he was a man.