I am a white male. I am college educated, and i work in a conservative white collar industry. I am located in Atlanta, but location and vicinity is not the most important aspect of what i am seeking. Although that all sounds very boring (and it is just that) i am anything but. I have been a dom for about 5 years, and have had roughly the same amount of subs during that period. I believe in always remaining open in our communication of desires, needs, and limits. I am a gentle but firm dominant, and my specialization lies in the art of training submissive women to embrace and explore their innermost desires. My specialization is in training upstanding and completely independent women into becoming as slutty as they can possibly be. To embracing their new role as a personal slut and fucktoy, yielding to their desires to be used and controlled. Further specializations include orgasm deprivation and control, bondage, spanking, and cock worship training. Rules and restrictions will be adhered to at all times once established. Vanilla Me: Im 6'0, 165 lbs, with Blonde hair and Blue eyes. I have a 4 year degree and a steady job (i am quite busy, please respect that) i love film, and i love literature almost as much as i love music. I speak English, Italian, German, and a tiny bit of Spanish (emphasis on the word "tiny"). Although i am most certainly seeking a sexual connection, i find that the strongest sexual attractions often stem from an underlying intense mental connection. I am much more likely to find people i like at my local library than i am at the latest and greatest dance club the city has to offer. Vanilla You: Female 18+ (this should be a given, but youd be surprised) and a submissive attitude. I prefer women who have little to no experience in this type of relationship, as they are the most engaging to train, without fail. No race, age, or body type restrictions, although it is preferable that you take care of yourself to at least a small degree. I am most attracted to your attitude and mentality. If you are still reading this you are obviously interested, so lets talk. Let me know the best way to contact you.