So, let me set the stage for all you fellow redditors out there: There you sit, after a long work day in a shirt that probably should've been washed weeks ago, with that mustard stain that you probably should feel more disgusted about, browsing reddit thinking, "You know what would be FUCKING SEXY? Human interaction." Oh yeah. You're not the only one, and I'm here to tell you, I can offer human interaction in ways you've -never imagined-. Sound too good to be true? Well, it probably is, but what's the internet without a few astronomical disappointments? But, let's be serious for a moment. I'm a guy. I offer little more than most other human beings, albeit my body is biologically engineered to provide banging cuddles and my inclination towards affection makes me pretty... "Attentive" where others may not be. "But gross random guy," I hear you shout, "What makes your mention of unsolicited physical contact any more appealing than anyone else's?" Well, I'll tell you-- I've got pillows. I mean, lots of them. Like, way more pillows than one person needs, and let me tell you, they're pretty comfortable. On top of that, I'm good for one free meal, and I genuinely won't rush you into the ol' "boudoir" before you're comfortable. I'm totally down to spend time chatting, either online or in person, meeting up to do whatever activities you'd like, and willing to give suggestions of my own, if you want to try something new! Being that there's no pressure, I essentially want to make a new friend with the potentially for fun. Not the expectation. If you aren't feeling it, or change your mind, it's totally fine! If you're willing to just be a new person and do non-sexual things, that's just fine, too! My username is WILLdotonguestuff, not MUST. (I'd be lying if I said you wouldn't me missing out, though, I can do pretty awesome things with my tongue. Including things most might not do. Inquire within.) Basically, feel free to message, no matter what your intention, and know that I'm down to chat, meet, cuddle, taste you, try a new show on Netflix, ya know, the works. Whatever you'd be up for, I'm up for being your player 2. (Or 3, if you wanna get weird). Would be awesome to chat with someone!