Picture this... You lay on your back, pussy soaked with anticipation. I kiss your neck and nibble on your earlobe while squeezing and pinching your firm nipples. You start to moan softly and grind your hips up and down, your clit thumping. I move my hand slowly down to your wet crotch and start rubbing in circles. I slide a single finger inside your hole and your juices ooze out all over my hand and run down your inner legs. I spread the wetness onto your clit and push down harder, rubbing up and down. You grind your hips harder up and down, up and down. I keep rubbing your clit and take your nipple into my mouth and tease it, lick it, suck it. Then I take the other nipple and do the same. By now there is a decent sized wet spot right under your ass because your pussy is dripping. I make my way down, first kissing you just below your breasts down to you stomach, then your belly button and your inner leg. I make a quick move down to your ass and slowly give you a big, long lick from just above your ass up to your clit, then back down slowly with my tongue and then back up. Very slowly. Each time I pass your pussy I will stop and spend a few quick seconds tongue fucking you and teasing you. Finally I will take your clit in my mouth and softly bite down, while swirling and flicking my tongue all over it. You start moaning louder and louder as I work your clit with my warm, moist tongue. I slip a finger inside you and start moving it in and out while keeping light pressure on your clit. You moan louder and I take a second finger and slide it inside you, increasing my tongue pressure on your button. Once your pussy feels a few strokes of my fingers I curl them up and make a repeated "come hither" motion while jamming in and out with increasing speed. This causes you to moan even louder and beg me not to stop. I press harder with my tongue and work my fingers deeper inside and curl them more firmly, hitting your g spot with every stroke. After a few seconds you let out a loud moan, bordering on a scream, and beg me not to stop. I keep on going and a few strokes later I feel your pussy tighten and clench up on my fingers. I keep finger fucking you faster and faster, tongue still on your throbbing clit, and watch you arch your back as you finally are right on the edge. Just a few more strokes with my fingers massaging your g spot and you scream in ecstasy and cum for me. It lasts for a few seconds and sends shivers up and down your spine... Message me for more