There you were in the pool, your blonde curly hair dancing as the wind swept through it. Your black glasses framing her beautiful face, your enchanting eyes smiling through the lenses at me. Your curves were covered by a beautiful bikini that was stunning. I placed my hand over my boardshorts to mask the reaction you had on me. I hopped into the water and made a beeline over to you, taking you in my arms and holding you tight. You smelled incredible and I was even more intoxicated. I leaned in and kissed your dazzling lips, my tongue breaking through to dance with your tongue. I reached behind and undid the string of your bikini top and your beautiful breasts swung freely. I traced your nipples with my fingers as I continued to kiss you passionately, hearing you moan as I tweaked your nipples. I ran my hand down your body until I got to your bottoms. I ran my fingers over your lips and your knees buckled. My mouth moved to your nipples as my hand entered your bottoms, my fingers rubbing at your aching clit. You threw your head back in delight as I slowly inched my finger into you, feeling the tightness wrap around me. I slowly sucked on your nipples, pulling them gently with my teeth. You started to shake and then you unleashed a powerful wave of orgasmic delight. I slid your bottoms off and freed my erect cock. I picked you up and you wrapped your legs around my waist as my cock slid into your dripping honey pot. You moaned massively as I started sliding deeper and deeper into you, kissing you as we made passionate love. Your pussy was so tight, it clenched my cock like it never wanted me to leave. You shook again, this time with me deep inside of you. You looked me in the eye and told me that next time you came you wanted my hot seed deep in you. I quickened the pce, my balls bouncing off you as your glorious tits bounced freely. This was heaven. You looked me in the eye and told me that you were going to cum and I felt my cock gripped like a vice. You shook and screamed at the top of your lungs. With one last mighty thrust I shot my hot seed deep into your tight wet pussy, giving you the best ending you could have imagined.