Remember the younger boy I told you guys of? (Check out my last post if you don't know). So, he's my girl friend's brother. I often find myself at my friend's place. Initially it was just me visiting her house and me inadvertently spending time with her brother as well. But then one time he asked me what my Instagram handle is (which I shared with him) and he added me. Fast-forward 1 hour, I get notifications of him liking my older pictures, mostly the 'hot' ones. I took it as a young boy whose hormones were acting up. Over the next few weeks, his replies to my pictures, my stories got more common and usually the replies were not publically made but he sent me the picture privately and sent whatever he wanted to comment, mostly genuine and non sexual. Well, mostly. A couple of times he called me sexy, which isn't an uncommon thing I hear and nor does it suggest anything more than someone calling me sexy, I kinda felt different, nice, mildly turned on, very mildly. It prompted me to share hotter pictures on my gram. But since I couldn't share them with everyone on my list, I sort of shared it with my 'close friends' on the story (pardon me if you don't understand the Instagram terms). All this was for his reply mostly. He didn't go beyond the usual 'sexy' or 'whoa, so hot' but I did start getting messages from my other friends(whom I strictly take as friends). Wanting to get something better than a dull single syllable message, I decided to up the ante. But since what I was sharing was already very risque, I had to come up with some alternative. I thought of sending pictures personally to him (what I was considering the last time, you'd know if you saw my post) but then that would be tooooo straight forward (I want him to make a move). So what I did a couple days back was I removed everyone from my close friends list except him (no one gets to know who all are on that list and no one knows if they are removed). Since then, I've started sharing a bit more revealing pictures, nothing too indecent. But he's still stuck at the single syllable replies. Kindly tell me what should my next move be?