Why is it that I have to resort to drugs? I don't particularly like drugs. I've never had a good time using them. My beautiful ex-fiancee triggered something in me. Re-triggered something in me. It's been triggered once before in early grade school years by another person; in the latter instance a man who happened to be around 18 years old at the time, an artist and a psychonaut. I wanted to be like him since I was young and impressionable. I think he was six or seven years older than me. I don't think this is that much now that I'm in my twenties, though back then it meant very much. I never looked up to musicians and I never understood music, unlike my beautiful ex-fiancee. I hate that stupid "ex-" prefix, I wish she was just mine. Though I wish I were entirely different, and more capable of handling stress and our relationship issues. Though what I really wish is for both of us to have been different; entirely and completely different in all the critical areas. I didn't want to inherit my parents' emotional volatility. I didn't want her to have inherited her parents' strange and terribly edgy liberal outlook. Though if one were to examine her parents, and indeed, her as a human in all their manifestations, one would realize that the "liberality" they hid under was but a guise. No one is as "unbiased" and impartial as they try to make it out. Her father, a self-proclaimed democrat, had a clear understanding of human racial differences, even going so far as to admit the Jewish problem what with all its inherent economic and social underpinnings. Even resorting to physiognomy to predict human behavior, as a sort of external psychoanalysis. A lot of his theories and observations of other people could have easily been purely racial. All this from a supposed liberal. Though it all makes perfect sense; why would one try to give himself off as a completely unbiased person? It's a ridiculous thing to do. Bias and discrimination are innately human traits and have arisen due to our ability to think and reason and follow the causal chain of events. If one sees a particular trend among blacks, and it is overwhelmingly repeated among blacks alone, then one can reason that this trait or behavior is particularly black in its nature. Or the black seems to be more susceptible to certain behavioral trends. Racism is a result of simple causality; cause-and-effect. Anywho, it makes perfect sense as to why her liberal father let racial comments slide every once in a while. This behavior should be present in a man who has spent years practicing law. He isn't an idiot, he sees who his clients are, he can make inferences. He knows these people and their personality types better than those people know themselves. To remain in the law field and remain a stalwart humanist is a sort of farcical idea in itself; one is exposed to the absolute worst in human behavior when working in a law firm. In any case, her father was clearly a smart man who masqueraded as a democrat/humanist, call it what you like. These views are silly and they seemed to have rub off on my lovely fiancee who I continue to love, though now from afar. If she heard that she would no doubt laugh. No doubt break into tears, aggression. Maybe self-pity. I was the one that left her, though I was motivated by somewhat of a Kierkegaardian stunt. It wasn't stupid or frivolous, it was necessary. It was absolutely necessary for the situation we both were in. The relationship had forced me into complete mental and spiritual turmoil, maybe even physical turmoil as my sleep patterns were all out of whack and I was getting three hours of sleep every night for a few weeks at one point. Drugs. That's what my mental travels had begun their ventures onward from. My 18 year old friend. He was my role model and he did drugs; a decent amount of them. I wanted to smoke marijuana and draw abstract pictures and listen to weird classic rock. Just like he did. I started to dedicate a lot more time to drawing back then, which probably was a good thing as it gave me something to do in class to pass the time. I drew a lot of mushrooms. All of which my lovely fiancee enjoyed when we were children; we grew up around each other, you know. Grew up around each other and now we'll never speak a word to one another. I fucking hate everyone else, I never want to initiate a relationship with any other girl. It was all necessary, in any case. I just wish we were different. Anyway, I liked drug culture as a child and grew my hair out and wore baggy clothes. I never did drugs as a child though, my aversion of social interaction outside of the school limits protected me from prematurely frying my brain. I've got plenty of time for that now, though. This all ceased abruptly with my involvement in Islam and later crystallized into a great and prolonged hatred for drugs/alcohol after I became a White Power Neo-Nazi. It was then that the ravenous fires of White Struggle consumed what was left of my interest in hippie culture. I looked down upon all drugs and their respective users. I hated alcohol and marijuana most of all, as they represented the "socially-acceptable" highs that were accessible to nearly everyone. These were the drugs that appealed to the crowd, the mass-men, the subhuman scourge. I hated them all with a great and relentless fury. This is how my life was meant to play out further, though my beloved fiancee was of a different mindset. She entertained the idea of drug experimentation, especially that of psychedelics. This was far from being the case when she was younger; DARE had pushed her away from drug usage. Marijuana was a no-no, much like everything else. Then in her later, formative years, I assume 18 and 19, she had been influenced by her idiot friends with whom she had first smoked marijuana in a bathroom at a party. I fucking hate her friends. I fucking despise them, I am fuming as I write about this part of her life. I wish I could take them and force them out of her early life, I wish she had never met them and they were never able to exert an influence over her. I especially dislike her gay friend, she tried to convince me that she had many, though I only knew of this one "friend" who slept around with old pedophiles and worked at night clubs. A disgusting individual belonging to an utterly disgusting community of perverts and degenerates. They changed her and made her into something I could not live with. I wish they never existed. Anyway, as I loved her dearly and deeply, with my every fibre of my being, after we began our romantic involvement with each other some time at ages 19 and 20, respectively, her opinions and worldview began to mold me. We had grown up around each other as I had previously stated, we met when I was 13 and she was 14 over xFire, a now defunct instant messaging program. As I said, we became a couple somewhere around 19 and 20. We very much grew up around one another as I considered her and my other internet friends to be far closer and far more important than the people I knew in real life. I involuntarily, in a subconscious effort to appeal to her likings, began to involve myself in left-leaning communities and drug culture once more. I watched myself quite literally become a shadow of my former self. I don't like the decadent left. I don't like drugs. Why am I doing this? Because I love her; but this can't be normal, I don't want to change something in me that did not require any change. It's all happening without your consent, man, just get fucked up and have your limp body at the mercy of the fucking vulture-culture. Fuck man, who cares, you're doing it for love. Accepting gays isn't that big of a deal, accepting her use of medicinal marijuana isn't a big deal, she's in pain, she's got joint pain, she fix her diet, she wants to eat cookies, let her eat cookies and smoke weed, it's fine, it's fine, it's all fucking okay. She's on SSRIs, it's okay, she needs them. She can't live without them, right? She'll die without them right? She's not functional without them, she can't do anything without her pills. Hydroxychloroquine, whatever else, that shit that makes her wake up in cold sweats, that other shit that literally makes her unable to control her bowel movements, that other other shit that makes her keep putting on weight, sends electrical shocks through her body, the ones that are responsible for the plaques on her head. All these pills are necessary. She also needs to keep smoking her weed. Just fuck me. Just fucking kill me. I need to save her, not condone this government mandated suicide. I can't save her. My every protest makes her cry, makes her shake, she's unstable as it is. I need to accept her. That's all. I need to accept the gays, accept the gender-neutral parenting, accept the pills, the infatuation with drugs, the feminist reprogramming of my brain, the status quo, the Lady Gagas and Taylor Swifts of the world, the pop culture, the awful consumerist culture that's embedded in her, the Funko Pops and Avenger superheroes, the complete degeneration of genuine femininity, the infantilism she's immersed in from head to toe, the video games, the shallow conversations, the lack of a concrete identity (let me dye my hair different colors, it's who I am; hair dye isn't a legitimate identity, you silly and beautiful girl), the grime and filth, the inability to clean and tidy up, the piles of clothes piled up in her room, the inherent irreligiosity which pervades her family, the sexual promiscuity, the lack of discipline, and finally the complete and utter indifference which makes up the cornerstone of all the aforementioned dysfunctionalities. And now, she is no more. Her physical presence, at least, no longer hinders my being and my existence. But the bloody gash remains, it remains and it bleeds violently and never seems to fully heal. One of her remaining bite marks seems to be drug abuse. In my foolish attempts to reintegrate drug positivity into my life, I have found myself addicted to several substances. The first was kratom, my favorite drug. It could be described as both an opiate as well as a stimulant. It helped me bear the difficulties of the relationship back when I came to the realization that not all was well. This was about a year into the relationship. I was very hesitant about using it, as I was very straight edge and still held pronounced National Socialist views on intoxication. It helped, though it resulted in a lot of inner conflict that I can't quite rid myself of to this day. The other substance I struggled with is dextromethorphan, in other words, cough syrup. I hated the feeling and I despised everything about it; the dissociation, the confusion, the inherent autism of drinking Robotussin like some sort of animal. Nonetheless, it provided an escape. Any high, no matter how terrible, was better than remaining sober in a relationship that left me trembling every night while laying in bed. Thinking about the future was killer. I hated thinking about the future while tied up in that relationship. I knew how things would have ended up and that is what scared me. I knew I would have to break up with my poor, beautiful fiancee at one point or another. It was either then, or it would come later when we had children, property, and years of mutual companionship. I did not want to cause her the pain that I knew I would at one point. I was pushing away the inevitable. That was the overarching dilemma which watched and waited and was ever-present from the moment we spoke words of love to one another; I initiated a relationship which was destined to come to an abrupt and painful end. Thus, the responsibility of it all is completely mine. I knew what was going to happen when I confessed my feelings for her, I knew it could not work. I knew we were different, we were on different planets entirely. My loneliness and my belief that a relationship was the only cure were the deciding factors which ended my friendship with the girl I cared about. Granted, the friendship dissipated because it progressed into a romantic and intimate connection, though, as this bond was never meant to last, there ultimately was no real progress from friendship to relationship. There was simply termination of friendship and that is all. Termination of a great friendship for two years of painful romance that was destined to end. I killed my friendship with the girl I loved and continue to love. Perhaps I simply pitied her, though I still continue to spill tears because of her. I'm certain I loved her and my pity manifested as a result of it. Now I am using drugs. I am using drugs, these dirty and lowly drugs, and I have no beautiful girl to speak to. It's a disaster that I take full responsibility for. Kierkegaard. I referenced him earlier. He split with his Regine Olsen, his love, because he understood that by staying with her he would eventually come to view their relations as terribly mundane and routine. Staying results in contempt and regret. Leaving results in regret and dissatisfaction as well. I'd rather leave and regret leaving than stay and regret having her in my life. I do not want to hate her, I do not want to grow tired of her and her beautiful memory. I want to love her. I will love her only like this; at a distance; in melancholy. My eternal depression will stem from love now - but not hate. I avoided the greatest tragedy yet still. And all this I wanted myself. I still love you so much, I know you are happier without me.