Hi, My Name is Shawn. I am currently 22 years old. I take Full Care(Live with her Full Time Now as well) of my Mother who is 57 years old and Disabled. She is Completly Bedridden! She is a Cancer Patient with Lupus, Paralyzed Diaphram, Extreme Inflammation throughout the Body, Arthritis, Had her Thyroid Removed from Thyroid Cancer, and Many Other Illnesses and Symptoms. She has not Left the House except for the Rare occasional Doctors Appointment in 10 Years. I Cook all her Meals, I Bathe Her, I do all Household Chores(Cleaning, Laundry, Etc.), I make sure she has and takes all her Medications, and Most Importantly I Try my Hardest to Provide Any and All Emotional Support! I am basically a Profession Care Takeer as this Point, I started when I was 12 years old. After High School, I made the choice to put my Life to the Side(College, Career, Social Life) to help Ease hers. I feel it is Only Right to take Personal Care for the Women who Birthed You, Raised You, Sacrificed for You, and the One and Only Person in this World who would Always be there for you, who would Die for you. She is a Beautiful Person Inside and Out, so Very Compassionate, Non-Judgemental, and Especially Loves all Animals(I have found that can tell a lot about somebody). But that being the case I do feel bad about the Quality in which I can take care of her. As she gets older and her Health gets Worse I cannot maintain a job(even part-time) with these responsibilities. We do not own a Home and i live on the bare minimum to make sure she has the most she can. I have had Only 1 Meal a Day for the last 3 years. I have Held Out on Seriously Seeking any Assistance from the Government but know as I come to the realization that she honestly only has a few years left on earth plus worsening symptoms I need help. With Piling Medical Bills from the last 10-15 years, Overdue Gas, Electric, and Rent Bills, food, even just household things like Dishsoap, Detergent, etc. I want to be able to make her Life as Comfortable as Possible. What adds a problem to my situation is I live in Utah, more specifically Cedar City which is a very small and secluded town. I love it here but it is hard to get help and very cold in the winter. I know she has had a former family member who has now past away a long time ago help her apply for Social Security Disability Two times now but she went to court both times and without Steady Income made the Mistake of not using a Lawyer which Resulted in being Denied 20 Years of Back Pay and also Denied Benefits. She has Been Proven by Multiple Doctor to be 100% Disabled. We had 5 Doctors Write up Documents Explaining that she was Clinicly Disabled since 1998 the year after I was born. I am Seeking Help with Information on Benefits from the Government. I have heard through the grapevine that she or I can apply to get Financial Assistance every Month to Pay for me being a Full-Time Caretaker, information on All Programs that You  Think my Situation will Qualify for, Programs that have helped people and been proven to be successful for Disabled People and their Families, and last of all Any and All Help/Information with getting her Approved for Social Security Benefits. At this point, Anything would Help. I Greatly Appreciate Anyone who takes the time to read this and decide to Aid and Assist me with this matter. Thank You so very much. -Shawn