I thought I would post this here in hopes it could cheer someone up. I’ve been in a relationship with my boyfriend for almost 2 years now. When we first started dating he told me he was partially blind, I’ve never dated anyone who had any sort of disability so in the beginning I didn’t really understand exactly what he meant until I met him in person. His mom drove him down to where I live (as we live about 70 miles apart), we went to to have lunch and watch a movie and that was when I really found out exactly how blind he was. I thought it was cute at first because he would take my hand when we walked and he dipped his fingers into some artichoke dip by accident. As time went on I started to worry myself on if I would ever be able to handle a relationship with someone who is disabled and my parents didn’t help either. I know in the end they didn’t want my life to much harder but I knew my feelings were strong enough to be able to get through anything. I would always talk to him about my worriment and assure me that he will do everything he can to help make our lives together easier. Now 2 years down the road, we’re both in college and I’ll be moving out soon so I’ll be a little farther but we’ve managed to be able to still spend a lot of time with each other and see each other at least once every 2 weeks. He takes the train down here and we use a computer program to watch shows together and play games. I’m the beginning it was hard for me to understand exactly what he could and couldn’t see, but as we have gotten closer I’ve been able to understand a lot more and become even more patient with him. Even though he’s partially blind I still love spending time with him. I know my future with him will be tough but as long as he’s around I know I’ll be fine. He used to tell me a lot how it was hard for him to be able to find someone who can handle his disability, especially with wanting to have kids. He has retinitis pigmentosa so it has a high chance to be passed on to his kids. But I know that we would be the perfect example of being able to find love even if you have a disability. Everyone is deserving of love and I’m glad I took this chance because it’s made me happy. I just wanted to share this little story to show that anyone can find love regardless of any sort of disability. And I don’t mean to brag in any way so I’m very sorry if it comes off rude or in any sort of bad way.