Somewhat recently, I made a purchase through Discogs for "High Violet" by The National, costing me $55, shipping included. Tracking number was sent and the delivery was for the 24th of this month. However, on the  23rd,  the package was scanned as "delivered to/in mailbox", and I  haven't  received it at all. I've gone to my local USPS center and  inquired  about it, and they've been rather helpful, saying it might have  been  "misthrown" (I don't know what that means, exactly) and saying  they'd  continue to look into it, but nothing new has really transpired  since. I  spoke to the USPS delivery woman as well who always sends us  our  packages, and she doesn't remember delivering a package on that day,   either. I even made a ticket online to see if that would help, and   though they followed up after a few days saying they'd look into it,   too, I haven't gotten another reply with further details. I wouldn't be   so nervous if A. the package hadn't been so expensive, and B. it  weren't  scanned as "delivered". I'm not upset with USPS, as I  understand just  how many shipments they must have daily, and mistakes  are bound to  happen form time to time, especially given the events  unfolding  currently. I also do not blame my delivery person, who's  always very  polite and I have good standing with. I'm only posting to  ask if there's  anything more I could do. I paid through PayPal and the  address is  mine, and the zipcode on the tracking is mine as well, so  I'd assume it  was the correct address. I also live in a safe  neighborhood and have  never had a package stolen, though there is  always the possibility, we  just all doubt it, that being myself and the  USPS associates I've spoken  with, considering she doesn't remember  dropping off a package at all.  Should I contact the seller on Discogs and inform them, or ask for a refund? Does USPS cover the  reimbursement, or would it be the seller who sent it out, even though  they did everything correctly? Should I just  wait a little more and see  if anything happens? Maybe someone has a  similar story and can tell me  how it all shook out. I'd love to hear any advice, and I hope you're all staying safe out there.