I (24F) want to divorce my husbdand(M27) of almost 4 years... we got married when I was 8 almost 9 months pregnant with our first son. Shortly after our boy was born, my SO changed... he quit his job and went back to school, which I supported since I was doing online school (he gets disability from the military.) but then when our boy was 6 months old he asked me to go back to work so he could stay going to school. I had to quit school and start working nights... which meant I wasn’t getting to sleep for more than a half hour here or there for days at a time... when I asked for help he accused me of forcing him to give up on his dreams and didn’t speak to me for a day. This has been a theme for most of our relationship. I was home to have our second child and he didn’t work so we went into debt, then once he did start working it would be for a few months at a time and would come home so upset hating the job every day. Like it was my fault, and everything was always bad. I was never good enough for him. I was so depressed and even suicidal many times. (I’m on medication now) Once our Youngest was one I went back to work and he quit school. And things were just never enough. I always felt like he wasn’t happy with me, but enjoyed having me there because I’d be the one who goes to work, who changes the diapers, does the laundry and things like that. Like I’m just a tool in his life to make it easier. I just got to a point where I just hate even looking at him. Because I’m still working, I’m staying with my friend closer to work. Once I told him all of this he started freaking out saying he thought I was happy and that things were good the way they are. And now he’s blowing my phone up with “I love you” and calling me beautiful and all these other things that I know are only because he doesn’t want me to leave... I don’t want to be around him at all, I’m definitely not in love with him anymore. But I can’t lose my boys... they’re all that kept me going when things got really dark. I don’t know what to do. I’m also worried about what he might do to himself if I leave... But I can’t stay in this situation anymore. I gave up everything about myself for him to just use me. I don’t know what to do or how to do it...  any advice would be so appreciated