I've been divorced for 4 months now, my ex initiated it due to not being happy anymore.   We avoided the use of lawyers to cut costs and were fairly amicable with splitting assets and arranging child support.  She moved out into a cheap apartment for now and I'm still in our house which we listed because we'd only been in it for less than 2 years. I considered refinancing and keeping it myself but it was going to be too tight financially and really didn't make sense to keep such a big house when I only have the kids about a third of the time.  I do make quite a bit more than my ex, but until I get this mortgage payment off my hands my disposable income is less than what she makes combined with the child support I pay her.  the only thing besides child support specifically spelled out in our divorce agreement is medical bills involving the children, I pay the insurance premiums and then we split anything out of pocket 50/50.  stupidly, we verbally agreed that any other big expense involving the kids we would split as we went. One of those expenses was a couple thousand dollars for a class trip for our oldest. of course there was a deadline to pay it, my ex said she didn't have the money so I paid it so my son didn't have to miss out (he had signed up for the trip before she told me she wanted to be divorced). This has continued to be the trend with other things. She never has any money. but I know how much I've been paying her in child support and I know roughly what her bills are in the apartment that she's in. Now for example this weekend I have the kids, and my ex who doesn't have any money ever to get stuff for the kids, has taken a trip with friends two states away.  I am struggling with wanting to not help her in any way shape or form other than what I am legally obligated to pay for child support, but at the same time I hate for my kids to go without something just because she's not willing to kick in.  she has admitted that she is trying to save as much of my child support payments right now so that she can have a bigger down payment on a house after we sell our house because she knows she won't qualify for much of a loan on her income.  Any suggestions for getting over the bitterness of her not having money when things are needed for the kids, but she continues to spend plenty of money on herself. We live in a small town and I hear all the time about how she is out at bars and traveling and treating herself shopping.  I know in the long run I will be off better financially than she will, but it just sucks knowing how hard I work, but I'm struggling making the full mortgage payment on our house which is more than half of my take-home pay at this time, while she doesn't even have to work right now due to the coronavirus and is living it up.