I'm not sure exactly where to start, but I'll try to sum up this whole mess of a situation the best I can for you. My husband and I are fairly newly separated after 11 years and have a 10 year old and a 4 month old together. I was the one who ended things, and he from the beginning has made it clear he doesn't want this, and wants to try and salvage things. I don't however. We have so far been just splitting time with our girls however is best for both of our schedules, and we are still in the early stages of talking about how we want split custody to go once we start legal processes, and all the details that comes with that. Today we sat down for the first time and really tried to get some things figured out. Halfway though this discussion he says to me ~ I need to tell you something, last Thursday I had a mild heart attack at work. The Drs said everything is fine no damage. He then asked I don't tell anyone, that not even his father knows. I had an absolute breakdown for hours, and felt I couldn't talk to anyone because he asked me not to. I finally couldn't take it and called my best friend and after venting to her and gathering my thoughts, things started to not add up. She agreed with me and I told my parents who did as well. The day he told me it happen he came to my house to see the girls after work. I wouldn't think a hospital would let someone leave without at least a one night observation. Even if it was just a mild heart attack. He also continued going to work after that. If it had happen at work like he says I know the company he works for would most likely put him off work for a few days at the least. Now. Let's say I'm wrong and it did happen, and he left the hospital the same day and work didn't put him off. If he had even a mild heart attack, should he have taken my children with him that night, and a few days and nights after to care for alone? The 10 year old maybe. But the baby JUST turned 4 months old. Someone please help me. I don't want to believe that he would make up a lie like this just to manipulate me, but at the same time I can believe it because this is part of why our relationship is ending. Manipulation, lying, gaslighting, etc. The other red flags that were going on when he first told me, I was crying breaking down and asked if he had been talking to anyone like friends or family he says no the only person I want to talk to u can't (referring to me) and said he will not. I asked if he would go talk to a professional, he said the same thing as before. Now im trying to figure out how I could confirm for myself if this really happen. I can't just call the hospital and ask if hed be seen. I was thinking of trying our insurance company and seeing if there's a claim for that day, but he has my insurance card with all the numbers I would need for permission to that information. I dont know what else to do. If this was a flat out lie I NEED to confront him. He needs to know that its not okay to treat me that way and try to manipulate me and make me feel the way I did, and to hopefully understand that we are finished and if this is what I'm thinking it is it drove the nail in the coffin and took care of any doubts I did have.