I am still married. It will be 17 years May 3rd. I have 3 beautiful, smart, independent children ages 14, 16, and 17. I am a veteran that lives off of my disability and social security. I received these benefits 5 years into my marriage. Being extremely codependent, I relied on my husband to manage the finances and take care of us. 5 years ago, I found out he was cheating, not just cheating but spending my disability on craigslist whores and pain medication. We were deeply involved in several churches that ministered to addicts and broken families. This whole time I was undef the impression that we barely made enough to live on. Once a year I could buy the kids clothes, I'm thrifty, I never buy new but frequented Plato's closet, goodwill and the like. I would buy 3 growing kids 3 outfits a piece to last for the year. I was never allowed to take them to the doctor, because according to my husband I should be able to treat everyone naturally. Which also costs and extreme amount of money and guessing, based upon symptoms they were showing. 3 years ago, my son, now 16, got very sick, he was lethargic had frequent spells that left him immobilized. All of which my husband blamed on "inactivity" and "video games". He called him a wuss and a baby to his face for not being able to make it through a disc golf course, and blamed me for his inactivity. We fought every day because I wanted to take him to a doctor to have him checked out. Every time it was hell no. I was fortunate enough to be able to take them on a trip to California to see my family. A family friend listened to his symptoms and told me he needed a blood sugar test immediately. His bs was 536. We were admitted to an amazing hospital in California where we learned that he suffered from type 1 diabetes. After going through everything, I realized that he almost died 3 times in the last year. That was it. I was done. This man almost killed my son, HIS son. The one he ridiculed for losing strength and stamina mid-game. I had a lot of thinking to do. How long have I been a puppet. How long have I just done what I've been told. I was made to believe that because of my major depressive disorder that my feelings were unreliable and therefore, invalid. Fast forward 1 year. Asshole dad moved out, has a girlfriend half my age with 4 kids his younger childrens ages. He refuses to pay a dime for child support. We have been working with a mediator for a year and 2 months. He blames everything on me and to top it off wants a 50% say in how they are treated as far as healthcare. 16 years. 16 years I did whatever this man told me because I didnt trust or believe in myself. I am now suffering the consequences. My kids are suffering worse than I am. I am scared to death he is going to get the right to refuse health care for the kids. Ultimately 2 of them are on antidepressants, to which he responded with absolute rage and indignation because I didnt ask him first.  I want to move on with my life, but because he has not wanted to pay child support, he has done his best to delay any agreements. I cant afford a lawyer and with my va disability I make too much to get one pro bono. What should I do? I need this nightmare to end. Back child support would be nice since he earned 103k last year and only gave me $2200 for the whole year.