I’m 30 years old and just celebrated my third wedding anniversary a month ago. My marriage has been hard work since day one with very little reward. I’m very goal oriented and independent and my husband is very laid back and co-dependent. I worry a lot and know exactly what I want and he tends to not care about anything or have any plans. When I ask him does he want to have children, what his dreams are? He always just answers that he doesn’t know and he has to start “getting his life together”before he thinks about it. His family hates me (after Christmas they came over and his mother physically pushed me into a wall, they were screaming at me I was a bitch and told my husband to rethink this marriage or lose his whole family). It’s mainly because I don’t want to move next door to them and have his mom doing our laundry like her other two adult children. Last night I finally kicked him out. I took out a bottle of wine and some cheeses and was recording a 19 Crimes label(talking wine label) on my husbands phone with my own. As I was doing this a message on Instagram popped up from a girl. When I opened it it was a picture of her legs laying in bed that read “I found some sports.” I was crushed. I know some people think this isn’t a big deal but it’s more the straw that broke the camels back. He didn’t deny anything just said he has nothing to say...We have had issues in the past on his end with this kind of stuff he had an inappropriate relationship with a co-worker and even lied about taking a weekend business trip with her and other coworkers. He has had problems with secretly talking to single girls on social media. Basically, he is a very bad flirt and is known for it. I just feel like here we are again and I do not want to spend my whole life clawing at someone not to cheat on me. He claims it’s innocent conversation but it’s not because he never talks to me about anything. Every time something happens and begs and cries that’s he didn’t mean it and he’s so dumb and he would do anything for me...We go the whole day at work barely speaking and come home and ignore each other on our phones. I feel so sad because I I guess I should have known this was a mistake. We really do not have anything in common but I loved him for how innocently nice he seemed and I almost feel like I was blinded and didn’t see his true self...anyway I have so many things running through my head and I’m so terrified of the future. I feel embarrassed to have a failed marriage after three years and all I keep thinking about in my head is the girls at work talking about another girl we work with saying “you can obviously see why she’s divorced.” I’m not perfect and I know that but I truly have put my heart and soul into this marriage and have never looked for outside attention no matter how bad things were. I work full time as a manager and am in an accelerated online program for my masters degree. I pay 80% of our bills and do majority of the cooking and cleaning. Weekends I sit gone while he golfs which wouldn’t bother me but when I think about it I feel so used. Maybe it’s just my anger and resentment but I feel like all I’ve done is work and sacrifice so he can party and take it easy and this is where it got me. I’m terrified to be alone I feel like a rat in a cage right now. But at the same time I feel like I have almost been doing it alone this whole time and will be better off. I’m terrified of what is going to happen in the future and how everyone is going to perceive me. The signs were all there I am a total introvert and he is the opposite and in the beginning it was exciting as we were dating.  As life goes on everyday is just a battle of the polar opposites. I’m beating myself up because I just don’t understand what makes someone not enough and why do these things happen? I would have probably kept trying to make things work forever but I told him before we married I would work through anything with him except infidelity and I meant it. I changed so many things about myself to make him happy and thinking back he was never willing to do anything that brought ME joy. I know he loved me he or I think really did but I guess you can love someone and still always be searching for something else. I’m also sad because a lot of people are saying to me that he is such a good guy doesn’t beat me or do drugs and it’s just a mistake. Maybe I am overreacting but I feel like I can’t live with someone and sit next to someone at night who I feel like is so disloyal. It is destroying me to keep trying to change things and make things work even though everyone keeps saying I am not trying hard enough. We have no children just a dog and I know it’s stupid but it’s crushing me that he doesn’t understand what the hell is going on. I would appreciate honest and loyal opinions about how to try and get through this and even about how my perceptions might be wrong. I have made up my mind I’m not letting him back. The last year I have started taking medication to sleep and anxiety medication during the day and I’m not drugging myself anymore to tolerate my life. I feel so anxious and paralyzed at the same time. The biggest question I have is do you truly believe anyone is in a fully committed and happy marriage? It’s killing my soul to have every married friend I have telling me that marriage isn’t perfect I should settle because I got a really good deal compared to what’s out there..