So, here's my story. My soon to be ex was my college sweetheart. He and I dated for nearly 10 years before we got married. I really truly loved him unconditionally. I always knew he was a quiet man it never really bothered me. Before we were married my life was full I worked went to school and lived at home with my mom and sister. He and I went on dates and spent time together. I didn't really have any issues I had know him so long and loved him getting married seemed right I never would have thought things would have turned out like this. Living together I noticed my mental health slipping I was having a hard time getting out of bed. I never thought it was because of our relationship I just took steps to get healthy but something was always off. I could never reach him he didn't answer text messages or phone calls work was always his main priority. You know what? I loved him so I just tried to fill my life with hobbies and activities to make myself feel whole worked hard at being the best supportive wife I could. I had a cleaning schedule I always had food on the table I always greeted him when he got home asked him about his day but nothing I did seemed to get a response from him. No thank you how was your day I love you I appreciate you nothing. I have never felt so alone in all my life and I was living with the person who I cared more about in the entire world. I would try to bring issues up to him about how I was feeling to get no response then when I really felt like I needed to get my point across I would get emotional and raise my voice and that just caused him to shut down even more he would leave or lock himself in a room. I found myself apologizing all the time for being hurtful or not doing the right thing. I was always irrational or emotionally unstable says he. I just kept on trying, trying to be a good wife always trying to do better I had my cleaning schedule I started going to therapy I started some new hobbies. I was trying to be the perfect wife to him always loving caring and supportive. Then one day I just broke. I had given so much of myself to him and he remained a stone so I just completely checked out. During this time I accidentally met someone online who I had a connection with. I spoke with them and saw a look in their eyes which made me feel so strongly and good. To see a change in someone's face when they spoke to me that looked like interest and joy I just couldn't go back to my husband. I had an emotional affair. I know it was wrong and I'm very sorry. I feel terrible for hurting him I feel terrible for leaving him. I'm just so heartbroken I loved him so so very much I just never imagined things would turn out this way. I'm so very sorry and ashamed. I never wanted to hurt him like this. I wish things had never gotten to this point.