My wife and i were completely in love in the honeymoon stage. Id never felt the love and adventure since my first love. When i met her, i was a mess. Gettig out of a bad break up, bar hopping causing mayhem not looking for anything. Then i met her and we fell in love. Never had much responsibility in my life. Single for most of it, no kids. She had a 10 year old and had been divorced previously and has lived with other men before. I calmed down a little bit, and before we knew it we were married and had our first son. And thats when the stress came in, as soon as he was born, the owner of the house we were renting from sold the house, and then shortly after we moved i lost my job. I panicked with stress, started trying to start my own buisness trying to make us not worry about money which she did not support at all even tho i was giving it my all. I started getting depressed and started drinking heavily, i always kinda have drank heavily, but it was getting out of hand. I saw a message from her friend and she said that she was having dreams of cheating on me every night, and all her friend said was she needed new dick and thats why marriage is stupid. I got angry, went out and got drunk came home late, and out of spite i told her i was talking to someone else. Super immature i know. Long story short she tried grabbing my son to sleep down stairs on the couch and i told her no, so i didnt let her leave the room with him, she ended up calling the cops and i went to jail for domestic violence (no i didnt hit her im not a woman beater). If anything she has been the one who has been laying hands on me throughout our relationship. After getting out of jail i returned home humbled, but full of resentment that threw me into a dark depression, i just gave everything up. Fast forward 4 months, we went to a concert and she ended up getting upset with me and she split my lip open which i had to get stitches on my lip which i have a  noticeable scar for life. She lied about it to everyone and said she didnt do that. I ended up leaving her in san francisco and disappeared for 3 days. I was just tires of her always hitting me. I know im wrong, i should never leave my wife behind like that in any given situation. Even if she leaves me in a pool of blood. She started threatning to throw me in jail again and her last text to me was see you in court. Being scared going to jail for the second time in four months i didnt think it would be fair being her sending me to the ER. So i made a police report against her and she went to jail for domestic violene. Her mom got angry and told the landlord we had illegal tenants living in the house, so we got kicked out of there and the next day i lost my job. Yes my life fell apart. We didnt talk for a while, but she told me to go see whoever i want because our marriage was over, and i suggested divorce but she said she wasnt in her right mind to make that decision which is confusing. I told her if she was going to be sleeping around with other guys or start dating. She needs to tell me so we can just go through with the divorce. I found out through mutual friends that she has been sleeping around. She broke someones engagement with her brothers best friend and her brother hates them both because we only been seperated for 3 months with a 1 year old child. I guess what im asking is is her actions justifiable? I know i caused her a lot of pain throughout our marriage and im going to marriage counseling and im starting to see i did so much wrong. But does it excuse her to go behind my back and have a secret relationship? I have my son 50/50 and she still wants me to pay her child support, but i dont want to give her money if shes with another guy. She told me she didnt want to divorce because its still too soon. But she said she wants nothing to do with me? Very confusing.