Today my stbxw posted some cute food pictures on IG. I noticed on her profile that she had a couple hundred more followers than in March. I had suspicions of infidelity in March, and I did look at who was following her at that time so I had a clear point of reference to how many followers she had. I knew all of the guys except two. Now there are hundreds of guys with profiles that have no post but are following hundreds of people. I've known that she has signed up for dating apps but have not confronted her about it.  She tabs open to couple dating sites on our family computer; I guess not too concerned if the kids saw it.  I looked through some of the conversations, but not all of them. There was a lot; she has been active for longer than expected.  It seems evident that the new followers to the IG account are from the dating sites. Her IG has pictures of our kids, house, school, and years of personal info. I was crushed emotionally about the dating sites but accepted that we are splitting up, and it's her life to lead. Now I'm pissed about her opening our kids and personal information up to hundreds of guys who she doesn't know.  I confronted her and asked that she set her account to private, purge the people that she doesn't know,  and unlink her dating apps to social media that has our kids in it. I also encouraged her to start a new IG just for dating that doesn't show our kids or personal information. She very nicely replied that it is good advice to make sure of the people following her account but denied that she is using dating apps.  I have yet to tell her that she left her tabs open for the whole family to see, but even without that information, it's a whopper of a lie. I'm not too concerned about conflict with her, I can deal with that, but we are still living together with the two kids and don't want to turn the house into a war zone. How do I call her out on the lying without bombing the home situation? I'm furloughed right now, so I can't afford the house or to move out.  Even if I could, we are still on lockdown in my state for another month. We are probably about four months yet from sock day. Help Reddit!