I don’t know what to do with myself. My (28f) husband (32m) of 2yrs (5yrs together total) was diagnosed with bipolar disorder last year. A lot of our past relationship makes sense now. He would have highs which I attributed to his success at work and lows that I attributed to his lack of success at work. Turns out he’s just better at his job when manic. He would be on a high for a while and on top of the world, spending a lot of money, talking about all these big plans and how much he could afford, he would get risky and hyper sexual. He even attempted to initiate sex in a vary public place. I knew something was wrong and told him he needed to see a doctor. He finally did (after leaving 2 appointments before even seeing the doctor because he was depressive and panicked about how much the visits may cost) and was prescribed a medicine that took away the highs but left the lows. He lasted maybe 6 weeks on this medication before stopping it. Then he had a very bad episode. He spent weeks sobbing, he couldn’t function, he was forced to quilt a job. We ended up in the ER. I had to hide the gun. I was terrified he would hurt himself. All of this while I had started a new job and was already under a good amount of stress from that. He went a couple months not working while getting better which I supported him through. I went to every doctors appointment and he ended up on a medication that has helped him tremendously. He’s been working a new job for about a month now and acts like he now works too much to contribute anything to the relationship or the household as far as labor goes. The thing is, he never did before. I have always worked multiple jobs to try to get us to a good place financially and I have saved aggressively, paid off debt aggressively, and worked so hard to get to a place where I feel comfortable to start a family. I want children so badly. I’m now realizing after this episode though how much I carry us. I love him but even for the last month of his unemployment where he was feeling much better he did nothing around the house. I feel like he takes for granted everything I do. I feel like his mother and caretaker rather than his wife. The thought of having kids (which I desperately want) is somewhat terrifying now with these realizations. He does not believe in saving money like I do, he does not contribute around the house, he doesn’t show appreciation for how much I put in, and I am now scared at how unreliable he can be. What if I end up parenting him and the kids while carrying every other load and doing every bit of emotional labor? I am so unfulfilled and unhappy. And I feel so guilty because I know some of these feelings come from his illness. I’ve tried to talk to him. I had us do the love language test and he completely shot down my results and acted like I want him to buy me stuff and run my errands for me because I got my top result as acts of service and my gifts was my third result. Our languages were almost exact opposite. He then did one load of laundry (his own clothes) and one load of dishes and he said there I did it, I showed you I love you in your language. When I explained that these are shared responsibilities and not at all what I was trying to get across with the love language test, he got upset and just shut down. I feel like we are doomed and heading for divorce. I never wanted to feel like this but I can’t help it. Is there any hope for us? I’m sorry for the wall of text. I am just so frustrated and so exhausted and I really needed to vent. I have no one to talk to about this and when I try to talk to him he shuts down.