We have been married 2 and a half years and together for 5. A couple weeks ago she admitted to “flirting with other guys for our entire relationship” I already suspected this, as she was always reflecting that behavior onto me. She broke my connections with all friends and tried to destroy my relationship with my family as well. There were so many red flags that this is actually probably my fault for not standing up for myself. In the beginning of our relationship she would brag about guys that she fucked and would tell me in graphic detail about everything that happened (while smiling). Like every detail... and she would be like oh but I love you and only you now babe. I shrugged it off at first because I had been with significantly more sexual partners prior to our relationship, but I would never talk about it, nor would the thought even cross my mind. She kept doing it though.. Like a lot. So many instances. She even was texting one of the guys in front of me and her family, her own father even brought up that it was just trashy. I fooled myself into thinking I could help her, I thought I saw the real her deeply hidden within. She would bring up certain guys that she had classes with and when she was in school my gut just knew that she was   always trying to get attention from other guys. She denied it of course at the time. She had liked her past sexual partners photos on IG while we had been together for a while and every time I would end up turning the other cheek and trying to be optimistic. She always had some bullshit excuse. I have to say that there was a lot of pressure to stay with her because at the time she was underaged, so basically I was “trapped” but at the same time I was heavily emotionally invested and thought we were soulmates. I almost left her in December of 2018 and I should have. She was told me about some new guy at her work that looked like a douchebag/fuckboy. I was so trusting at this time that I didn’t think anything if it ( we had moved states and got an apartment together) not to mention i did all the cleaning and she did not intend to go to college or work at all. It took 6 months for her to get a job, while I was working full time. Anyways.. she started dressing up all sexy and began staying hella late at work. She invited this guy and his friend over to OUR PLACE on Christmas Eve. I said no I don’t want them over. She threw a fit and they ending up coming over. We were all smoking weed together, and I could see in here eyes the way she was looking at him that she was attracted. I caught him staring at her butt and she was just batting her fucking eyelashes at the dude. I would consider myself conventionally attractive, but this guy was for sure a bit more alpha than I was at the time. But also he was single and could act like that, I ending up being a doormat little bitch over the course of our relationship. After they left she was like “I told you they were really cool” I went off on her, I had bottled up so much and I was legitimately going to leave her. I found a Snapchat from him to her with his shirt off but she denied ever doing anything and they were just good friends. She then told her supervisor over text about how I was jealous of this guy and that it might be hard for her to continue to work there. Also I now know that she would talk shit about me to everyone at work. She worked for a pyramid scheme knocking door to door selling solar panels and actually ending up having to pay more money to taxes than she actually made there. All of her co-workers were college drop out coke heads. I had been providing absolutely everything for her, working every day for years consistently and doing most of the cleaning. Getting her to clean was near impossible. She got me to stay with her by saying she had Borderline Personality Disorder and that she would work on her flaws. I put it all in the back of my mind. Fast forward two years (which included more bullshit but not as bad as before) Just recently she made a statement in our conversation saying “oh yeah I was really honest with you in the beginning of relationship”  referencing everything she had embedded into my brain about how other guys with huge dicks fucked her ruthlessly. I am not exaggerating anything, I am probably under playing a lot of other situations but there are too many to count. I wasn’t having any of it anymore, I had realized how unhappy I was and how trapped I felt. I told her off and she took off my late mothers ring that I gave her in a proposal under the Eiffel Tower. Also I should mention that I took her to Paris to propose like a month after the while Christmas ordeal took place. And she complained on the plane, she complained once we arrived like “ what are we going to even eat here this was a terrible idea. (We are both vegan. Guess what? There was plenty of fucking vegan food and even a coupon of vegan restaurants. This all my fault, I should’ve fucking left her long ago, but I truly cared for her and loved her and wanted her to flourish. I always tried to help her in any way I could. She was a bitch to me 90% of the time in our daily life and she would constantly accuse me of hitting on other girls and cheating. I basically became a robot that was always waking eggshells hoping she wouldn’t be in a mood that day. So after I put the ring in a safe place, a new fight began. I was still wearing my wedding ring ( which is a ring that she admittedly wore when she was fucking a bunch of dudes before we got together; she had it re-sized for me). After two days of not talking she was apologizing for everything and crying and what not. Her actions have never properly lined up with her words. She told me that she was flirting with other guys all the time, but couldn’t name one event specifically when I asked. She also told me that she was attracted to that guy from work and that she invited them over after she had smoked weed privately with him and his friends and then invited them over and told them not to tell me they did. And this is just what she was admitted, she denied ever physically cheating on me (I don’t buy it) she said she wanted attention from other guys in person and over social media while we were together. She said that was the only thing she was hiding from me and I know knew everything. I had quit vaping nicotine together with her last year and during this stressful time I began to vape again secretly. She found out and decided to go off on me but at this point in my life I wasn’t having it. I let her know exactly how I felt and she proceeded to sleep on the couch for another week. I haven’t remembered any of my dreams for as long as I can remember. But two nights ago I had a nightmare that truly showed me everything I was ignoring about her. If she loved me like I loved her, none of that shit would have ever happened. Period. I sent her a text saying “I remember you started dressing all sexy and talking about some new guy that you “didn’t like” FUCK YOU. You will not drag me down any farther. And I’m the one who isn’t allowed to go to college or ANYWHERE where there might be a female present, you projected your own cheating onto me and I will never forgive you. You ruined my brain. You ruined my life. You are fake, and you will never wear my mothers ring again. I am embarrassed for bringing you to Paris. ESPECIALLY THEN. And all of the shit before that? I can’t even count. These are things I shouldn’t have been moving to the back of my head and trying to be optimistic. You have pushed me past my limit, I don’t care how hard it is but I am forever done being in a relationship with you. Last night I had a nightmare, but it was accurate. It showed me  everything about you that I’ve been ignoring. After all who in their right mind would want to be with someone who is constantly looking for someone else? And rubbing it in the others face? It’s more than disrespectful after everything I have been through with you. You tortured me in the beginning, the middle, and the end. I don’t know how I am going to cope with this but being alone is better than pretending that you are a truly loving and faithful partner. You are afraid of me abandoning you so you play actress to get me to stay every time, but the fact is, YOU abandoned me long ago. Your actions speak far louder than your words.” She then bought a flight back home to her family which I helped her restore a relationship with. She claimed I was checking out other girls on her birthday when we went on a hot air balloon ( btw we had a super sketchy  crash landing in which I fucked up my left side of my rib cage) and also same thing on her birthday when we went bungee jumping. She seems to be having the time of her life, we had never gone a day without speaking for 5 years and now we are thousands of miles away and not talking at all. And you know what I would be surprised if she was cheating on me there too as we speak. She said that if I had done what she did to me to her, she would have left me. I’m here with our dog and cat alone and my heart ducking hurts. BAD. I feel lost. And now Covid-19 too and I work in the medical field in a super rewarding but high stress job doing specialty infusions for pediatrics with special needs. I feel anxious and betrayed. But I still really do have love for her. She was blaming all of this behavior on her childhood growing up. ( she did have a hard upbringing, but so did I). I came home yesterday to a note on the table and most of her stuff gone. The note had a part that said “I am leaving because I can’t continue to be treated like this” which was laughable to me at the time considering everything I had gone through and always stayed. She couldn’t handle me telling her how I REALLY FEEL. She labeled it as verbal abuse. Anyways she seems to be doing just fine with her family members, and I am just here alone with a broken heart. I feel like absolute shit. Hard to eat hard to sleep. And faking my happiness at work is exhausting. I don’t want to tell my family or any one for that matter because I am embarrassed. They all think she’s Mrs. Perfect. I  I need advice on all of this from an outside perspective, I need help. I need to feel normal again. Thank you for taking the time to read this, I know it’s long af but I just can’t sleep and can’t put my mind and stomach at ease. What should I do?