I am not sure what to do. My husband of 3 years (one child one years old) has done drugs on and off for the entire time we have been together (5.5 years). I have caught him a few times and he has sworn he would get sober every single time. The most recent time I caught him, I was looking through our phone records online, and I saw he was communicating with his drug dealer. He finally admitted to me he was using OxyContin again. This was right before Christmas. We had a long, honest conversation about it. He told me I could have access to his location, phone records, text messages etc to confirm he wasn’t using drugs anymore. Flash forward to last week, we get in a huge blowout fight and he tells me he has been miserable for the last month because “I’m so mean” after finding out he was using again. He tells me he dreads coming home because he doesn’t know if “I’ll be in a bad mood” and make him miserable. These nights are the nights where I question his sobriety to make sure he is on the right track. It’s as if he expects me to completely trust me even though he has lied to me about it time and time again. He also refuses to get any professional help as he works too hard. He does really work hard, but I am sure he could find the time for something. Now let’s talk about the fight... he freaks out on me and essentially says he is going to cut me off financially to “protect himself financially” in case I decide to divorce him. I am a stay at home mom, who uses the funds from my part time job to pay our cell phone bills, cable and groceries. He consistently acts like he gives me all his money, when he really gives me payment towards the credit card he racked up. Tonight, I saw a text to his drug dealer on his call records. I sent a screenshot of it to him, and he totally freaked out. He is over me not trusting him etc. I did at some point see thAt somehow the txt showed up in his dealers name, but it was not his phone number. No idea how that happened, but it was just our friend. He is freaking out on me, telling me he can’t deal with this. He doesn’t deserve this. If I want him to act like an asshole, he can go out and act like one etc. I honestly am at a loss. I feel like his past drug abuse and lying should be held accountable. I don’t want to be this person making sure he stays sober, but for our families sake I do so anyways. He expects me to completely believe everything he says and just let it go and be happy go lucky. It is soooo frustrating and I honestly feel he is questioning leaving me to get a fresh start. I am really concerned because I don’t have anywhere to go if he wants to divorce. All of my family is 3 hours away, and I would have to live with them a while to get on my feet. He has said several times he will not let me take my daughter out of state. If our marriage falls apart, he will have family and friends close by and I will need the same. I am the primary caregiver for our daughter and she is very attached to me and would suffer. I would suffer too. I don’t want to get divorced at all, I am just not sure where we can possibly go from here and not to mention I am pretty sure he is considering a separation. He will also not go to counseling as he does not believe he needs it, but tells me I should go. I am so pissed and just defeated at this point.