I don't know if I'm posting this to self-soothe or to ask for guidance.  My wife and I have always had an up and down relationship, we have been married for almost 10 years.  We have been living apart for about 8 months now but trying to work on things here and there.  I'm not looking for pity, but I come from a fairly complicated family, where perfection and money was more important than anything else as it meant security.  I carried this into my marriage and expected this from my wife.  I really did some horrible things in our marriage as far as my behavior.  I never cheated, never thought about it, and would cut off my balls before I thought about it.  I've fought depression for a long time and addiction.  I got passed the addiction but could never kick the depression, even though I thought I did, the regret of the past has kept the depression going.  Up until Monday, where I truly didn't care if I lived or died, the regret was that bad.  Then it was Monday night, she told me she wanted a divorce, I couldn't blame her, and just want her to be happy.  After she left, I really started to think about things differently, I always made excuses, this time there are none.  I am facing the reality that I lost the most beautiful and compassionate woman that I have ever laid my eyes.  She truly is, no other woman holds a candle to her in my eyes.  I don't know if it is natural, but I really needed to hit this rock bottom point to truly evaluate my life, and am thankful that this happened snap me out of regretting the past.  It has finally allowed me to sort out what is important and how impacted our lives together by my behaviors.  Finding rock bottom has given me new found enthusiasm to go down swinging for the fences.  I have nothing left to lose.  I'm going to be the best damn husband I can, seek treatment for my depression, and enjoy life.  I'm done punishing myself for the past.  If at the end she wants to leave me, then I will live with that, there is nothing I can do.  Until she signs the final papers I am going to be her husband, and if she does sign, I will never let her down again.  Thank you for letting me vent.