Throwaway account cuz I’m pretty sure my ex frequents this page. I’m not sure why I’m posting, maybe just to see if there’s anyone out there who can relate on whatever level or maybe just as a journal idk. I, 30f, and my STBXH, 30m, have been separated for about 6-7 months now and our divorce will be final in just a few more months. We were together for 9 years total, married for 3. I was unhappy for a long time, he was too but I guess not as much as me. We tried making changes and working on our issues for years, but nothing ever worked or stuck. Tbh, we probably should’ve never gotten married. I knew for awhile I wanted a divorce or at least that it was inevitable at some point, but I lacked the confidence in myself to be on my own financially or emotionally. He never found out, but about 2-3 weeks before I told him I wanted a divorce, I cheated and that’s what gave me the confidence and the push to finally end it. I ended it not because I felt guilty, but because I knew then that there was more and better out there for me. I didn’t leave him for the other guy (I was well aware what we did was purely physical and no relationship would come of it), but I knew when I was on my way home that night that I didn’t want to go home to him any more. I was with the other guy for hours that evening not having to think of my husband or our problems and then just so much dread flooded into me. I knew that I didn’t have it in me any more to keep trying. It was like beating a dead horse. I know cheaters get a bad rap and they’re scum and all that, but tbh in this case, it’s probably the best thing I did for myself and I don’t regret it at all. It was what I needed in order to finally let myself be happy. And I have to say I am happy now. Yes, life has been difficult now financially and i have certainly had my ups and downs, but I am still genuinely happy. A big issue in our relationship/marriage was that we were both codependent and didn’t have many friends any more. I have friends now! That sounds so silly to say, but I seriously cannot imagine my life without these people now. I guess I lost something in order to gain something so much better. Anyway, sorry if that was long. I don’t journal much, maybe i should, but I just felt like writing out my story and my feelings tonight.