Hey everyone, I’m really just on here cause I’m looking for support and to rant/ talk about the whole divorce situation with other people going through the same. I have a lot of family and support but it’s different talking to them and talking to someone I’m a similar situation. So here it is. My wife’s female cousin moved in with us about a year ago. Her own mother didn’t want her there cause she was a huge strain on her reality her bf and at the time I thought her mom was just a big B. She would tel us she was lazy, would do drugs, wouldn’t take care of her twins, wouldn’t help clean, coook or really do anything. So she moves in with us and instantly the mothers relationship got way better. She’s been with us for a year and my mother in law lives next door so she was supposed to be staying with my mother in law but was always at my house day and night. It caused a huge strain on my marriage not just emotionally but also financially we had to feed her and her son everyday, take her places and do a lot for her. She is lazy doesn’t do anything brings men over and doesn’t take care of her son that she kept. I asked my wife multiple times to ask her to go stay at my mother in laws but my wife would break out into a huge fight saying I’m trying to kick her out. Her son is horrible has no manners breaks stuff hits my kids and her cousin does nothing about it. Me and my wife eventually stopped doing anything together cause she was always with her cousin day and night. She started day drinking cause the quarantine everyday and would get mad when I would tel her at least wait till night time when the kids are in bed. It finally came to a head one morning and we split up I place a lot of the blame on the cousin and my wife I know it sounds like placing the blame on everyone but myself but I was always stressed cause of work and then to come home to her cousin laying around with her son yelling and screaming for hours. I’m not sure if I was wrong for telling her to ask her cousin to go next door. Anyways she asked for a divorce cause we had been fighting a lot. She said maybe we need time apart and we can work on ourselves. The next day her cousin was going through her phone and saw me telling my wife her entire family told me she’s bad for our marriage. So now the family knows I told my wife and of course are all denying it. I feel like that’s the end of the road for trying. I’m thinking I should take the L and start the stages of trying to get on with my life. Btw we have 2 kids together I have 2 kids from previous relationships and she has 1 from previous relationships for 5 over all and weve been married 8 years.