So i bought a used Denon and ive run into some issues. When connectet speakers to front channels everything seemed fine for a moment. Good sound and high obtainable volume but after some time i started hearing some audio glitches, cracks buzzs etc especially on high volume. Another few minute the whole R Channel, both A and B options output almost no sound. There is some signal but very quiet with those cracks and everything still happening altough there are moments when the volume jumps a lil up. Whats more i ve discovered that when i crank up the volume then on a certain level the Channel starts playing again somewhat clear, decent sound for few minutes or something. Tuning off and back on  the receiver sometimes helped, especially resetting the processor.  Tried all inputs and speakers configuration options to check if the problem is still considered and the output on the speaker was almost every time the same. Of course i tried swapping speakers and still nothing on the FR however running tone test resulted in loud, even response of all speaker outputs. Decided to use FL and Center after I could t fix this issue. With center i also had same issues but only with main, A outs while the other B pair worked fine in opposition to FR chanel with both A and B outs being silent. Hours of playing music in and my front left speaker started having same issues as the FR channel, mostly those audio glitches with higher volume. Descrebing it closer its starting with some seemingly harmless, little buzzes, Tiny crackles or fuzzes. After a while the speaker volume and sound quality drops noticeably and starts jumping within a wide spectrum of loudness with more or less fuzz and crackles. Obvious rection is lowering volume but then eventually the whole sound is gone but as said, when crankin the vol back up, then at very high levels the speaker jumps back in playing loud AF and even maintains proper audio quality for a moment or two after the volume is lowered to a considerably  human friendly level. Im not an expert in avrs but i think there can be a power leakage somewhere in the system however after all this time checking everything i ve ran into same sound issues, more or less noticeable, on almost every speaker output on this receiver with my Center B output still working prfectly fine. So I guess it can be everything. While I managed already to open this metal box up and check the fuses it was but a quick examination. With time I definately need to take a closer look at the innards of this machine. Considering all these issues and that Im not an expert I have a few questions. First of all i want to ask those of you who knows the topic or even had this or similar model of an avr what are the most common issues that could result in such problems as mentioned. If anyone had this kind audio glitches problem i would like to know how they managed to fix it. Also what are the most common hardware damage occuring in this avr or similar models and how to fix them? By now what did i miss to do while troubleshooting? What should I be aware of and where should i be searching for broken components while takiing a good look at the inside of this particular avr? And is it even worth the time and money to fix this avr? If you have suggestions on whats wrong please share your thoughts with me id be grateful. Cheers!