I want to ask something about what is called simulation. I have heard many interpretations of this word. Some examples are that the brain interprets its own reality and cannot know outside it, the belief that if there are other worlds apart from this, material or not, they call it that because this is not all there is. Others call simulation the belief that this world has been created instead of the product of chance, others call it computer simulation, others call it that because they believe that it is their soul that experiences a physical body, and others decide that God simulates everything. Which is basically the same as creation and the act of creating. Or that there is a design for everything, like nature which has laws. Others may call that way the multitude of mental states that exist and that all are valid. Like wakefulness, sleep, lucid dreaming, the astral world, all kinds of deep meditation, different states with other hallucinogens, unconscious states of mind, nothing, experiences of physical death, mental illness, other types of visions of sleep deprivation , undiscovered or different mental states... If one always had terrifying experiences, surely there would be no interpretation to defend. Isn't this another form of faith? Or of hedonism? I think there are things that are unknown and that are above the category of truth or falsehood, experience or inexperience. Neither one nor the other. I believe that God or divinity is above any category, whatever it is, it is even above itself and always surpasses itself. Is above interpretations and therefore it can't be explained. Most people choose that it is a complex hallucination, that it is another dimension, or that it does not make any sense. The most religious explain it in religious terms, others in science fiction terms, and others explain it in terms of Western philosophy. For example, there are also those who say that they are demons trying to tempt you. Others say they see how the brain works inside. So are all these opinions speculations to explain something that cannot be explained? That is, those who are satisfied that it is a hallucination will say that it is a hallucination, those who are not satisfied with it will say that it is another dimension, those who are satisfied that they are demons will affirm that opinion, those who are satisfied with the simulation, will say that it is a simulation, and those who agree that they are aliens will say that they are aliens. How is it that religious concepts mix with science fiction? Isn't it an experience considered spiritual? Although surely, atheists and those with science as their base will use science fiction concepts. So my question is, can all these interpretations like the simulation view be the product of a subjective interpretation of something inexplicable? But this concept of simulation has been interpreted in many ways as I have indicated above, so what does this concept mean? It is the same concept as the act of creating and the creation? Is it an opinion with which different people feel comfortable? For example like those who say it is a hallucination or go to another dimension will be satisfied with that opinion.