From the title you can already assume what happened, but this trip was not bad by any means. I’ve recently made myself the machine to use and it’s so much easier than my older method and because of that I have been abusing DMT. I didn’t realize this before the trip, but this trip taught me that. Basically, I was being arrogant af and disrespectful to the substance and decided “huh, I wanna trip balls, let’s load up some product and see some pretty colors,” so I loaded up the machine and took my first hit. One hit in and I was feeling pretty off, not bad, but off. Second hit in I reallly started to trip and everything was getting wonky just like usual but things didn’t get bad until my third hit, of which almost blasted me off but I didn’t, most likely because of my current headspace. Anyways, I took the third hit, laid down and immediately was greeted by very aggressive beings. They continually got super up in my face while others were pointing and laughing at me. Occasionally some would float by me with fingers over their mouths going “shh.” At this moment I really started to get scared, especially because I heard the stereotypical “blastoff sounds” and saw the tunnel start to form so I sat up and opened my eyes. My heart was pounding. At first I was thinking “what did I get myself into” and “this wasn’t a good idea” etc etc. but then I took a different approach. I realized that there were reasons as to why I was having this “bad” trip, and the first reason I discovered, or rather was being shown by these beings, was because I was disrespecting the substance. Upon coming to that realization I laid back down and closed my eyes to face my demons, but to my surprise, the beings were no longer aggressive. They were all very peaceful and calm because they knew that I had realized what they were trying to teach me, and they actually began to show me things such as orbs and other beautiful objects. I eventually came down and went outside to think about what just happened and good lord, I felt amazing even tho I’d just had the scariest trip of my life. I felt complete and actually learned a lot about myself from this experience, in fact I feel extremely excited for my next trip, of which I will prepare for correctly when the time comes. I’m telling you guys this to tell you that bad trips are nonexistent. There are CHALLENGING trips that are often scary, but they happen for a REASON and discovering WHY they happened to you will result in lots of personal growth. Don’t let past or future challenging trips stop you from tripping, or scare you from being introspective, embrace them for what they are; they are teachers.