I was so enamored with the prior night of DMT use and having sex while on it, I wanted to do it again.  Bedtime arrived and my partner went to the bathroom to do bedtime stuff.  I thought I'd take a hit off the bong and surprise him.  What I should have done is tell him that I was going to do this.  I took a nice hit off the bong and it kept burning.  Not being one to ever waste a good drug, I kept inhaling, hoping it would burn itself out.  I remember not being able to take in one more molecule into my lungs.  I was absolutely maxed in lung capacity.  I remember the buzzing in my ears, the full frontal wall of beautiful mosaics and fractals.  Of deeper beings (entities?).  So much was such beauty and peace and sheer bliss.  I know I tried to touch it, tried to communicate my love for it and them.  I was in the most beautiful moments of my life.  And then from far off, I heard "What the fuck?  Do you know you broke this?  There's bong water all over the floor."  I heard it but it meant nothing.  I went back to "my space".  Apparently my spouse was cleaning up the broken glass of the bong I dropped and sopping up all the water.  ( Seriously, when they say to have another person present, it's real.  It hit me so fast, I didn't have time to put the bong on the table.)  Apparently after he cleaned up after me, he became very concerned because I was moaning and in a fetal position.  I was in utter contentment, probably trying to speak to the entities.  I remember telling them I wanted to stay.  Keep me here.  "Please, let me stay".  He basically freaked out, shaking me, shouting my name, trying to bring me around.  Well, anyone who has been in this state knows, you can't just snap out of it.  It has to decide when to release you.  I remember him shouting, angry, "This is bullshit.  I'm done with this.  If you do this again, I'm out of here."  And then shaking me again and again, shouting my name.  I finally opened my eyes enough to see his face as if through a colorful filter.  He yelled at me for smoking it, for shattering the bong, for being so high, "you're upsetting the dog", you know the drill......totally ruined my beautiful experience.  And his, of course because my intent was to get buzzed enough for another bout of great sex.  Well, needless to say, sex did not happen.  I snuggled up to the dog in stead.  So the moral of this story is, tell your partner.  Make them part of it.  I did it before he came to bed and he walked in on the peak time of it.  Freaked him out in a major way.  When I was coherent enough to realize how panic stricken he was, I remember thinking "he's called the medical aid truck."  So my effort at great, DMT sex resulted in a total disaster by not telling him ahead of time that I was going to take a hit.