Long story short I found some dmt in my closet that has to be 3-4 years old.. (time before that I cleaned my closet it was 9 hits of acid.. different story) I stumble across this jar that had about .7 in it. Looked pretty good given its age. Still had the classic smell, too. Now, it’s tripped dmt over 20+ times and always had the same trip to a degree like clockwork. Same entity comes to me. Brings me to.. places? And each time it seemed to give me more knowledge to ingest. I had never fully broken through despite multiple attempts. At this point I was debating the insane idea of changing my route of administration to IV. Before I decided to smoke smoke and see its potency. I don’t even think I got a third hit in and I felt the urge to lay down. I close my eyes and feel my soul build up in my head until it finally bursts. I was brought to a familiar looking hallway but this time one of the doors opened. I felt like a met the epicenter of all consciousness. There were numbers and multiple different languages pouring out of this thing. I awed/fear/respected this thing that enveloped me until I surrendered to it then I met the fourth dimensional version of myself. I was frightened by how fast everything was flashed before my eyes and how powerful this being/entity was. It shown me right before my eyes everything I was looking to find and then some. I panicked and wanted to transition back into my body. I remember my soul slipping slowly back into my body. Enough to at least use my voice. I yell for my boyfriend to come here. He doesn’t hear so I have to find the energy to yell louder. I hear him mumble something and start walking to our bed room. I keep repeating “oh my god”, and “it’s so beautiful” my boyfriend said when he entered the room. By now I can open my eyes again but still can’t move. I start babbling like a maniac about seeing the center of consciousness and knowledge. Also ranting about the fourth dimension. I’m still not fully back, so I said “ground me. Touch me, rub me, do something to ground me and get me to fully come back”. As soon as I was in full control back I started sobbing uncontrollably. From the sheer beauty, knowledge, and love. I don’t know why it has chosen then for me to fully break through but I am forever grateful.