My D&D group is running a home brew campaign, and my character, CE (was formerly LE, but more on that later),is trying to seize power in the central polis. The two major rivers flow through it and it is geographically in the middle of the continent. It also happens to be a hotbed for criminal organizations and smuggling with a government that is powerless to stop it. My character sees an opening to work on taking power for himself, so he uses his magic which I selected to be centered around deception and political intrigue. After disguising himself as the city librarian, my character charms the patrician into signing laws that although powerless would cause an uproar in the criminal underground because evidently somebody is trying to rip power away from them. My character then suggests that the patrician go to bed and then kills him to create a power vacuum. I did this to create chaos in the city and start a civil war in the city with the criminal underground (this is why I got an alignment change). But my hopes are to get the people who suffer at the hands of the criminal organizations to realize what is going on and see that they have been screwed over by these gangs. The city relies almost completely on smuggling and trade from criminals. I have sent a party of anarchists that we met while out somewhere else to the city in order to tell the people how awful these criminals are to them and to shake up the public with public executions and attacks. I want the people to get caught in the crossfire. I was thinking that in the midst of the chaos, my character would swoop in making promises of a better city by upping the police force and other democratic things in order to seize control and inevitably turn the place into a dictatorship. How do you think I should continue going about this? I am only a far as sending the anarchists to the city to make a splash, so any thought about how I should carry on would be much obliged. I have read Greene’s the 48 laws of power and the 33 rules of war, but I thought I would ask the D&D community what they thought. What other actions should I take to get a stronger grip on the city? Nobody there knows that I am pulling any strings and my character wears a mask that hides his identity, so I have stayed behind the scenes watching as the condition of the city deteriorates. How long should I wait until I jump in promising to fix things? There are three major gangs and I hope to squeeze each of them out eventually in order to have sole control of the place. Sorry for rambling, I just wrote things as they came into my head.