So in my school we have a dnd club and we all take turns rotating the dms for who wants to, we run short campaigns mostly Homebrew stuff and every month we have a single Homebrew ability to give to a class between me and two other people because the rest are just trying out dnd for the first time and don't really have a grasp on the whole thing. I was absent the one time we picked and when I got back the rule was "As a monk you can expend all of your ki points to role that many d20s and deal radiant damage to them. After you use this ability immediately roll death saving throws with disadvantage." This counted as a spell and the monk who chose to do this had one spell slot to only use that. Now I really didn't mind seeing as there was a high chance of permadeath and it was like a one time occurrence, again not my choice of rules. Now one of the dms played monk and decided to take the lucky feat which let him redo a saving throw and the other just played a regular character. I knew what he was trying to do and I let him do it to avoid unwanted conflict. I decided to use the spell against him. I took monk the next campaign in which he dmed and I pumped stats into charisma. Nobody knew why but I had a plan. I was gonna take warlock as a multi class and take pact of the undying I took a level at 6th and also took the lucky feat just for extra protection. Now since it was a spell and I was also a warlock the spell slot recharged in short rests. I was pretty much a one hit kill to most things and he decided that it would be a good idea to give the monk an item to double ki points that cost over 2,000 gold. Boy did I save up. When I rolled my d20s and started making my saving throws I basically just got back up shrugged it off and took a lot of healing spells for myself. Now this guy was a pretty corrupt dm and threw a lot of high level stuff against a low level party. Guess he's into that kinky pain shit who knows. So I think the justice was well deserved. To recap I was a monk/warlock who had a one hit kill ability, with nearly no consequences, and the ability to heal myself. One day he just didn't show back up after the party beat his bbeg with a level 20 monk/warlock that really really enjoyed screwing with a dm who didn't help his players. In total I abolished the rule on Homebrew after being the obvious alpha 😜, and actually taught the new players how to make a good character, and how to properly play and have fun with the game.