Be me a tabaxi lore bard (with absolutely no spell slots at this point) and a party consisting of a kenku glamor bard, a water genasi beast master ranger, a warforged battlemaster fighter and a kobold champion fighter. See two people open a chest in a room in front of us, only for one to be attacked by a mimic. Ranger rushes in along with the Kenku with me following in the back with the kobold and warforged staying at the door. Door disappears behind us, everyone inside the room seems to be stuck and unable to move as acid starts dripping from the ceiling and the people that were being attacked by the mimic start attacking the ranger. Turns out the room was a mimic that we willingly walk straight into the mouth of. The warforged and kobold start attacking getting good damage, while the ranger takes out one of the fake people, what do I decide to do? Taunt it with vicious mockery because that's all I could really do, "look I already am called a furry way too much and now you are integrating me into your vore fetish without my consent that's low." To which the kenku follows up with a gruff New York accented vicious mockery "you weren't worth the time your mother put in to making you." The elder mimic failed both checks and took full damage. This lead too a sequence of the others attacking and dealing serious damage while the mimic focused all its attacks on me and my little bird buddy. "Wow you really need a colon cleanse if your insides are this dirty, it is absolutely nasty in here." Was what I said next, to which acid fell from the ceiling and missed me "wow you can't even digest right you must be so proud of yourself for failing at simple biological processes." While my bird bud cast phantasmal force making himself look like a Phoenix to the mimic and "t-posed to assert fiery dominance" causing even more psychic damage. Eventually the thing tried seriously to vomit us up because it was done with us but we killed it before it had the chance. I am so happy I get to say that I legitimately hurt a rooms feelings.