Mine was when my party went to see the Jarl of Gundam, who's palace also served as a brothle. The NPC in question was a 15 year old half elf girl who ran into one of my player's room. She was one of the prostitutes who was forced into prostitution by her mother, who was also a prostitute. I made the mother prostitute go to the chaotic evil player's room because I knew he'd kill her which is what I wanted. He threw her through the wall into the other player's room. The girl's name was Eyowyn and after her mother died, she realised she was free and went with the party. One time when the party was struggling with some robots in a dungeon, she burst into flames and killed the two remaining robots with magic out of nowhere. The party decided to go back to the palace brothel to ask the court mage, who was in charge of the prostitutes, to ask if he knew anything. It turns out that Eyowyn's father was my BBEG, kassai the half elf phoenix sorcerer and Jarl of Mageide(He also had a great backstory which I'll happily share), and the bursting into flames was her awakening her dormant powers. She continued her adventures with the party, learning from the party spell caster, until she started having pains. They went back to the Court Mage of the palace brothel, and he revealed she was pregnant and going into labor, by lifting an illusion he'd been holding for 9 months to hide the fact. He also revealed that 9 months ago, Kassai returned to the palace brothel and did the hokey pokey with Eyowyn, not knowing she was his daughter. It was clear she wouldn't survive the child birth so she lay on her bed and had individual moments with the party members to say goodbye. She then gave birth, and died in front of them. This, paired with the emotional song I also had playing, had me and the party in tears which was my proudest moment as a DM. The party was greatly impacted and dedicated the campaign on getting revenge on Kassai which also managed to rerail the campaign which they derailed. That was my proudest achievement and how I made one of the best villains in all our D&D campaigns. (The group consisted of 6 people including me and we all DMed a custom campaign with 2 running a second)