So my friends and I play DnD every Saturday over discord and roll20. We’ve been playing, I wanna say, a year and a half at this point. Now I love my friends, but I’m at my wits end. Me and the DM are the only ones who’ve played before. Cool, no problem. The problem lies in that it’s basically a solo show with me as the front runner. There are 4 players including me. Our elf is the best player aside from me, but he suffers from not paying attention at times and not playing a character at all. But he’s the most dedicated and even wants to run his own campaign. His issues aren’t too bad. Our bard started off terribly. He wanted to play a druggie and would get mad at us for chastising him whenever it negatively affected the group because he thought we were essentially telling him how to play. For example, during a fight, he ignored the dude we were fighting to go do drugs. After the fight I knocked him out, as my character would. But it’s our fault because he wants to do drugs. He also doesn’t pay attention A LOT. And is one of those people who would probably play an RPG and do ever stupid thing he could think of because it’s funny. Granted, he got A LOT better as we progressed. And we applauded his growth. Then in our second to last session, he got bit by a werewolf and willingly succumbed to it because he thought it’d be cool. Only reason he’s still alive is cause our DM is stupid gracious. And of course it’s our fault for telling him to heal himself (we were under the impression that he could at the time. We since learned we were wrong, but that’s what he thought). He refused because he didn’t like being told to do it and claimed he would have eventually. But the reason I’m writing this post is because of our Tiefling Druid. He is the worst conversationalist I’ve ever seen. He asks dumb questions both in and out of game and has some kind of twisted logic that I can’t follow. We were in a desert once and came across a sentient skeleton. He was afraid of us so he asked us to leave. Fine, he doesn’t know us. Druid decides to forcefully drag us until he helps and the skeleton cuts off his own leg to escape. Earlier, he was surprised when he cashed produce flame in a dry forest and killed everything inside. Of course, trying to convince him that he screwed up is damn near impossible as he just makes jokes and excuses for himself. Quick note, my character is lawful evil yet it seems I have the best sense and ,debatably, morals of the group. But the straw that broke the camels back was tonight. We essentially killed one of the gods (accidentally but still) and ran away. It was great. We go to a new town and he goes to a bird person and gives them A NOTE CONTAINING HIS NAME AND OUR LOCATION and asks them to go to the town we just left. His reason? Because he ordered some armor and was upset that he couldn’t get it. That put me in a legit bad mood and I left as soon as the game was over (which ended abruptly because of course my DM didn’t plan this. Why would he?) perhaps the worst part is that my dm told me this is his least favorite group because it seems like only I care and his writing is going to waste, but he sticks to it because he doesn’t want it to go unfinished. I applaud him for it, truly, but I don’t think I can keep going. Something that he’s said he would totally understand.