When I was still in secondary school, I was part of the Dungeons and Dragons club and ran a group which had already previously had a horror story happen but those involved with that story had left the group and one of their replacements was another student about our age. The thing with this student was that he was unhealthily obsessed with anime, to the point he scared a teaching assistant away from the school as he kept referring to him as sensei and even asking him about NSFW material. We were running Death House as I felt as we had new players I'd be nicer if they were higher level to take on Curse of Strahd and this one player had caused so many problems. His first one was 1 to 1 emulating the protagonist of sword art online, same height, weight everything. He also would constantly split himself off from the party, refused the cleric's healing when he was injured but complain every time he was knocked down and even pushing another player into a spike trap. Once we had reached the end of the dungeon, those who are familiar with Death House will know there is a mysterious mound of plants and such at the end of the room. The druid rolled really high on a nature check and was able to identify that it was, in fact, a shambling mound. I let him roll a history check on account of his outlander background so he if he knew it was a shambling mound and if he knew dangerous again. he once again succeeded and immediately warned the group that the mound was a very dangerous beast and they should do their very best not to try and enrage it. Hearing this, the nightmare player decided the best course of action was to immediately plunge both his shortswords into it. He rolled appallingly low for damage and had now woken the mound. The party was already worn out from the traps and other enemies in the dungeon so they were easily knocked out in the mound's attack. When they yelled at the player for why he attacked the threat that was stated he said: "It's what Kirito would have done". I kicked him out and created a scenario where the rest of the party had been healed by a cleric who had found them injured in the street.