So I've posted on here before talking about the big reveal that my father was the big bad of the campaign. Well as an update my father showed up in the town we had just arrived in, this town has a swamp just outside of it, and we noticed some monsters and some sort of mental tricks on our way into the town, we didn't think anything of it just thinking it to be a trick of the swamp itself. Well when I saw my father he was sitting at the bar of the tavern we had just entered. I believed myself to be the only one who saw him. I approached the bar and sat down next to him, we spoke for awhile, mostly just me telling him I would kill him as he laughed. Well then one of my companions, Gerki, a goblin who hated my father for enslaving his people and torturing him. (Currently Gerki has no idea I am the son of the lord of hells.) Gerki instantly throws a fireball at my father, the fireball misses. My father looks to me and asks how much I care about Gerki, I tell him "Gerki is one of my closest friends." So my father throws a knife at him and nails him in the shoulder, saying "then I won't KILL him." I used a healing spell on Gerki telling him there is no way for us to win this fight right now. Gerki realizing the familiarity between me and my father gets upset and goes to bed. After this my father takes me outside to the edge of the swamp where I see the monsters we had glimpsed earlier. Two dread bringers. He tells me that me and my friends have to kill them or they will destroy the town and that the battle will be tomorrow. So we go rest, when I awake I go to fetch Gerki who has gone missing. I search the town for him and I finally find him having killed several men. I don't know why and I dont have time to ask. Gerki is furious with me and asks me why I was talking to the lord of hells and I finally tell him that I learned he was my father but that we dont have long because we must battle the dread bringers. We get to the swamp and luckily we only have to fight one of the dread bringers right now. So after a long battle that nearly cost us all our lives we finally stand above the dead dread bringer. The second tells us to go rest for now and to return later because he doesn't want to kill us too easily. As we begin to head back to the town someone reveals himself to us. He is familiar to me. I know him. But that's all for now. I will be releasing more updates later so you can follow me if you'd like to see some more of this journey. You can also find the other post I made about this journey on my page as well.