I just finished a module with my friends in Roll 20 and I just want to say that I am glad I picked the race and class I did.  In the module I created Cody the Kobold cleric of Bahamut and this module deals with the coast of the Moon sea being attacked by 'ghost' pirates of the ship Audacity.  The next place to get attacked was a small village outside of the city we were in Flan (I think that's how its spelled) but the attacks were strange.  There were footprints leading out from the sea that looked exactly like kobold footprints and there were bones with bits of cloth and clue stuck to them and the only people left behind were completely mad and raving about a dracolich.  My party makes it there and I instantly get Shadow over Innsmouth vibes especially when these people say the term "Outsides" when talking about pretty much anyone from outside the village and some kind of monster as a protector.  When the attack happened, we kept hearing Infernal being spoken and these collumns of fire leaped out of the ground.  I was totally right that these people were cultists because one of the townsfolk cut themselves with a dagger.  It turned out that the 'ghost' pirates weren't ghosts at all and most of them were actually kobolds.  The bigger guys were members of the cult of the dragon and my character was able to convince 3 to surrender by speaking draconic.  We spoke with them and found out that the cult of the dragon was looking for an artifact and the dracolich was actually a statue that essentially sucked out the knowledge that people had and unfortunately they hadn't found it.  They told us about the cult leader who was a spellcaster.  We snuck onto their ship with the other kobolds and it turned out that the real Audacity which supposedly sunk ages ago after enslaving the village was attacking the cult's ship.  There was a fight and we were able to kill the leader while I was able to speak draconic to tell the kobolds that we'd take them to freedom.  The kobolds ended up killing one of the cult guards and it turned out that the villagers had done something really messed up to the original Audacity crew because these pirates weren't undead but were actually fiends of some kind.  How I know was that I put some holy water on my mace as a test and it BURNED ONE OF THEM.  So after the fight we got off the ship and took all the kobolds back to Flan.  Cody was able to convert them to the church of Bahamut and told them about his home kingdom ruled by Silver dragons where everyone was free and many kobolds lived there in peace.  Cody was able to get them safe passage back to his church.  We told the the people of Flan about what happened and they'd do something about the village of inbred cultists.  And that is one of the things I like about DnD, our party could have easily killed all those kobolds but now they are alive and they are going to live somewhere far away from the cult of the dragon who probably enslaved them for all we know.  And trust me, there were way more kobolds than there were pirate demons or cult members so they could have stoned us to death.