I am a 32 F.  I weigh 122 lbs. I have generalized anxiety disorder, major depressive disorder, and Adult ADD. I have occasional flare ups of something. My current flare up was triggered by a respiratory virus. The same thing happened last year when I got a cold. Last year it took about 3 months to start feeling better. I’ve had 2 other flare ups in my life caused by extreme anxiety. My first was at 17. I’m about at the 3 month mark for my current flare up. Here are my symptoms. Extreme mental and physical fatigue, extreme brain fog, muscles feel  incredibly weak. It’s hard to raise my arms to shampoo or mix things up for dinner. Sometimes I slur words or they come out as gibberish. I’ve been reading words wrong in the past month (this is new) like I have to double read because I know that can’t be the right word. I’ve had double vision while looking to the left for about a year now, nothing’s wrong with my eyes I’ve been to an Optometrist. Double vision is worse during flare up. My muscles twitch, sometimes jerk. It’s mainly my arms and legs. My legs are about to drive me nuts. I will post a video link. They occasionally and randomly tremor when I walk down stairs. They tremor uncontrollably when I lay on my back and stretch them up.  My back muscles hurt so bad when I have to bend over slightly for more than 30 seconds, like doing the dishes. The will start to mildly tremor when I have to give my kid or dog a bath. When I straighten my back it stops. I feel like I have to pee all the time. It’s almost like the sensation of a bladder infection starting but I don’t have a bladder infection. Sometimes my toes will feel like they are numb, not completely I still have some feeling. That normally lasts about an hour. My lips will sometimes tingle and feel a little numb, that goes away quickly. I black out when I stand up too fast. I don’t faint or feel dizzy but I do see stars. I take my blood pressure, it’s always normal. I’ve tested my blood sugar, again normal. My anxiety is always through the roof when this happens and I have panic attacks. I have so much anxiety around drs because I’ve always been told it’s my anxiety and to go see a psychiatrist. I can’t stop crying when I go to the Dr. because of my anxiety so it’s always brushed off as the cause. When I’m not having a flare up I still have general muscle fatigue but it’s not as pronounced. I’ve had chronic abdominal pain for 9 years. They’re triggers points, my abdominal muscles generally feel sore all the time but there’s points that feel like I’m getting stabbed if they’re pressed on. I have to march my fingers to find those points. I’ve had ultrasounds, nothing. I’m at my wits end with my GP, I want an explanation or at least pointed in some sort of direction of what I need to do to get this figured out. Thank you for reading. [uncontrollable leg tremor ](https://imgur.com/gallery/IlrJXkI)