Hey guys, would appreciate all the help I could get (sorry for the long read). My dog is a 2yr 50lbs German chow mix. A year ago she was having super soft stools and they were varying colours, plus she started yelping when she pooped. The vet said to change her food, we did and the problems went away. A couple months later they came back, after visits to the vet, they cleared her anal glands and the problem slowly disappeared. She was fine all winter, but in spring, she had a dog treat she couldn’t digest (constipation), I immediately put her on GI wet food recommended by the vet, after 2 weeks on it, slowly transitioned her back to her normal food. She had her butt checked then too. the problems cleared for the most part until about 2 weeks ago. Her stools started getting a bit harder again. Initially it seemed like it was simply startling to her, to have harder stools, so just with constant reassurances she was okay to go, but now it seems like it hurts a lot more. Whenever we go on a jog, when she first poops it’s large, heavy and harder and then she’ll poop a second time, but softer stools. The 1st one is always accompanied by a yelp and the 2nd never. After she poops she’s as energetic as ever, I haven’t noticed any excessive licking on her behind, but it does look irritated and inflamed. I’ve cut down on all treats, she only gets gastro-approved ones. I know gastro problems are complex, but almost 6 vet visits later, including an emergency centre and two clinics and I don’t feel like anything’s been solved and hearing her in pain hurts me. I’m a student so I don’t have the excessive funds for extensive testing. Not to mention, to get near her butt vets have to put her under anaesthesia (she does not like getting checked) and I rather spare her the stress every time. I’m talking to one of her vets this week... but I know she’s going to probs recommend a full blood panel, stool samples, an other check up, maybe scans, leading to an other bill of $450+, I don’t know if I can fork it with my lack of hours currently due to covid. I’m worried sick. Do you have any recommendations on what I can do to help soothe her pain? Anyone with a similar experience? What should I prioritize? Thanks everyone in advance.