So my wife POS family ( they are of indian origin) is very opinionated and think any thing they want is the way think is how things should be done. These morons dont even live with us and live 3000 miles and try to shove down there damn agenda down my wifes throat. Her family is christian and the over the top religious Christians who all they do is pray all day literally,  they have no other hobbies. They wake at 5 am pray one hr, then do some stuff eat breakfast, sit around house pray again 12 pm , eat cook, cook clean,  do church oriented stuff, mediate, pray again at 5pm , eat dinner , pray again family prayer and go the bed. This is there mundane indoctrinated lifestyle and drives me insane. If there is some outing or family function that's about the only thing that detours the mediation and praying. The mother is a psycho and I think her way of thinking is so screwed.  3 of her kids including my wife where all underweight up until marriage , I asked my wife why you never gain weight she said it was family genetics and we always like this. After all 3 kids got married off all of them started to look healthy and gain weight easily after years of mother in law telling all attempts didnt work. This mother in law also probally made her 3 kids sick with ashma too with the stupid lifestyle. The reason I know this is how the family ( parents function) is because  I stayed with them for 1 month and saw this insane house hold. Now to get on the dog rant. I live in the USA and been wanting a dog for years after 5 years of marriage and no baby ( wife unable to convince most likely due to the mother in law rasing methods that had a physical affect on her fertility , my wifes sister also unable to conceive too ). Anyway we are still trying for a baby but I think it was a right time to get a dog just for a change and something new. I know how hard a dog is to raise from a puppy but willing to commit and be on board . It will also keep mind off other stresses in life. I will be at home for the next 2 months so I have plenty of time to bond with dog. Anyway my father in law brother has a dog in India and I think he only got this dog for his kids and wife,  he despises the dog on top of that in India they dont crare train , dog roams freely in house , poops where ever and not well mannered. In india you have your own house with opening so dog comes in and out freely. I asked my wife to ask the my father in law brother wife about dog advice and they are a really cool aunt and uncle so thought hey no harm asking. 2 days later we get a huge rant from my uncle in whatsapp voice message , telling dont get a dog and it's a headache, I have high BP because of this dog and I dont enjoy him ( well good for you Jackass , dont need your opinion down my throat) , I got pissed and told my wife to ignore it and we still getting. This morning my wifes mother called and started talking then randomly started talking about dogs and how the are dirty , expensive , can get COVID, you and you siblings and me all have asthma of we visit there we wont be able to handle it ( um I thought if you dont have allergy this wouldnt matter? How can breathing and asthma get worse from having a dog if you have no pet allergies . So she was just indirectly talking like this telling about her concerns and trying to ram this down my wifes throat. My wife is totally down for a dog but doesnt want to go against her families wishes or just unnecessary upset them. Also we also dont even have there blessing with there intital reaction of a dog in general and unaware we are even getting one. Most people when hearing you getting a puppy would get so happy and find but these people just are way to simple. Sadly I cant wait till her sick indoctrinated generation dies off. Ps they also against drinking alcohol think its unholy and you will go to gell  but I do it in secret . They also against wearing jewelry or ornaments because supposedly somewhere in bible is said that's being showy. My wife doesnt wear any jewelry or even a wedding ring because her whole family and other cousins are like this too. I can tell she wants too. God if o knew how strict this family was I wouldn't of married my wife, In Indian cultures it's not only the wife your marrying but there family. My family is so chill modern. Basically should I still get a puppy even if her family disapproves who doesnt even live with us but might come visit time to time in future. Is asthma people really gonna suffer with a dog ? I never heard of this nonsense in my life. I know people who allergic to pet dander have issues but just general asthma ? She is just a freak who doesn't take of herself and probally induced her own asthma living that a dusty Indian/ Dubai enviorment.