My parents are blaming me for not taking care of our pet dog that I got as a gift for christmas that I never asked for when I was young(12-13 yrs old). The thing is, I've never been "taught" to take care of this dog. All I've been lousely taught is to feed it, take it out to go potty and play with it and they expected me to become a full-fledged dog care taker if they just through a dog at me and said it was a gift. I expected the whole family (of 3) to have this dog be part of the family where we all bond with her and we can go on walks with her, have her eat dinner with us, and etc. But as time went on I was the one to mostly be keeping her company while still having very little knowledge to train and take care of a dog except the basics, eventually, she got too big and shed too much that my parents wanted her to be a backyard dog and never let her in. As I got older(18 currently), since I see my dog less and less since she is just in the backyard (and has been in the back for atleast 3 years and is pretty small but not so small she would be suffocating) I have completely lost interest in to put effort into keeping our bond to grow. It has been like this since she was sentenced to be in the backyard. All I do now is feed her and pet her a little and be on with my day. I continuously get shamed that I don't take her out on walks, playing with her, and things like that but I never wanted a dog as a gift in the first place and be expected to learn how to take care of a dog all by myself without any support. I know there will be so many of you telling me to tell my parents to take her to the pound since I don't want her and yes that is what I would like to do but I just want to justify what was done wrong? Was I in the wrong for not taking care of a dog I got as a gift that I didn't ask for and was obviously not ready to take care of one while my family didn't help me learn? I'm just showered with guilt that I wasn't able to have this dog to have a happy life inside of a warm home as my parents (mostly my stepfather who I dont like much and was the one to get me the dog as a present) blame me for not doing that in the first place.