I was at a friends place and was bit in the nose by their unprovoked pitbull. I think he was a little agitated and riled up from a few people being over but it was completely unprovoked and seemed super calm when it happened. Their pitbull was a rescued pitbull that was formally abused by their owners. They got it from a shelter under a year ago and is 2-2.5 years old now. So it definitely has some issues from its past. I was sitting on the floor petting one of the cats that was brushing up on me and their 70 lb pitbull walked up wagging his tail. He licked at my face a couple times and I was kind of pulling my face back as I don’t trust a pitbull I don’t know. It then when looking like it was going to lick again just lunges forward and bit my nose. His teeth punctured my nose and was dripping blood. He wasn’t growling at all and clearly could have done way more damage but a 70 lb pitbull just nipping your nose does some damage. My nose had some pus and was dripping blood. It was really late and didn’t hurt bad so I was dumb and just wiped it up and went to bed. I woke up the next day (yesterday) and washed it more thoroughly (I know I should have the night before but was late and had been drinking). My nose was pretty swollen during the day yesterday but by night swelling was going down. Yesterday (next day) they found their cat with her head swollen and blood under its eye and they took the cat to the vet, who thinks the dog bit the cats head as well and caused a small fracture under its eye. The dog has never bit their cats or a person before. I drove back home this morning and went to urgent care as it is still red and kind of swollen. The damage really isn’t bad but the doctor gave me a tetanus shot and antibiotics as said there is a high risk of infection with a dog bite. I asked my friend and he said the dog was fully vaccinated and caught up on his shots, and has the red rabies tag. Is there anything else recommended I should do other than take the antibiotics? I feel like this isn’t safe and seems unusual that a dog this big would bite a person unprovoked and then bite a cats head later when hasn’t done this in the past. It is possible it could be just agitated from multiple people being there. Is there anything else I should do? Rabies is obviously a worry to me as well, as this seems unusual for the dog, but how would I know if this is a risk?