I’d heard of the puppy blues, but never thought it’d happen to me. I had a dog when I lived with my parents, when she was a puppy i did most of the training and thought it’d be easy when i recently adopted a four year old rescue dog. by recently i mean yesterday. (old dog still lives at home with family) anyways, my new dog loved me on the way home, lots of kisses and fell asleep in my lap. the minute i get home she starts spinning in circles. i don’t mean the typical pacing around the room like any new nervous dog. i mean literal circles within a cubic foot space. she will spin for hours as if she just doesn’t know how to walk straight. yesterday i figured i’d let her get tired, she didn’t. she spun like this for hours until i put her in her crate for her to sleep. i called the person i got her from and they said “ she just likes to do that” what?? I also called a local vet and they told me she’s probably just nervous. but this seems very odd. she also isn’t potty trained. it could just be that she’s not used to being in the new place but she’s peed inside 3 times now and i’ve stopped her and brought her outside every time. you’d think a 4 year old dog would get it by now by the fact that she was apparently house trained before she came into my care. she’s very cute. i do love her, but i have to constantly watch her to the point where i’ve only been able to have one meal a day and that’s when i’m at work. i also haven’t found time to shower. i wanted to adopt an adult dog so that i wouldn’t have to go through the puppy stage/training. and now i’m thinking i should’ve just got a puppy then. or not gotten a dog at all. i’ve wanted a pug since i was little so it makes me really sad that she’s brought me so much stress. i took the day off of work to bring her to the vet tomorrow, and now i’m afraid that because of her spinning she could have something seriously wrong with her that i won’t be able to afford and i feel like a shitty dog mom for that. there have been good things. today while going potty she actually walked in a straight line for a couple minutes and i praised her. she likes to actually watch the TV and she’s amazing when she’s in the crate. but i obviously cant keep her in the crate all the time. i just don’t know what to do. i keep crying and having breakdowns because i’m so scared something is wrong with her that i wont be able to afford. maybe this was a huge mistake. any advice? i keep reading online and it just seems like my situation is very unique. i don’t know what to do