My dogs are two years old (male, Jake, neutered) and ten years old (female, Jessie, spayed). They are both Catahoula and Labrador mixes, so about 70 and 83 lbs/ 31 and 38 kilograms. Until recently, they’ve slept in bed with me their entire lives. We’ve moved to a different country (USA to Australia) to be with my boyfriend, and now they sleep in their beds in the hallway, just outside the bedroom door. They can see us if they want to, and often need redirection to go back to their spots (mainly the two year old). They have only been here about two weeks, so it’s still early, and they are adjusting faster than I thought they would to these new rules. My boyfriend’s family has a beach house, and we’ve been invited to stay there with twelve other people and one other dog, who they have met several times. The dogs are usually relegated to sleeping in the laundry room due to noise and allergy concerns. During the day, they will be out with everyone else and given reign of the common areas in the house/the decks. My dogs have a significant attachment to me and I’m worried that when we get there, they will not behave, and will cry/scratch the door/bark all night. For instance, if my boyfriend and I take them for a walk and I go the other direction for some reason, my girl will just sit and stare and refuse to move until I come back in her sight. If I go into another room, they follow me, and if I put them on the patio they will cry until they are let back in. My boyfriend and I are going to the beach house this weekend to do a trial run, and to get them used to sleeping in there without the rest of the family, in case we need to wait out the barking or anything. Any suggestions on how to make this process easier and as painless as possible for everyone would be appreciated. Our plans include taking their beds from home, taking the gate they are used to here for keeping them in one room when we leave, and bringing lots of toys/treats/filled kongs to keep them busy. We will also be taking them for lots of exercise during the day to make sure they are tired at night. Thank you in advance!