We adopted her when she just turned two years old. She came from a show breeder that no longer had use for her as she was bred and needed a c section to have her puppy. She was then gradually separated from her puppy to ween off milk. She was neutered upon adoption and was flown across the country in the lap of a handler that delivered her to us. Needless to say our poor baby had gone through a lot of trauma in a short amount of time. She was terrified of us the next day and wouldn’t let my wife or I touch her. I gave it a week and finally decided to put a blanket over her just to pick her up. She was so scared when I did that she went to the bathroom all over me but I continued to hold and pet her with my wife for an hour before putting her back down. After that she understood we were not going to hurt her and from that day on we’ve both become extremely bonded with her as she couldn’t hurt a fly, only 5 pounds and very sweet. We’ve had her for 7 months now and she is great in every way, potty trained and able to sit on command for food/treats etc, doesn’t ever cry or whine. The only problem with her is her fear of other people, not just strangers but literally anyone besides me or my wife. Even people like family that she’s seen over 10 times she acts like she doesn’t know them. When somebody comes over she barks a ton at first when they walk in and we try to show her we got it and not to worry and eventually she stops barking. But if the person tries to come toward her or especially tries to pet her she growls, barks, and runs away. I’ve tried many things to help her overcome her fear but that part seems to not have progressed yet. I’ve picked her up and let people hold and pet her as I tell her she’s ok but as soon as she’s back on the floor she goes back to being defensive. We’ve paid for one training session to teach her obedience/communication as far as how to sit and know that we want her to do something to get something. She’s alright with dogs she doesn’t bark she’s just timid and doesn’t play with them much. Does anybody have any advice on how to help her become more socialized with people? Thanks in advance!