We rescued a sweet dog about a month ago, her name is Nessie and she is a three year old lab-terrier mix according to the shelter. Nessie is my husband and I's first dog together. Nessie is a nervous girl, her foster had sent us a very detailed log of her progress over five weeks before we even met so we knew what we were getting into. She is extremely quiet, other than her tummy rumbling she is basically a ninja. Since we brought her home she has warmed up to us, but the biggest struggle we are having is she will not move if she is not asked to. At all. She has a few 'places' in our house where we have made beds for her, she has her crate, and she loves the living room couches. We can move her around between those places when she is leashed, but once she is down in a place moving her is difficult. She puts her paws on the leash and only comes after some considerable convincing. If we let her off the leash when she is not in one of her 'places' she quickly scurries to the nearest 'place' she can find. She has improved a bit, for example when I open her crate in the morning then go to my desk across the hall she usually comes to sit in her place under my desk by herself. I always reward her for this. She struggled with moving around on her own with her foster mom before us too but she seemed to move a little bit more there, probably because she had two other dogs in her home showing Nessie how to behave. The only place she seems somewhat free is in our backyard but even when unleashed she sticks quite close to my husband and I but at least she moves around. We try to do conditioning therapy with her, put treats out slowly farther and farther from her place to get her to move but it doesn't seem to make much of a difference.  Today, after I took her out for her morning walk I kept her leash clipped onto my belt loop while I made her breakfast in the kitchen. She didn't love it but she also wasn't as anxious as I thought she might be. I would love some ideas of how to best handle this behavior. We just want her to know it is okay to just explore because this is her home too.