My girlfriend of two years has a four-year-old Great Dane. Over that time period, I’ve grown to love that dog like it was my own child. We are best friends. I do almost everything with her, but she has increasingly become Aggressive and I need help fixing her problems before it’s too late. A little back story on her. She’s a European Great Dane...she’s 115LB and just turned four. Before I ever met her she was attacked by a dog at the dog park and ended up getting the best of that dog and doing some damage. She was on the leash and the dog was off. It bit her in the neck and ears doing damage before she bit back and ended the fight. While I’ve known her she was attacked by a friend's dog at his house. The dog attacked her over a toy and she pinned the dog to the ground but did not draw any blood. After this, she has become very aggressive towards dogs on our walks. She also guards the house like it’s her job 24/7 and goes insane at any dog she sees walking by. She even broke a window barking at a man and his dog one afternoon inside of the house. With that being said my girlfriend's friends dogs and her parent's dogs get along fine with our Great Dane and always have gotten along fine. She plays for hours and hours with them and has never had an aggressive moment. She’s very sweet towards people and loving towards us. Fast forward to my breaking point. My girlfriend one weekend shows up with a little Bassett hound puppy. I tried to tell her with the way her Dane has been acting it wasn’t the best idea, but she was determined to make it work. We’ve had the Bassett now for nine weeks and she and the Dane have gotten along fine. They play together, they sleep together, the Dane will even share her toys and bones with the little puppy to get him to play with her. She’s been super gentle with him. Well, yesterday I had them both on the couch with me just playing and relaxing. I turned my head just for a second to pick up my phone and I hear the most awful sound I’ve ever heard. I look over and right next to me the Dane is on top of this little puppy attacking him. I grab her and slam her to the ground away from the puppy and grab the little guy. He is bleeding everywhere. I honestly thought she killed him by the amount of blood. I rushed him to the emergency vet. He ended up being fine...no stitches but he did have a large puncture wound on the very top of his head and one through his ear. When I returned from the vet the Dane was hiding in the corner and had pooped in the house(something she’s never done) she was excited to see the little puppy and kept trying to get over to him. I have not allowed them to be around each other at all since. I’m worried and I don’t know what to do. I love that Dane with all of my heart. She is my best friend, but I need help or advice as to what to do about her. I don’t want anything bad to happen to this little Bassett pup...he is the sweetest little boy in the world. Please, anyone, have any advice or experience with anything like this. The Dane for as good as a dog as she can be...also has the size and power to be incredibly dangerous to another dog. Ps...no food/toys were involved in this attack. I think the little guy might have gotten her lip with his sharp teeth...that’s all I can think of.