Short story, I used to live with my mom, mother, sister and stepfather. (I’m 19 now) Me and my mom decided to get a dog. Since she grew up with Rottweiler’s, and I really like their intelligence and ability to train, we decided to get a rottweiler. As he grew up, I was the only one who was training him. He learned many things which he would do to a certain extent with everyone else (ring bell to go potty, sit, down, roll over, stay, speak, etc). As he grew up, he would respect and listen mainly to me and not as much to my mom and/or sister. They would never take him out, only me and he was 80% perfectly lose leash trained. The problem was that I didn’t know how to pass the respect he had to me, to my mom mainly. When he was 8 months old, my stepfather kicked me out and I decided to not come back. That is not the problem in discussion. Now, my mom was never able to earn his respect and continue the training, so she is now afraid of him, he pulls her when walking on a leash. My mom is 4’ 10” and he has tumbled her a few times. He barks at people (doesn’t act aggressive when people approach, he barks and then smells/plays). In the house, he bites her shoes just like when he was a puppy and I used to say no. But he doesn’t listen and now he is 100+ lbs, so it’s not really fun but painful. My sister is younger, but lacks the intelligence and attitude to train him. My stepfather doesn’t really play into this. He doesn’t take care of the dog so he doesn’t know the magnitude of the problem and leaves all the trouble to my mom. My mom has to become the dog’s master, but she lacks the physical strength to handle him perfectly and needs to gain more attitude to train him. I offered to pay for dog training since I was a pet in the decision of buying him, but I’m not sure which one is best. Most trainers charge $100-$200 per hour and don’t guarantee any amount of time needed. One that convinced me charges $1500 and he offers a lifetime support if problems persist. However, he guarantees that it works only if my mom does what he says persistently. Would someone recommend this? What about bootcamps? I know they are more expensive but considering the fact that my mom doesn’t have the physical capacity to handle him? Also, could she really train him without using physical force? Please help!!!