And although it's really gonna suck finding another job right now, I feel relieved that I don't have to spend one more shift running around like a chicken with it's head cut off trying to complete a whole days worth of tasks in what amounts to a 5 hour shift.  I had only been at my store for about 2 months and the SM made me a key holder.  I was mostly working as a cashier and finally felt like I had it down until one of the other key holders quit.  I walk into work one afternoon and they tell me I'm gonna be the MOD that night and my cashier is a girl who's like on her 2nd or 3rd night ever.  There was so much I still didn't know and I'm expected to train someone else, do returns (first shift always leaves a cart full for night), work sky shelves, put up all the AD, full store recovery, stock dairy, the deposit, and all other closing procedures.  Oh, and I had an hour lunch of course hahahhaa.  I made it through that night, but it was an insanely busy Saturday, so I had to abandon sky shelves, try to get through the AD (which I didn't finish), put away milk and eggs, speed through recovery, and try to remember how to properly do the deposit since it had been several weeks since I shadowed the lady that quit while she haphazardly did it.  I got the money squared away, except it took an extra 20 minutes past closing.  The next morning, I get a group text from the manager that's really just directed at me explaining how dissappointed she was that nothing got done last night.  That's how my former boss manages her store...via 8AM group texts where she chews out everyone without singling anyone out, but never tells you anything to your face.  Long story short, I've worked a lot of places and I've never had a job that was so stressful for so little money.  I don't know how anyone stays for longer than a few months without being totally desperate or having some form of stockholm syndrome.  Quitting was surprisingly easy.  I just walked in around noon (I was supposed to work tonight but I just said fuck it), found my boss, said "I've decided to quit."  And she like "Ok."  Handed her my keys and left.  I really expected to be cussed out but it was amicable.  I'm sure a lot of shit was talked about me amongst her and the others after I left because that's the culture at this store, but I could care less...it's not my problem anymore.