April 6th  I got an email saying cold stone has declined a charge of 643$ in Ohio (I live in Minnesota) and that it has been turned into credits. I was dashing at the time and started franticly changing my password. thought when doordash turned all my money into gift cards this guy uses the credits to buy himself an outback dinner for 120$ I'm pretty sure I caught it in time. I called support and they suspended my consumer account. saying you'll receive an email from our head office soon and promised my money back in 4-5 days. skip to now. over a week ago I couldn't log into my doordash account. it said, " you do not have permission to perform this action" and when I choose to become a dasher it gave me an error code 403 when I tried signing in and I got error code 403 when I used the wrong password. now I've been talking to support assistants for a while now and they all say the same thing. "your account is active, I see no issued with it" and I try all the stupid steps to no help. I get the same issue on all devices and internet connections I try. I check my email every day since April 6th and receive no follow up emails and no money back on my card. I don't even get an email back from a few days ago checking up on my refund status. I'm going to fight this with the bank I have all the proof I was never near Ohio and no one has access to my account except me. and earlier today I receive a random email to a form stock website saying." Thank you for contacting Dasher Escalated Support. If you would like to appeal a deactivation please use this link:" and I'm pissed I've been screwed this fucking disappointment of a company does this? I have 90%s in all my training and never received a bad review because I grab food haul ass and smile I've never received anything saying my performance was bad or a customer didn't like me I sometimes got messages saying my tip was increased. it's pretty hard to be bad a delivering food... this is my only job and loosing 600$ is a huge blow... and I don't qualify for any support money. I've been sitting at home pissed with my hands in my ass waiting for my damn money. and wanting to work. and here is the deactivation appeal evidence they asked me fucking jerkoffs. If you would like to appeal a deactivation please use this link: "why is my account even deactivated? my ratings were all in the 90% range.  and I've never received an email saying my account was deactivated. all the support staff says my account is active except 1 random email I got from a support agent I've never talked to before saying here is the link to reactivate my account. I am very disappointed in this company for the lack of information and support. there is still a 634$ charge on my credit card from when my account was hacked into on April 6th and I've received no refund or return of emails I will be fighting this with the bank. I have never been so dissatisfied with a company before.  I have screenshots of the charge and I can prove with my credit card records I was not in Ohio, I even have the address the food was almost sent too. I have the emails saying Coldstone declined the transaction and that 634$ was credited on my account? later to find it I'm pretty sure it was used. but I wouldn't know because of absolutely no follow-up email after. now my dasher account is deactivated? Why? all the staff says is there are no issues with my account and no flags and it is active.  excuse me if I am a little bit irritated. I haven't been able to work for over 2 weeks. I even received 5$ for my long support wait. doesn't sound like my account is deactivated? Please enlighten me."