I've been playing Dota since 2013 and there's been lots of peaks and valleys as any multiplayer game would have, but since that update I genuinely believe its the worst its ever been. Yes, we have ranked roles now which should be an improvement to just normal ranked, and between 7.22 and the tweak it was great. Yes you had to wait up to 20 mins sometime for a core role but id gladly take that if everyone is playing a role they actually want to play or even knew how to play. Why cant we just get the ranked roles we had before? Would people really rather have a 2 min queue for a high chance of a garbage game compared to 15 min queue for actual Dota? Every game is just a stomp one way or the other because its just a test of who has the least amount of people on roles they actually play. Then to cap it off you have separated core and support MMR which would make sense in theory if people again were actually playing the role they cared about, but as soon as you make them separate and then force people to play other roles there becomes a good chunk of people who lost their incentive to even try for that game because at least it doesn't effect the mmr they care about. So instead of supports that actually know what they're doing we get pos 5 pudge that just sits in trees for hook the entire time, or lion who just brown boots rushes aghs no wards just so he gets more finger kills. I actually sound like Donald Trump ranting about this because its honestly whats going on. "When people have to queue for all roles, they're not playing they're best. They're queuing with lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems into the game. They're picking pos 5 pudge. They're picking jungle legion 4. They don't buy wards, they don't contribute, because they don't care. Some, I assume care." I fucking love dota because when its at those peaks its unrivaled, but its valleys have never been this low. The patch is the best its been a while and yet the games are complete and utter trash. I've never seen this amount of players on heros that are completely foreign to them. At least back before ranked roles there was at least one singular mmr so people for the most part would try even if they ended up supporting. Now your lucky if 1 in 5 games is people playing a role they care about. What was the reason for the change? Was there really that many people complaining about wait times. Its basically the difference between Mcdonalds in the ghetto at 2 am where you're less afraid of the customers compared to the employees and  some great sit down restaurant where you'd take a girl you'd really like to impress her. If its a problem with declining player base i promise you more people will leave because of awful game quality compared to longer queue times. As it stands the loses are hard to watch and the wins are just as bad if not worse. You either get a 5 stack or might as well fuck off which is really disheartening as someone who enjoys the challenge of solo queue a whole lot more. Please Valve help a player out.