Hi there friends, been an abuser for some time and wish to share some insights, feelings, opinions. When I first tried DPH I was about 13 and had been an adamant user of DXM and robotripped increasingly often over my teen years. The DPH trip gave me horrific RLS and I didn't touch it again for years until I had developed a serious opiate problem around 20. Then I tried to find substances good for forgoing withdrawals. There I found loperamide, DXM again, kratom, and DPH, but DPH was always the focus for some reason. At first my DPH trips were punctuated by that haunting RLS and general anxious feelings. I still found euphoria in DXM. As I used more and more DPH out of a growing fascination with the blatant audio/visual hallucinations, DXM started to make me feel dizzy when DPH was starting to feel orgasmic. Hot pink allergy pills took precedence over my longstanding cough syrup obsession. I now take 16-25 pills any given day with a strong dose of kratom/weed/dope. My life has basically turned into nothing. I had few prospects before due to a spinal deformity, but I am now rendered entirely useless by this substance. I shower once a week and the drymouth has taken any hope of dental cleanliness. My face is drained of color, but obviously my little friend H has had some affect on my appearance as well. The DPH is what took away my ability to socialize entirely. I have no friends out of my own choice to avoid everyone in my life. My mom is extremely tolerant of my drug abuse (only gets mad when I nod off), lets me stay in the master bedroom for free and feeds me pretty decent food while cleaning up after me, and lately I've been staying at some dude's house where I lie in clutter on benadryl all day long, probably getting fucked and having multiple allergy pill aphrodisiac orgasms. Avoiding my mom despite her inherent tolerance of my lifestyle shows how much DPH has degraded my social life. I had an old friend I just started ignoring drop weed off at my house, to my mom, because they missed smoking with me. I have a grandma basically dying with cancer in an apartment I have not spoken to in months. I threw my phone at the floor in a fit of drug abuse induced rage and shattered the nice phone my mom had been paying for, unlimited data plan, still leased. My only hobbies or skills include being a musician, and although DPH doesn't entirely cripple these activities, it renders the productivity center in my brain useless and makes my singing voice painfully weak. Constantly broke due to unemployment, I steal a bottle of 365 Equate brand DPH every 2 weeks. I have also showed this drug to others, and brought their lives down to a screeching halt as well. I lost my ID, and I don't have a birth certificate, and must obtain a new one to replace it. Does anyone else misplace things constantly? What about forgetting what you were saying in the middle of a sentence? Dreaming while speaking? Constant weird facial expressions? The annoying inability to yawn or sneeze comfortably? Massive, fat, long orgasms all the time? Brain zaps? Like, the literal sensation of your brain being disintegrated inside your skull. Music sounds fucking incredible, all the time as well? I am about to turn 23 in a few months. I've been following this subreddit for a few months and decided I would finally join this community, since it's clearly where I belong at this point in my life.. I'm an artist as well as a musician, and I make lots of art and music influenced by experiences I've had using this substance. Feel free to tell me to get my shit together. I'm very used to hearing that.