So I currently just spent about 15 minutes fighting Calasmos only to just barely die when his health was in the red. Now that I’m at the true final boss (I don’t count timewyrm) I’m sort of looking back on the game as a whole and what I liked and didn’t like. This is the 2nd rpg I’ve ever really finished with the only other one being Chrono Trigger, which it’s weird that they both happen to be Square games with Akira Toriyama’s character designs. I really didn’t think I’d like this game. I was fully aware going in that this series was grinding heavy and slow paced, but I sort of bought it on a whim since I already couldn’t get into FF so I might as well finally try the other big rpg. Even though grinding and the general feel of rpgs were things I always hated, for some reason it just felt right to me. I liked the different weapon options, I liked that you could actually run around in battle, I liked all the different monsters that were fun to fight. The game has a satisfying loop that’s easy to get caught up in for hours. When it comes to bosses, while most of them were incredibly fun, I’d say two really sapped my enjoyment of the game during their sections. Those being Arachtagon and Krystalinda. They both have almost zero strategy, you just have to hope to god that the web attack or snowman attack doesn’t work or else you’re basically screwed. I also REALLY enjoyed both the characters and the story they were a part of. I loved Erik and the Luminaries bro relationship, Hendrik is just like that one fucking buff guy who’s really chill, Rab is basically just Roshi and that’s always a plus, And the others are great. However, the one character who I thought severely lacked was Jade. She basically just meets you which means she’s accomplished her life long goal, and then she’s just kind of there for the rest of the game except for the cutscene with Carnelian. She doesn’t have Hendrik realizing how he neglected Jasper, Erik finally saving Mia, Serena growing stronger after Veronica’s death( before the tower of lost time but I’ll get to that soon) or anything like that, but she doesn’t detract from everyone else. So the story is great and everyone is developed, but then you go back in time. Literal hours of character development, story events, and much more are lost because of this. Erik doesn’t save Mia, Veronica never dies, Sylvando never creates his happiness squad, and the Luminary never finds his dad and frees him. The best replacement we get are rushed versions of these events that don’t match the original versions. Even though all that happened, I still had a lot of fun in the 3rd act. The story may have taken a hit or two; but all the new quests and events, Calamus, and all new trials made it still and incredibly fun experience. Now that I’m almost done with this game, I’m definitely going to go back and play the rest of the games to see if the series only improved or if it lost its touch over time.