Hello everyone. I don't know how new, or pretty musch a "professional" is at drawing here but I'm sure some of you may have this expirence w/ drawing and I really need some advice because I'm just really not sure what to do here. When you all began drawing did you ever get the feeling where you looked at someone else's artwork, and depnding on what generation, or the ages of people are in this group you would then go on the interent or social media and look at other's artwork and think "I've been drawing for so many years, why can't I do this sort of art yet?" I understand art is a long enduring process, and while I have only started taking drawing seriously my freshman year which was 5 years ago, I feel like I'm just stuck. It gives me inspiration to look at other's drawings and artwork but at the same time it makes me feel like when I then go to start drawing after I look at all of this, and even tho I realize I may not be able to draw what they draw because I only have the basic fundamentals, and I'm not an intermediate to advanced drawer, I just feel like I'm not good enough at drawing and no matter how much I practice I feel like I won't ever get there. I know you're not supposed to have that kind of attitude becasue I know people will tell me, and I have been told plenty of times I won't get there w/ that attitude, but I still can't help but think that. I tried setting up some sort of "schedule or plan" and I wrote down things I wanted to accomplish w/ drawing and that's learning the fundametnals of drawing, learning how to draw traditonally (mostly using the mediums of graphite pencils, charcoal, and pens), and doing digital drawing (using Photoshop and Procreate/Adobe Fresco on the iPad). So when I was finished writing these things down I then planned out how much time I thought it was going to take on each thing and I planned it out w/in the span of 6 months which I thought was reasnoable and I made it so that each week I was going to work on something. And I made each week one goal, and then I would add one more thing to that goaal and I thought this was a pretty good plan. But then I would go back and look at the artwork again and get in that mindset again so after I had taken all that time to write that down (which if I remember correctlt was at least half the day or more) I didn't do it and it was extremly frustrating. If I'm right from what I've heard and done research, is this called an "artist block?" Or is this something differnt? Because I do have something called BPD (Borderline Personality Disorder) and this is something that I've struggled w/ for the past 3 years and it plays apart in all aspects of my life and I think it's starting to play a role in this too. If anyone doesn't know what this is I would be happy to tell you but I have to look up the info because there are a lot of symptoms that involved w/ it and the definiton is pretty long. So if anyone has any advice at all PLEASE don't hesitate to help! I've been looking around doing some research and I just can't seem to find anything!!!!