I just had a dream that I was attacked by a leopard. At first when I woke up I wasn't sure if it was a leopard or a cheetah so I looked it up and for sure it was a leopard. The dream started in a completely different dream. I'm not exactly sure what the dream was about because I'm not sure what the situation even was so I'm not gonna get into it. The dream somehow morphed into me being outside a small house that had a small yard surrounding it in a square and tall grass past that square. My theatre teacher was inside. (For context: I have a wierd relationship with my theatre teacher. I get the feeling that he doesn't like me because he's never put me in anything but the ensemble and hasn't put me on any of our Shakespeare or region-state teams despite me being fairly sure I'm just as good, If not better, than some of the people who he does put on the teams.) So I was outside in the back with my younger sister. Idk what we were doing, but suddenly to the right of the house we saw a leopard. We both stayed very still And were terrified. I can't remember how but the leopard got to us and my sister was laying on the ground still with the leopard just above her head. There was suddenly someone else there too. I can't remember who, but they were definitely feminine in energy. Like I could sense they were a girl. I tried to get my theatre teachers attention I think, but he didn't see me through the window. I did some arguing with the girl over who should save my sister. At first we decided it should be her, but then I convinced her I should because I had some thing, think of a totem of undying from Minecraft, sorta like that. It apperently made my left eye have a different ring of color around the pupil, so I said "look at my eye, I'll do it" to the girl. I put this like leather strap around my sister's torso that was supposedly going to protect her from harm and put my arms under her, preparing to lift her. I did this all super slowly so as not to disturb the leopard. Then, quickly, I hoisted her off the ground and onto her feet towards the house. We were both running but the leopard got my left arm. It held my in the air and ran around with me. I tried to get my sister to get my theatre teacher to help (at this point the other girl had disappeared somehow) but I couldn't make words come out of my mouth or breathe so I mouthed it to her but it was like she was in shock. She didn't respond to anything, she just stood there with wide eyes. I eventually was close enough to the house to knock furiously on the window for my theatre teacher to notice. It took him a bit but he finally came outside. My dream ended there because I woke up. It was about 4:55 when I woke up, so definitely woke up out of fear. I closed my eyes for a bit longer to see what other ways the dream might have gone, how I could have gotten out of there. My arm felt tingly and it took a second to get used to the fact that it was fine and it was just a dream. I looked up in my dream interpretation book and online about the meaning of being attacked by a leopard, and they sorta say that someone close to you will betray you or that you will fail in something because of over confidence or lack of confidence. None of this really makes sense to me though. I just don't believe that is it. I feel sick to my stomach and am probably not falling back asleep. Now that I think about it, I think the other feminine energy might have been someone from the dream I had before. But I'm not sure. I'm just super confused and my stomach hurts.