So when I was younger I had crazy, horrible dreams. I saw spirits, had dreams of death. But this one in particular always confused me the most. I remember parts of it like they are real memories. I went to sleep as usual, and woke up not in my body...like I could see myself in bed, I was in my room but not everything was as it usually is. There were sunlight streaming through the window and dreamcatchers around my room, and on my desk I had loads of trinkets, crystals, and small cabinets filled with books and jewellery. I went over and looked in amazement at them all, there was this big plastic figurine of a tree (looked like one of them vintage polly pockets) because it had a little door on it, when I opened the door I had to turn around what was inside and there was something that amazed me like a jewel or something I can’t quite remember now. I remember knowing there was something behind me and in the sunlit corner of the room there was a friendly smiling old man, dressed like an old age Buddhist monk. I talked to him for what felt like forever and I can’t remember the exact words he told me but all I remember is this warm glowing feeling from him that made me feel that everything was perfect, he shone like the sun radiating this gorgeous light. He took me over to my desk and handed me a compact mirror from it with a butterfly on, he told me to always keep it safe in my pocket because something would try to take it away from me. He took me to the big open window and told me that i could fly, he made me sit in a meditation position and think the happiest purest thought I could...and I literally began to rise off the floor, he told me to go out the window and look around. As I got outside everything was not as it usually is. The roofs were flat and made of tin, and the sun has began to set, with a beautiful sunset. As I flew along I suddenly heard the old man shout “he’s here. You can’t let him catch you. RUN” and all of a sudden I felt such panic, as I flew back to the window i was sinking as my thought weren’t pure and happy so I began to run along the rooftops, that’s when I saw the giant shadowy figure, he had no face just a black abyss, with a sense of impending doom. My old man screamed at me once again “get back to your body quickly. You must” I ran as fast as I could back through the window and the old man was sitting there “you lost your mirror” he said and I checked my pocket and it was gone, I was devastated. The ceilings in the room at this point was full of strings of dreamcatchers. All of a sudden the shadowy figure came into the dark corner of my room, I knew I had to get back to my body so I ran to it, looking at the clock on my bedside table that isn’t usually there, i can’t remember exactly but it was like 3/4 in the morning. And everything went black and then I woke up. Choking coughing and I couldn’t move, like I was having a panic attack. Once I came round I didn’t believe what the fuck that dream was, everything in my room was back to normal and I ran downstairs as fast as I could, writing it all down and telling my closest friends, it was literally the middle of the night and I had no sense of time so I was ringing them frightened. My mam came in and I told her I had another horrible dream and she consoled me and then went back to bed. My friends knew I had weird dreams but never this weird and surreal before. I never had another dream like it and over the years I stopped having horrible dreams, but we all still remember it. Thanks for listening to my dream, if you have any advice I’d love to hear it x