So the dream is as follows. Its evening time. And me and my school friend are outside tution classes waiting for our ride back home. In waking life, I am not in touch with her coz we are in different states and we haven’t talked since graduating junior college. So we are standing and talking. And we have our bag hanging on our back. There comes a grand chariot in the shape of a swan being driven by horses with wings. And the charioteer is my maternal uncle. In real life, he is a tattler and a very obnoxious guy. So I don’t talk with him much. Just the occasional greetings of hie hello and bye. So we sit in the chariot and fly all above the sky and in the galaxy and even above the galaxy. He keeps talking but I don’t give heed to hear him. And can’t seem to remember anything which he spoke. At this point I became aware that I am dreaming. So the sky is golden and orange and tints of pink. Very pastel shades. White and blue clouds. The air we were breathing had a sense of high. I was feeling very high with extreme happiness and bliss. Then we reached ground with trees on both side of the road. The trees had golden leaves. On some of the trees were cherubims playing. On some tree branches there were naked voluptuous ladies who were epitome of beauty and they were combing their auburn hair. They were looking at me and smiling. I didn’t feel aroused or dirty. Instead I had a feeling of devotion. Like I had seen God. I was having a pure feeling. Also on some other trees, there were naked men and women having an orgy. Again no arousal. Just a feeling of devotion and feeling special that I got a chance to visit heaven. I truely felt at that moment, that I was being shown heaven. Then suddenly something came flying in front of my face and it flew away. I don’t know how to describe it but it was a tree with naked bum and legs hanging from one side of the tree and the upper body on the other side of the tree. And the human was fused with the tree. Everyone was smiling at me and I felt they were trying to communicate with me telepathically. I could here them shout chearfully in my mind. So I shouted Yeaaahhhhhhh with glee and they started laughing. I also laughed. Then we reached a golden gate. A lion was tied up in cobwebs to the gate. And the lion smiled at me. There was a fawn like Mr. Tumnus (Narnia fame) standing at the gate with a 🗡 in his hand. He held the sword with the blade touching the ground. And his eyes were seeing the ground. And he was also smiling lightly. I felt the fawn say telepathically that I was about to be given a mission. But then it was morning and my husband woke me up. So what are your thoughts guys ? Am I deluded ? Am I having a sense of grandeur ? Am I being a narcissist giving myself so much importance ? Or do I have a problem which has been buried into my subconscious which I dont know about ? Or have I really seen a piece of heaven ? That dream was the best and the most magical I could have ever witnessed ! Help me out friends !