Ok so the dream started off kinda weird. I was up on the levvy for our town ( I think that's what it's called we just call it the dike) and I had to mow some grass so this guy could run and make a video and the grass would look nice around the sidewalk. So then flash forward after I mow the grass and he's running up and down the sidewalk doing different challenges and stuff and I was just watching I have no idea what the point of this was so far. Then again flash forward a little later and I was just walking along the dike and a few of my friends were there but I've never actually seen them in real life before they were random people and we were all like hey let's go down to the old concrete bridge down by the river and hangout and just mess around then the dream just kinda flashes forward to that night at about 2 in the morning and I'm at the dike and I feel kinda panicked and for some reason there's these big fences and gates around the dike and there's guards patrolling on the other side. I didn't think anything of the fences and just decide to try and climb over and when I get to the top a guard sees me and says we can't let you walk the dike right now it's too late. And I was like I forgot something can I go get it and then they let me in but one of the guards has to go with me to make sure I'm actually getting something. We walk over thru the trees and get to the bridge and the guard asks me what I'm looking for. I said I'm not sure but i know it's right under the bridge and I just need to grab it real quick and get home before my parents notice that I left and she said ok let's just hurry then. We walk out to the bridge and look down towards the river and saw something that I can't really describe. It was like a spirit but it just kinda looked like a big blueish see thru skull it was floating around and placing portals to get across the river the guard was like what the hell is that and I said idk what's it doing. And she said that it looked like it was making something. We just sat there and looked at it and stayed quiet watching it and eventually after about 30 seconds she accidentally made a noise and it looked around and then went looking in the woods for the noise. She said there's our opportunity let's go grab it real quick. So we go down to the river and right about as I'm going to swim across I hear a bunch of noise and then all of a sudden there's a bunch of military vehicles driving on this road really fast with a bunch of really big animals in cages on the back of them(no road there irl) and I was just like well that was weird and then we go across the river and the guard gets really like suspicious of me for some reason and then I start talking without me actually talking and said that my face was only red because I was scared . She said well if you say so then and I started walking towards the bridge from the side of the river and I "see something" and start yelling but again it's not me saying anything just words coming out of my mouth. But I run under the bridge real quick and grab a broken metal rod and say oh no it's broken my parents are gonna kill me . She said well I would just leave it let's go. We start heading back to the little incline next to the bridge to get back up and we hear that thing that was making portals talking in the woods saying "ok you guys found me I surrender" and "I'm gonna walk out you got me" I started panicking and I start talking again without me actually talking and i say no no no we will just be on our way and you'll leave us alone and then he says he might just have to scream and I start freaking out and saying no no no please don't scream just don't do it and then he says sorry it needs to be done and then let's out a blood curdling scream and I literally just deflate into a nothing but skin and roll down the incline then I wake up.