I legitimately just woke up from this and wanted to write it somewhere to both share and remember.  It started with me in some sort of vacation/beachhouse? That my family would never own but of course in dreams things that don’t make sense somehow do to you in the dream. In this dream I was having trouble going to sleep as it was heavy downpour outside (it was actually raining in real life albeit softly).  I was having a nightmare inside of this dream about a place I used to camp at as a child. My mother, father, brother and two close friends were in this nightmare (remember this is still inside my other dream).  Some of the things that happened during this dream made absolutely zero sense but it almost felt as if my mind was trying to scare me in any way possible. This is where it gets bad.  In this dream within a dream horrible things would happen, but the one i can remember most was my mother accidentally running someone over with a vehicle, and the pure emotion i felt in this nightmare within a dream was so vivid it kind of scares me.  Obviously a lot happened in this nightmare it’s just so hard to remember. But i was jarred awake from the nightmare and I’m back in my original dream in the vacation home.  It’s still very dark and gloomy outside and the version of me inside of this beachhouse starts getting paranoid due to the nightmare I had just woken from.  Up until this point, my mind has been able to keep me from understanding this part is a dream, and i see one of the lawn chairs get picked up outside and the pure terror i felt inside of me was insane.  I was surprised to see it was my brother holding the chair angrily walking inside the house, sleepwalking. Now this is never something he’s been known to do but he does things like talk in his sleep.  He comes over to me and i start wondering what to do.  His eyes are rolled into the back of his head and he starts moving me with the lawn chair legs forward moving me around the kitchen and he finally wakes up and is confused at whats going on.  That’s when i wake up, and finally realize that the beachouse portion had been a dream as well. This may not seem as nightmarish now that its written down looking back at it lol, but it’s more due to lack of knowledge on dreams.  I had no idea you could have dreams within dreams but looking through this sub it’s common.  Though it seems normally people have the first layer be there actual bed and they do regular things.  Sorry about the super long post but I just wanted to share as i have never had an experience like this ever. Feel free to ask questions and I will try to answer.