Today i had a dream that was very beautiful for me. My dream was situated in a fictional town that appears in my dreams almost always. I remember that i was living in some sort of hotel, that also appears in my dreams a lot. There were also my classmates living in that hotel. I cant clearly remember what i was doing there but i can remember the interior. After some time, i decided to leave the hotel (or run away?) and get some walk. I went to some kind of very nice forest with lot of plains far away (but not that much) from hotel. The road that went through the forest was very dusty, curvy and had a lot of holes made by cars. After a while, i met some kind of homeless man in the border of forest and plain. I was talking with him. I said him that if he want, i can bring him some things sometimes. He was very nice. Then i walked farther and after a while i came to railroads, that were crossing my road. There was something like a big silo (i have similar in my town irl) in the background. I saw a train coming along that track and it was coming towards me. I waited for it to cross. I remember that i also put my foot on rail in front of train but then i put i off the rail.  That train was very interesting. It was a freight train i never saw before. It was so wide that it needed two rail tracks to go (i cant describe it very well so im trying to draw it and later maybe post it there). Then i had something like a flashback. There were me and my younger brother playing together. He was something around 5 (now hes 7) and i accidentally slapped him in face as we were playing. I freaked out and tried to calm him to not cry. I said him something and tried to hug him. He pushed me against the ground and lied on me so i cant stand and we both started laughing. It was very heart warming for me, because i dont spend much time with him now (almost nothing). Then i crossed the railroad and dream ended. Is there some symbols or secret meaning? If you know your can tell me. Sorry for english im from Slovakia.