i apologize for in advance since all the details are extremely hazy, it was a long time ago and i can’t ever remember my dreams to begin with so please bear with me. this was about 2-3 years ago when i still shared a room with my brother and it was a normal night like any other. the only distinction was that we had just rearranged our room to where my brother was sleeping on what used to be my half of the room and me on his half of the room. (i’ll elaborate why i remember this later) I had fallen asleep without any issue and had a somewhat mythical dream that i can only really describe as taking place in a doctor Seuss book, specifically “oh, the places you’ll go.” i vaguely recall several townsfolk telling me about a quest that i had to go on, something along the lines of “you’re the chosen one” or “only you can defeat the dragon.” The people in the town were mostly fictional characters that i liked, like the monkey from Aladdin or Danny Devito pig from Hercules. All of this isn’t too out of the ordinary until i came across a rock which had a note or something of the sort that told me i was dreaming. i suddenly became conscious of my physical body in the real world while still dreaming immediately after hearing this in my dream. i don’t know why or how but i thought to myself in the dream “sit up” and almost like magic i sat up in real life and woke up. it was like i had control of my muscles and body from the perspective of “dream me.” so i woke up surprised and very confused on where i was and thinking that i was still dreaming. it took me about half a minute to come back to reality and realize i was sleeping backwards on my bed, my pillow was wedged between my wall and my mattress, and my brother was completely awake sitting in bed on his ipod. i then proceeded to tell him about everything and he said that i looked like i was convulsing the whole time i was asleep and i suddenly stopped and sat up which gave him a fright. the weirdest part of all of this is that i genuinely haven’t experienced a dream since this unusual one about 2 years ago. i decided to share this today because i had a dream last night about working in a fast food chain which i vividly remember. i apologize for any grammar mistakes or run on sentences this was more or less just a rant about a crazy experience i had (plus i’m typing on my phone) any insight on what this means or similar stories would be greatly appreciated, thanks for reading :)