So I started getting terrible episodes about 4-5 years ago when I became interested in lucid dreaming. I never before had any issues with it until I started diving into that realm. I never had any “visual” paralysis episodes, mostly just auditory with the occasional strange bodily sensations. Until this one night, about two years ago that still makes my blood run cold. My girlfriend had just left me, and I was alone in the world, just in a dark place in general. The house I lived in at the time was quite literally in the middle of nowhere, and could be unsettling at night. People that stayed there usually told me they heard weird noises at odd hours, knocking, footsteps etc. When my girlfriend lived with me I heard some cabinets close on a few occasions but brushed it off as my imagination. So I went to sleep one night on my couch in the living room. The couch was parallel to a long hallway that led back to the other bedrooms. I turned off the my light and mind you I was in complete total darkness and silence due to living in the country. I woke up and immediately had that “let’s get this over with feeling”. I was filled with a rush of anxiety from my toes to the hair on my head. The bathroom light then turned on down the hallway, and the shower turned on. Remember I never experienced a visual paralysis episode. The water ran for about ten seconds, then shut off, and then the light turned off again. Pitch black. From the back of the hallway I began to hear what sounded like bare feet running on a tile floor coming towards the living room, closer and closer. Out of fear I closed my eyes as tight as I could. As I lay there, the running feet begin to circle the couch again and again. My adrenaline was then pumping so hard I couldn’t help but crack my eyelids to see what was going on. What I saw, was a naked man, hands bound behind his back, with a solid black mask covering his face. He was tall, skinny, and looked somewhat disfigured. But the way he was running looked so like he was escaping something. When he noticed I was looking at him he stopped dead in his tracks and had his back turned to me. He never turned around, just stood there staring into nothing for about five minutes. I never thought it would be possible to feel so scared. It was an other worldly fear I can’t describe. The whole house was filled with cold darkness for a solid 15 or so minutes. I finally woke up drenched in sweat, and turned every light in the living room on. I had to get up and walk it off. It felt like I just managed to escape hell. Hadn’t had an episode this extreme since. Just thought I’d share my experience to see if any of you can relate.