I was living in this sanctuary, it was huge and I knew a caretaker there my age. We were just hangning out and checking on the animals. Then he snatches a bird, think it was a toucan and goes back to his quarters. I follow him, he had this huge cleaver which he used to dismember both wings of the poor bird. Then he plucks out all the feathers and runs his cleaver down its body making cuts and scratches everywhere. The bird doesn't even make a fucking sound, it just stared straight at me while he was cutting it all up. It's eyes looked so human it freaked me out. Then, the bird jumps down from the table it was being held and crawls under the bed. Then the bird crawls out and next thing I know it became my brother. He's wearing a bathrobe to go take a bath outside. He just walks out and I try to stop him because for some reason I remember that a bear escaped from its territory. He opens the door and this huge bear comes out of nowhere, knocks him down and drags him away, I try to pull him back, worse thing is that he doesn't even make a sound, just looks at me like the bird did. I'm fucking giving it my all but the bear is so strong it doesn't even break a sweat. The door slams shut and I can hear the bear, eating. Man that fucked me up so hard. I know it's coming for me next, I run into one of the rooms where the guy in charge lives. I tell him what happened and he panics, calls up my dad to pick me up while he's doing that, I hide in his bed under the covers (idk why) and then this guy comes in, apparently it's the guy that set the fucking bear free. Dude just walks silently over and I'm desperately trying not to be seen by the dude. The whole place turns into a forest and the bed I'm hiding in becomes a boulder. I'm behind them listening in, the dude that set the bear free walks over to the guy in charge and starts stabbing him like 20 times. And again all I can hear is the sound of the knife going through his flesh. The dude doesn't stop keeps going even after he's dead and even then, no sound nothing. After he takes care of that dude, I somehow knew he would find me. He was coming over to where I was, getting closer and closer and I wake up in a cold sweat. 
Fucked up my whole day lol.