I had a dream last night and I was hoping someone could help me. It was a nightmare but something about it when I woke up just left me feeling really unnerved. (also sorry for any typos I’m tired and not wearing my glasses hah) Basically my parents and I were visiting my grandparents. I was asleep and sharing a room with my grandma when I was woken up by a slow knocking sound. I woke my grandma and asked her what the noise was and she told me a strange women had been knocking outside her window for the past few days. I was obviously concerned but has my gran sleep in another room but although the curtains were closed so the strange woman couldn’t see she still knew what room my gran was in and would still knock outside the window. At this point I was done and also scared I got my gran to contact the police even though she didn’t seem concerned and I went to take a picture of the woman. But when I had opened the curtains to take the picture I became super disoriented and collapsed but I still managed to take the picture of the woman. I looked at the picture of the woman and she was brown skinned with very short brown hair. Her eyes were yellow and she was wearing an extravagant red dress with a red headpiece she also has red face paint and a small yellow and black dot on her forehead she was also making an extremely smug face and was kind of posing for the picture. I don’t remember much after but no one in my dream seemed too concerned. I’m even sure what it is about the dream that makes me so I guess upset,,?? idek it makes me a little concerned for my gran and I really don’t like the woman from my dream and I’m worried I might see her again I might draw her if I get the chance. But if anyone had any ideas on what it might mean and if there’s anything I can do to make my dreams not so freaky I’d appreciate it! also on the night I had that dream I was having a lot of trouble falling asleep and I’m getting that again tonight though it might just be the worry. If you have any questions pls ask! SORRY THIS IS SO LONG BTW : ((