This dream was all over the place, but I think it’s very interesting so I’ll put down the details before my memory gets too foggy.  In the first scene that I can recall, I was in a huge mall that I’m sure doesn’t exist in real life.  I don’t remember it’s name, but it sounded pretty foreign.  I explored it for a while until I found this store that sold Overwatch 2 merch.  Since I’m excited for this game in real life, I was naturally eager to look around.  There was a crap ton of new characters depicted around the store, which not only included some omnics(basically robots), but also some aliens(of the lizard variety).  Now it’s time to talk about the weird Pokemon thing.  I don’t remember what exactly was happening, but I do know that I was spending time with this odd creature that sort of looked like a living version of the giant armored fossil found in Subnautica except much smaller.  His body was mostly dark blue, which led me to think that he was a water/bug type, but I somehow looked at his data and found out he was actually bug/fighting.  This bizarre pokemon-like alien was talking about natural selection, as well as something about metamorphosis and his species taking over the world.  At the end of his scene, he grew to a gargantuan size and said something along the lines of “New Orleans is the way/future”.  I remembered that New Orleans was a real place and told him “No, New Orleans is a state”, to which he replied with something like “No, it is the way!”  Now I’ll tell you about the sewers.  For whatever reason, Danielle(a low functioning autistic girl I knew since elementary school) and I were leaving a water park and I decided to take a route down in the sewers.  I lead her down a spiral staircase going underground.  The place was well lit, marble white, and cleaner than such a place is in real life save for some weird orange stuff that I had to move out of the way with my foot and some white foam on the ground.  That’s all I can remember, pretty wild huh?  I’m not sure what any of this means, so I would like to hear your thoughts on this crazy dream of mine.