Was just awoken from a dream.  It started off with me being inside a house walking up a flight of stairs.  The sides of the staircase was made out of wood... it was a dark dark colored wood.  There was someone with me, I can't picture his face but he was younger, adolescents perhaps. He was walking with me as if we were friends going somewhere.  We had stopped and spoke with a woman.  I can't see her face or hear any words but I can tell she was beautiful, and had a kind soft spoken way about her.  She seemed gentle. Then the dream switched to me walking on a hill side with people from my past but of those whom I never really associated with. There were children all around. It seemed like a happy environment. As I continued to walk the grass got taller and thicker and harder to move through to the point that I was struggling to move. There was blue sky about that quickly turned to ice and started to collapse.  The ice though seemed to have been a floor above me for  it had wooden beams being exposed and collapsing with the ice.  I start to back track my steps still being stuck in this almost impenetrable vegetation trying to quickly escape to safety.  I could hear panic from everyone around me who was getting trapped and crushed by the falling debris and screams of those falling through there floor from above, both women and children.  As the collapsing floor gets closer to where I am I can slowly feel myself getting free from this entanglement of thick brush, pushing my way through with all my strength. As I struggle to escape, the floor of ice and wood crumbles above me not injuring me but instead presents a fallen wood beam that acts as a ramp to the next floor. Looking down upon me as this happens is a small child with blonde hair and his mother... the next floor looks that of an ice hockey locker room... the child is in his hockey uniform while his mother is kneeling in front of him tying his skates.. they both look at me with content... I'm now awake but panic stricken and uneasy... what makes me feel uneasy is this terrible feel of alien abduct!  I get what ice means in a dream and what grass means. I get what a building collapsing means.  They're suppose to be good things for the most part.... but why the struggle through the thick grass? Why the terror of the building collapsing on me and the horror of those dying around me? Why was it women and children only in the dream? And why in the world did I wake with the dread of alien abduction? Why was that even a concern to enter my dream state?