So I guess it began like 3 years ago I would roughly guess, the dream is somewhat recurring in the sense is that I know it's the same world I'm in every time if that makes sense. So I start out in the library, it's like super fancy with high ceilings and made completely of a dark wood that is polished and stained, the walls have some crests spread along each wall but I can never remember what it looks like. So I start out in this place completely alone and each time I have to find my way out but the way out is different everytime and tougher as it reacurres ( the way I get out from what I remember is using a dummy elevator or weird sets of stairs that seem infinate and I get out from what I perceive as pure luck, I do not write down my dreams like I've been told I should but from my knowledge the task is never the same ) and sometimes I recieve outside help from an omniscient being that merely gives me the thought of what to do, it doesnt speak or gesture to me but I feel the thought I'm given is not my own (I know it sounds insane) and I follow it instinctively. The thing is I'm not a lucid dreamer at all so when I wake up from these dreams I feel as if they were out of my control somewhat like irl. So anyways I always end up escaping this library into multiple corridors that seem to be a maze and I'm always scared when in this part and feel trapped. I eventually make it through though, everytime I might mention, and I escape the building through an elevator that transports me to a lobby with hundreds of people going about their day I rush and make my way through this crowd to get outside as if dying for air and running from something but I don't know what. When they first started I would wake up once I left the building but eventually I would make it out, and the world I'm in is futuristic almost. The buildings all look miles high up and train rails crisscross in between these building with strange looking cars driving around on the ground and I always get into the first one I see always in a rush to figure out how to start it and get going, each time the dream happens I progress further which is what has had me getting a little weirded out by it. The furthest I've gotten is into the car and starting it and going faster than I could recognize and looking behind me being chased by either authorities or some entity I did not know of. These dreams happen every 3 months it would seem in periods of 2 days but sometimes 3 and it seems to always happen when I start to forget these dreams it seems lol. I know it's nothing but hey maybe someone else's interest might be piqued like mine is whenever I think about this. Yes I did make an account to post this mainly too see if anyone else has this same type of situation tbh.