So in the dream there is this popular preacher (looks exactly like jeff caviler at athleanx.com) and he does these excorsism videos, where he takes an athiest has a talk with them about religion/christ ect, then shit gets really weird and they end up seeing shit around their house like ghosts and demons just overall crazy shit. He then comes in "exorcises" them and they join his cult. This is all fake he just kidnaps them drugs them and edits it in a way that looks unincriminating. Before going to the church i ask my dad if i can go. He says no at first because theres obviously a psycho killer preacher, but i say something about wanted to help the kids and he says: "you know what spencer, i trust you". So im in this church and im playing football with a bunch of kids in the hallway and this guy (the preacher) comes in. He says something about about football and being better than me or something and of course im hyper competitive so im talking shit back saying like ill beat a whole team of you and your adult friends with all the kids. Now this whole time i know that this preacher is a fucking psychopath so im talking to the kids suuuper nicely. Relating everything back to jesus and shit, like the kids love me its cool. Now the game starts boom touchdown easy money (the kids legit just hand me the ball and i go ham) on defense i get a pick and score. Jeff caviler is pissed but trying to hide it. Then the game winds down and for some reason i realize im at the end of the hallway with no pants no shoes...and no phone. I know this must be the preachers doing so i start focusing. I dart about and try to find my shit. i find my phone and shoes but not my pants for some reason. As i walk outside i see my car being filled up with gas (like hes using a gas pump but its connected to a big oil truck and hes pumping out clouds into the half cracked windo of my car), so i hurry and try to get to the street. At this moment jeff sees me and says something that gave me the idea that l saw something he didnt want me to see. he runs at me and starts grabbing trying to pull me back. Im fighting back trying to make my way onto the street so someone will notice or perhaps i can push jeff into the path of a moving car. We are still fighting. I break away and run down the right hand side of the road and hes close behind. We get to an intersection with a stoplight and I see an ambulance with a lady in the back seat. It says community hospital in a wispy font on the ambulance. He talkles me from behind and im screaming: HELP HELP THIS GUYS TRYING TO KILL ME! And she has this eerie smile on her face the whole time. He takles me to the ground and the lady comes out of the car (still smiling) with her smartphone out videotaping me and has a nice chat with Jeff. They were saying something that i understood as: oh its this again? Yeah second time this week. I end up back at the church (its night now) and he forces me to sit inside the car full of gas. I wake up inside in a car. I dont know who was driving or in the passenger seat but the chick from once upon a time in hollywood is sitting next to me, and it isnt margot robbie either (the manson family chick that wanted to fuck brad cliff) she reacts as if i asked her where am i, and responds as if someone said something stupid, but not with words but with a haughty facial expression and a sharp exhale through the nose, like the Something i said so stupid that it didnt even deserve an answer. I get out the car and sprint down the road. I get a sensation of knowing where i am. I dont want to continue the road ahead because i know its  very sparce and jeff could easily kidnap me again. the "other" road (i couldnt see a road but i knew a road was there) has people and is densly populated and more importantly.....the way home