It started off on a hot rooftop in France me and a bunch of other soldiers are being airdropped in to clear some buildings, they appear normal apart from the fact that when we open the door expecting to see a normal doorway all we see is darkness. We slowly make our way through, the stench of corpses burning our nostrils. Someone at the back gets scared and runs this causes everyone else to start running, we sprint down the corridor into a room. Bunk beds everywhere and in those bunk beds are corpses but not the normal kind, you’d know what they look like if you’ve seen the photos of people overcome by radiation burns, their flesh was hanging off their faces rotted. slowly they start to get up. suddenly the room is filled knee high with blood the room erupts into chaos with gunfire from everywhere soldiers getting their arms ripped off and I get my face ripped off I scream trying to run out but I get caught. It isn’t by a skinless thing it’s by a little boy who takes me into a crawl space, we descend abnormally far down into a library. It isn’t one of those old musty ones though, the floor is white and the lights are also white it had a dentists chair with a bunch of surgical tools on a table next to it. The boy tells me too sit so I do, slowly a dark mass appears to manifest in the corner it slowly becoming clearer, it’s a large humanoid creature made of screaming dogs stitched together. I can suddenly run, I get up and sprint, I sprint down what feels to be endless hallways of library shelves and finally I find it, the crawl space. As I grab it I’m suddenly up on the darker floors I run down the corridor not hearing screams anymore as I pass the room, I finally see the light and as I get through the door, I’m in the jungle the left over soldiers gathered around. my face still gone. They talk about how the jungle isn’t a place for men. then one of them tells me how some men went insane, how they couldn’t handle it. So we’re trying to make it out, just walking along the bank of this river until we see in the tree Line the lost soldiers who went insane, they start howling and screaming bows in hand, covered in blood they come charging i dive into the river right at the time where the men are all killed, I swim for my life grabbing dirt and leaves for camouflage eventually I find a weird air pocket in the side of the river made of sheer white concrete. I rest for a bit until I see bill Murray in my head he’s in a suit and looking for me He’s surrounded by the lost soldiers as they stalk along the river. Suddenly one of them looks down and at that moment I knew he could see me through the grass I saw him aim his bow down and fire suddenly an arrow pierces my body I can see though my vision normally again I scream and fall out of the little air pocket u see the bank back out into the river they all see me and grab me assuming I’m dead the arrow from my collarbone to my hip. They lay me on a rock and as bill Murray looks away I jump back into the river and down stream I hear him call the police to “come and get me”( he’s the mayor of the town and doesn’t want this secret getting out) so the cops come speeding down the river On a Boat I hide as they barely miss me I keep going noticing the water change I’m colour to a lighter blue, if only I can get to the beach and get help before bill can spread lies. I finally make it only to see the soldiers and bill Murray lined up along the beach waiting for me. No one else in sight he tells me that we’re gonna take a boat ride then he ties me up and put me on a small skiff. We both head out he talks about some nonsense something about liberty. Until he stops I look down at the ocean seeing only black he gets up grabbing me and dropping me I descend unable to move, I turn my body and look down only to see a gaping mouth (if you want to know what it looks like search up Charybdis) I struggle unable to most as it gets closer and closer whilst the ocean get blacker and blacker unable to move I give up being devoured by this creature of the deep.