So, I need someone to explain this to me. Some context, I'm a 15 year old, I had a gf for 2 years, and I yesterday I repaired a computer and his monitor was actually broken (I carried this PC a lot). This thing isn't so NSFW, but it has some strange things happening. So, I woke up in the dream, I don't know exactly when, It's like I was dreaming 2 different things at the same time. I was with a friend in a big meeting, i was standing down, and a guy looking like Gary Vee started talking about computer science. After the meeting, I was with a friend, in the same room, and I suddenly saw most o my sport teachers. Then, this guy looking like Gary Vee came to me and one of my friend, that's actually really good at computer science, and my friend started talking about some color system we use in our school. The good part starts now. I went to my grandma, to pick up the broken computer that was somehow supposed to be repaired. At the same time, but somehow before this, I was at a party with a bunch of kids, and some random 5 yr old girl just came to me asking something and eating napkins, like 4 times. Then, I was in my grandma house. I entered the house, and the room where my grandma and grandpa stay was empty, except for a girl. She was kind of the most attractive, but it had something more, like she was a god, like she was beyond her looks, beyond everything, everything she said was like she could see all the futures possible and she picked the one that made me the happiest. So, I went to talk to her, idk what happened, but she was sitting down, and she was like "Don't act like your so masculine and strong", and I felt like, idk, mixed emotions, and I asked her "Why are you here? How can my grandparents have room for you?" then she told me "You don't know?" I freaking knew it, I saw everything, my grandma died, I went to the kitchen, my mother was there with her brother, she actually took me to kitchen, that girl, and my grandpa.. his skin was blue, his eyes were blue and he looked like he was dying, but he was moving, he had his eyes open. I told him smth about my childhood, but my mother told me that he doesn't remember anything. I went back to the room where this girl was with the PC in my hands. I was searching for a monitor in all my grandma electronics, but I found nothing. You know, how guys think when they really like somebody and they're alone, but, this time, I didn't want everything, I haven't realised that such a perfect women was near me, and everything that she done was beyond reality. The way she was talking, she wasn't sexy, no, but everything that she said was perfect. The good things, the bad things, she said them in a way that lead to the happiest outcome, like she knew that after she said this everything will be perfect. She also looked smth like what my brain actually finds atractive since I was a child. So, while I was searching for a monitor, she came, idk what she said, then I freaking kissed her, but, it felt like it was 100% normal, and we started kissing, and all I was thinking was like "this perfect women, or my girlfriend", but it felt so normal that I couldn't resist. I didn't think 1 second about sex, but her moves were somehow sexual. AND SUDDENLY, somebody knocked at the door.  A group of guys, mexican, latinos, punk girls, one blonde guy, and a guy I saw on facebook a long time ago looking for some attention, waere in front of me. The guy I've seen on facebook asked me to suck his dick. I heard the girl behind me "not again, not you", he said that if I wouldn't do it I'd die. I tried to fight, to kick him in the balls, but it was like they were made of rubber. And suddenly, behind their back, some dude ran, and they were after him. I was a spectator. I saw how they tortured him, telling him to suck this guys dick, they we're all heading to my grandma exit door to her yard. I went there too.. I looked back, that girl was near some wizard, she was standing with her back at me, and they just flied in the sky. Meanwhile, a whole funeral procession was made for that guy, and it was getting bigger. After that, I was naked, I only had a t-shirt on me, in the middle of my city, but no one cared. I tried calling my girlfriend, but sometimes she wasn't responding, sometimes I had her phone instead of mine. After all of that, I went on a Christmas tree on a paid road (a road that I needed to pay to drive on" and a lot of drivers saw me naked, and I destroyed a lot of things. After, I met with a nurse from my city, that I knew because everytime when I was going to my gf (in real life), I was meeting up randomly with her. (she is one of my mom friends). She told me about online school and how she couldn't use zoom. What the fuck had I just dreamed? What the fuck is this? I feel like I met the best girl ever, not the best, the most perfect, beyond perfect, but wtf were those mexicans doing that shit.