So me, you, and a bunch of people neither of us knew, they were random people but in the dream we knew them i guess. we went exploring like old abandoned buildings together & we would go and film us exploring. we were all inside and we split up because of how big the building was. me, you, and this other couple split up from the group and went into the basement. it was dark, kinda flooded to our ankles, and there were so many doors. like the doors were overwhelming. anyways, we heard like a witch from left for dead crying. the other couple wanted to go see what it was but you like hell no. so they went on their own & we went back on our own. on the way back we could hear grinding like crunching noises coming from behind us, literally sounds like someone us eating is flesh & bones. so we started running towards upstairs but the basement was so dark and long hallways with steel rusty metal doors just down the halls, we found the stairs and started to run up but i fucking fell and my vans got caught in between the stairs, and i saw it again. the same thing i saw in my dream 2 years ago during sleep paralysis, i remember telling you, the thing that came in the front door and walked up the stairs and stood outside my mums door for me, that thing was back in my dream. it stared at me as you tried to rip me out of the stair my food was in, and it purposely moved slow bc it knew it had the speed to rip out ribcages open right then and there. you could fucking feel how cold this room was like i felt that shit & you could smell fucking death. didn’t know what died, but something did. my nose burned. but i got unstuck & we ran to main entrance of the building and met up with the rest of our friends. they were silent, completely frozen and scared, they saw something they didn’t want to see and don’t wanna ever repeat what they saw. the one couple never came back but we had to leave or else we’d all die in there. when we came outside, there was a child’s bike laying down in the dirt. it wasn’t there before, i decided to take it and ride it idk why, to make the exploring easier. everyone went back home to chill out and figure out wtf we just witnessed. me and you went to my grandparents house, and then 2 SUVs and a golden truck pulled up outside. they just waited and took pictures of my house. my pap went down and said “can i help you guys out?” and the two SUVs took off up the road and the dude in the golden truck stopped and said to my pap “we’re not out to get you. we don’t want you. we want something else in that house” and he flew off in the truck. my pap got scared regardless and loaded all the guns & watched the house. i told them we had exploring stuff to do, and we left. while we were driving, the black SUV was in your rear mirror and even tho you didn’t know what was said between that one dude and my pap, you still felt that something was off about that car. Wasn’t long until after that, they hit us and they hit my side and everything went cold and black and i couldn’t breathe and i tried to yell your name and when i said your name one of the dudes from the SUV said “you’ll see him later”. and then i woke up, on a cold ass steel like operating table and there was tubes everywhere. i was cold and i was scared, and i kept crying like my cheeks were wet i actually crying for real, i kept yelling for you and eventually a guy came in. He said i stole the bike, when i thought the bike was just abandoned. idk why this bike held so much significant value but it did and me taking it brought me here. i told them it was just a kids bike they can have it, i thought the bike was abandoned too bc of where it was. they didn’t say anything more to me, they put my head back on the table and held my jaw open with their nasty ass hands and looked at my fucking teeth. the guy shook his head, and walked into another room. i started shaking and trying to get out but i couldn’t because the restraints. the dude started watching me struggle and was laughing as he came back in. he said “just don’t forget to breathe or this really will be your last breath” i started panicking and then he grabbed one of the surgical tubes & used his hands again to pull my upper jaw back and my lower jaw down, and then he just shoved the plastic tube down my throat w no anesthetic. there was a little screen i could see so i could see where the tube was going on my throat and all i could see was just blood. so much fucking blood i started gurgling on it and he hit me in the head and said to breathe or else i’ll die again. every breath got so fucking hard, like literally breathing through a microscopic coffee straw. i started choking on my blood because there was so much, so he took the tube out. but he left it halfway in so it was sticking out of my throat and it was so fucking mortifying and scary, i STILL kept trying to tell your name. as soon as i went to scream your name again, he caught my jaw and tightened his grip on it and used a tool to rip my teeth out. he ripped my fucking teeth out. but he did it so bad that he left a lot of broken tooth behind and he made me eat them. i couldn’t stop crying and the tube was still half way out my throat and walked out because his phone started ringing. idk how, but i managed to loosen up the restraints by pulling at them for so long and so hard. the building they took me to and did that at was the SAME BUILDING we explored.... i knew that because as soon as i escaped the room, i recognized the basement. that’s how the other two people we knew died. i figured that out it made sense. i kept running through the halls and i was throwing up blood, i wasn’t yelling your name though because they’d find me. i eventually got outside, and i was so weak and exhausted i just slammed the door shut and slouched against it and ripped the tube out of my throat so i could breathe. my teeth were fucked up but i yelled for you and walked towards the road we took to get here. i kept walking and walking it felt so long but eventually i saw YOUR CAR. i got so happy i ran up to your car and put my hands on the window to look for you. you were passed out and i screamed bloody murder because i thought they killed you like the rest. but my scream woke you up and you started crying when you saw me and you got out of the car & came to me and wrapped your arms around me. i asked why you parked there and sleeping in your car. you said they found you too, but you had a gut feeling i was still alive you just KNEW i wasn’t dead & knew this would be the place to look for me. you slept in your car there for days looking for me. you put me in the car and cleaned me up and i couldn’t stop crying. we started driving away and... this is the scariest part of the dream. I put my hands on your cheeks and looked you right in the eyes and I told you, “Drew I’m dreaming” you said what? I said “I’m dreaming, this is a dream Drew, help me” and you looked so confused and you were like “Kar you’re fine, you’re with me now, like dude you’re okay” I said “No no no, you don’t understand, I’m scared Drew i need to go back, to my body, I need to get up” You looked confused still but the more I kept telling you that, the more you understood so I knew you knew. I told you “I’m scared, I’m in pain, take me back, you need to get me back to my body, to my bed, I don’t want to be here anymore Drew wake me up, wake me up” And I took my hands off your cheeks, and you were stilling looking at me and just nodded your head and I woke up doing that crying whining thing i do in my sleep when i’m screaming in my sleep bc when i finally woke up, i woke myself up to doing that.