I had a dream last night about a movie that I saw with my friends and in my dream I was positive that I knew the movie, what characters were in the movie and where it took place. But that movie doesn’t exist. Anyway I start on earth and I’m fighting in a war it seems like. I eventually die and I wake up in a desert place with a huge tent that I’m walking towards and when I arrived there I walked in and someone said what’s your book number and I said #0937 out of no where and they questioned if my name was AJ (not my name) and I said yes, so they let me in and everyone that I had known was in this tent except for one person, my best friend. so I yelled out “has anyone seen #0378?” Which was his book number. And no one said anything. They were sitting in a circle and someone had me walk around the circle as in a greeting or something and I sat down by people I had actually known for the past couple of years When I sat down I realized that I had a compass in my hand and I looked at it and I passed out for some reason and I saw a cockroach eating a bunch of mosquitoes (don’t ask because i have no idea) and when the cockroach finally ate all of them I randomly said “was that the over pass?” And I woke up and everyone was gone except for me. I walked out of the tent and there was someone there to explain what was happening. I asked what was happening and the solar eclipse was happening but the moon was a lot smaller than the sun (from where ever I was). And there was a big storm coming through and it came my way and my best friend came out if the tent and said to come with him. He led me to a tower and it was very rusty and broken. So we started climbing and we eventually got to the top where a trap door was and we climbed through. Then we heard 2 girls talking at the same time (like the shining but different people) in a room that was down the hall. That when I said “oh yeah this is the movie me and my friend saw but it was at midnight so we didn’t finish the movie until 3 am” which happened in real life and it was with infinity war. Right as we were going into the room I woke up. I was so confident that the movie existed that I looked up every top movies of 2019 and 2018 to see if the movie I “watched” and knew existed and it doesn’t but I still think it does. There were a lot more details but It would be like reading a book. Sorry if this was difficult to read/understand because I’m not good at writing stuff down.