Had another strange detailed dream last night. I dreamed that I, along with this kid Louie who always looked up to me as his unofficial big brother (and who I love as the little brother I never had), and my friend Caitlyn (also my unofficial sister) were sucked into a couple of old TV sets. Caitlyn ended up in a dungeon with an imprisoned, dethroned, disgraced king, guarded by a djinn. Louie and I ended up in a forest with tall trees. In front of one of the trees, there was a white-haired woman sweeping the ground. In that tree was a door, like a cathedral door. She opened it and invited us in and said she’d been waiting for us. We were skeptical at first and asked how we would fit inside a tree. To our surprise, the inside was beautiful and majestic like Notre Dame. Stained glass and candles everywhere. And it wasn’t round, it was rectangular. The pillars that flanked the rows of pews were made of MORE trees. She led us through another door and we entered a room with an Olympic-sized pool. She told us to step in. Louie and I ascended the steps together and waded into the pool together. The steps kept on going until the water reached chest level. I took a deep breath and prepared to plunge. To my surprise and confusion, it felt like air. Like I wasn’t even underwater at all! I could even breathe! The strangest thing was that Louie was nowhere to be seen even though we took the plunge together. I was all alone walking on the bottom of that 6-foot deep pool. At the other end of the pool were steps identical to the steps on the other end. In front of the steps was a mirror. In the mirror, I saw my reflection. I had no glasses (but I could feel them when I reached up to touch them), was wearing chain mail, and over the chain mail a green tunic with a gold lion (Sir Tristan’s standard). I also had on a sword belt with an empty scabbard hanging on it. I looked down and saw I was still wearing my own modern clothes. I looked in the mirror again and saw that I was not alone. Beside me was a fierce-looking redheaded dwarf in a red tunic and chain mail. He looked like he could chop his enemies to bits on the battlefield but also like a guy you could order ale and drink at a tavern with and exchange jokes, stories, and songs. I looked beside me and he wasn’t there. But he was in the mirror. I touched the glass and I slipped through like it was liquid. I came out on the other side and ascended the steps. Once out of the pool, I saw Louie already dressed in medieval outfit with a red-and-white striped tunic (Sir Lancelot’s colors and crest). His sword was already sheathed and he was ready to go. The woman we saw earlier was also standing there, arms outstretched, my sword in her hands. I take it from her and sheath it. Louie and I exchange stories and he said that he experienced the same thing (and accused me of abandoning him). But he said that the dwarf standing beside him in the mirror was decked all in black like a villain. Then the woman told us to go and said we had a king and a sister to save.