This is my first post ever. Please excuse any mistakes, I'm not perfect. I had this dream last night. I was with a group of random people. We were at some random house. It felt like the zombie apocalypse or something. But there weren't any zombies or anything. It seemed kinda peaceful but didn't feel like any danger was around. Just setting up camp basically in this huge house. A stranger approached us seeking shelter. He was wearing a grey hoodie with a jacket on top. I noticed that outside were a bunch of boxes and told everyone I was going to go see what's inside to find anything useful. The grey hoodie man said he would join me. There were a couple of locked boxes and went to see if anyone had some bolt cutters to open them. Next thing I know I was feeling sleepy. So we decided to go inside and crash. The hoodie man was on the couch in front of me and as my eyes darkened, all I could see was him fading out. I then woke up and he was gone. Glass started shattering and I realized he had betrayed us. We were surrounded by random people breaking in and hunting us down. Anyone who tried to escape was killed. I managed to get outside but couldn't escape and passed out by a chair. The next morning was a beautiful day. I couldn't move, I felt drained. They people had killed everyone and took over. They were acting like normal people, gathered together like nothing was wrong. Coming outside on the deck and just talking and laughing. A girl came by me and said something but I cant recall what she said. I asked why they did this. She replied something like the world is evil and nobody is friendly. I exclaimed that we helped their friend and gave him shelter. We were kind and helpful. She just laughed. I cant recall what else was said, but I felt anger and hatred. I found a knife close by and killed her and the hoodie man before escaping. It looked like dark weather outside as I was running. I found and old church and thought supplies might be inside so I went to check it out. I noticed a nicely dressed man who seemed to be following me. He had the ability to fly. And I then realized I could do the same. He was constantly talking and blathering on but I cant recall what he was talking about either. I was hiding in a tree by the church when all the sudden he was there too. Tried pulling me down, but I pushed him and he flew to the top of the church. I flew and did the same to question him. Another larger man appeared and was on his side. I still had the knife and tried to fight off both men. I stabbed the man following me several times but lost the knife somehow. It was like nothing affected him. I managed to get inside, and so did they, but it didn't look like a normal church. It was like a bar or something, but inside the church. It was like I had some kind of dark powers that I just realized I had. And a small battle ensued. We talked for a bit and then sirens started going off. There was like an intense wind or some kind of attack. It was ripping the walls off the church. I could see houses and the entire area being completely ripped apart and demolished. Nothing stood except the roof and pillars. There were trucks and vehicles scattered in what now looked like a wasteland. I was staring off thinking I was the last person alive and had no clue what happened. The ground started rumbling when a giant creature that looked like the clover monster, but not exactly the same came running and jumped over the roof. A large craft came from the sky and the creator jumped on one of the legs of the craft. It looked down at the destruction as the craft was slowly flying away. The creature could talk. As the craft left, it said "cool, but tragic" and disappeared. I then woke up from my dreams, in a state of confusion. I have no idea what it was about or if it meant anything at all. Just has me wondering. I remember some more slight details, but wasn't sure if it was necessary to include or not. I wanted to write this post before I forgot everything. I use to have the strangest and vivid dreams as a kid. I dont dream as much anymore. So it was weird for this dream to come out of nowhere.