My dream started off innocently enough. I was getting to know someone over the phone who I had met on a dating app (a guy that actually is one of my matches in real life), and we had talked about meeting each other, but I always kept finding an excuse for why I couldn't meet with him. He decided to take matters into his own hands and drove several hours from his home to meet me. Before he arrived, I received a phone call from him to let me know he was coming to surprise me. This sent me on a frenzy to lock my front door just as he was arriving, which I had to close in two parts, and which I was hesitant to do. I was torn between either letting him down or doing what I felt in my heart I should do because I wasn't ready for a relationship yet. I closed the bottom part of the white door (which is similar to the one in my actual house, except it's not split in  the pieces) first, when he arrived and parked on the street, and noticed I was doing so. I started panicking and walked away from the door, wondering if I was doing the right thing, at which moment he saw me closing the door on him and seemed disappointed and very sad. I noticed an old set TV at that moment, which had static on it, and ran back to the front door to close the top part. Although I found my potential suitor cute, I decided I wasn't ready and noticed an American flag waving on my front porch. He looked away from what I was doing and seemed very sad, but again I decided I wasn't ready for a relationship, so I slowly closed the top part of the white door but locked it extremely quickly as he walked up the stairs to my house. He sat on the front porch waiting for me, called me out by name, and told me he wanted to see me and wouldn't  be leaving. He actually waited for me, and in the meantime, began to mow the lawn. I noticed daisies and lavender tulips scattered on a section of my lawn and felt he had nothing but the best intentions for me. As he mowed the lawn, he accidentally mowed over two daisies at which point, my dad appeared and told my potential suitor that he didn't like when my suitor cut the flowers (my dad is very stern and critical in real life, and expects things done in certain ways), and my suitor told him he knew and that he would be more careful next time. My heart was beating very fast as I wondered if I was doing the right thing, and he continued waiting for me patiently. I then woke up.