Its morning out, suns barely rising and Im on a cargo boat in what looks to be the long beach port. The boat is very low to the water and has the balance of a canoe or paddelboard. Its about the size of a large yacht. There's no buildings or rooms on the boat, its practically a large wooden pad. The people there were Ian Freed, Morgan(I explain later), Bob Cabeza, and some other people I never caught there names but I think they were kids from the YMCA. Morgan is a fictional character and his looks seemed to be based off of Ian and McLovin (from Superbad). He's not nerdy really and I dont really know what hes doing on the boat. He looks like hes supposed to be doing something but idk what. So I talk to Morgan about the film "Donnie Darko" as he replies with that he liked that movie, you ever seen it? Which is odd because if you talk to someone about a movie you'd expect them to have watched it. Anyways, as I respond with no I havent, but I know about alot if movies I havent watched. Which is true, I watch reviews and clips of movies that seem interesting. But since I dont have access to any those films since I use netflix, I cant watch them. Morgan doesnt reply. I then start talking to him about how the world seems to be spinning real fast as I look out at the dock only to find that its turned into grassy hills. The clouds in the sky are moving very fast and it seems like the world is curved towards the sky on my left hand side. While the right looks like its normal. At this point in my dream we start to set sail. Now Im technically not supposed to be on this boat, its only for trained people and idk what Im doing on the boat. Oh I almost forgot, the boat is red and the exterior is made out of rusty metal paneling while the floor is bright, clean birch planks. Anyways, we're setting sail and when the boat detaches from the dock it shakes, then it detaches again and also shakes. Everyone on the boat are sitting down, legs forward, straight up torso, holding on with one arm wrapped around the railing. Which is also rusty, like the exterior panneling of the boat. The boat starts taking off pretty fast and makes a sharp turn to get out of the dock. I hold on tight but Morgan almost flies off of the boat. He holds on though. The boat is still trying to get out of the dock and me and Morgan have adjusted to the speed of the boat. Although, the boat starts to turn this one corner and Morgan hops off the boat and onto another wooden platform. Someone tells me that Bob (the captain) doesnt want untrianed people. So I get off, now the boat is still moving when this happens. So I hop off the boat and into a rinky dink canoe. Plastic, its yellow. I use it to paddle over to the platform that Morgan was on. The platform Morgan had landed on also stood there Mrs. Soarez who is the mother of my friend Joey Soarez who isnt in this dream. I know her as loving, fun, and caring person with a slightly sarchastic attitude. She calls out to me to get to the platform quick. And that I should be careful about the shark cottonmouth. I quickly try to paddle to her platform but the ladders make it really hard to climb on. And so I circle around the platform. And then cottonmouth starts chasing me. Now, cottonmouth has scars littered among his body, hes also blind in one eye. Then another shark comes chasing me. Randomly my perspective switches to a 3rd person of Mrs Soarez and a 4 text options hover over the new shark thats chasing. Shes wondering what happened to the shark as its teeth are missing. The text option that is chosen is "I was trying to concentrate too hard". This makes Mrs Soarez worried. So I paddle around I am finally able to get on the platform. I start to think that maybe a meglodon ate the sharks teeth or something. In the dream I  imagine a meglodon swooping out of nowhere and eating the platform, us, and the sharks whole. I throw away the idea although. Then I get afraind that the platform Im standing on wont be enough between me and the sharks. So I climb on a wooden support beam and try to jump the platform over. Im afraid because I think that the shark is gonna jump out of the water and eat me. I jump to the next platform and all I can remember of what the platform looked like was quartz blocks and shrubs. It looked like it wad made from minecraft. I play minecraft alot with my friends and is easily my most played game. And thats it, thats where my dream ends.