in the same familar dream scape ive encounterd a few times full of mystery yet a sort of comfort knowing where i was, but the people here were new? did i know them? do they know me? i wondered if this was the first we talked it seemed like it in the dream but something about everyone was familiar, but i cant seem to recall anyones names. we would all talk for hours on top of the appartment we lived in, but i noticed i could hear & react in my dreams but to talk id have to slip between dreaming & being awake id catch myself saying things to my pillow when i was half awake then effortlessly id be back into the converstaion it seemed wierd yet so natural we all hungout went on adventrous around the city, in the airport, downtown, in the hotell parkade & the bridges that connect or little land mass all of it felt as real as it wasent but this wasent the first time i was in this same dreamscape, but the defining thing that tethered me to reality was the constant floating i could never ground myself to the dream world for to long maybe its cause im so connected to reality even in a dream, id float above eveyone almost all the time we went out painting & i remember being up in the air trying to land so i could be closer to eveyone, is it wierd i miss them? are these people apart of me or did i really encounter sperate entaties there? i cant be for certan but i am certan there was love lots of love between all of us there & was this girl i cant remember her name but i remember her face(she was close to my hight a little smaller, had long dark browish back hair with eyes to match she had a smile and laugh that would warm my heart)she was someone i dont think ive ever meet before atleast that i can recall, we shared laughs and love, we would lay under the stars & just admire them as if we where looking at eachother it was simple and pure it was a almost our little slice of heaven that was ours to inhabit and explore to our hearts content together. towards the later part of my dream what felt like real days have passed, i awoke on a train in a small town with a name i cant remember but is on the tip of my tounge, the train left the box car i was in at the station, i ran around asking for help but these people dident quite understand me, either a language barrier or perhaps i fell into a deeper dreamscape & my way of communicating with others was ineffective here, & in a wierd moment i called my mom worried that id never make it back to where i was suppost to go, no answer i kept crying & i ran around slowly noticing my body feeling lighter and lighter as i kept moveing up eventually floating away in awe looking at a landscape that was open fields with giant vallys running through, at somepoint im not sure when i awoke at the airport & this lady at the desk informed me i indeed made it back but had no idea of the place i was trying to explain, eventually i made my way though the downtown to the bottom of our island (if you can call it that) back to the appartment looking for my friends and the girl i meet, it seemed really wierd this time around i kept floating never fully makeing it to the ground, the rest of the dream is a bit fuzzy cause i woke up abruptly but i faintly remember seeing the girl and looking into her eyes one last time before i floated away out of my dreamscape. i wonder if ill be back in the same place one day, will the people be different next time around? is it wierd i miss them? that i... miss her..