So it was a weird dream, I don't usually share my dreams but there's something about this one that made me want to. It was a dream of afterlife, but it didn't have a supernatural feeling about it, more of the everyday processes of how afterlife works. I was a soul in between lives, sort of like between incarnations. I didn't have a shape or form exactly, but rather a collection of memories from the lives I lived (a man who abused his wife and child; a woman, school teacher back in 1940s; a young girl playing with her friends; etc). I was sort of just floating in space, waiting for my next incarnation, and there was a specific place to go for it, sort of like a tunnel you had to enter to begin your next life. There was a barrier at the entrance of that tunnel, and if it didn't open upon your approach, that meant the soul has lived all of its allowed lives and it was now going to be dissolved. If the barrier didn't open, the soul got taken into a nearby room/tunnel out of sight of the other souls and while we didn't see it happen, we knew the souls were taken there to be dismissed from existence. And I have that imagine in my head of me coming up to a barrier multiple times, the barrier opening and me starting my next life, then me being back where I started, the barrier again, etc. And then in the dream I was waiting to get into that tunnel next to a brand new soul, who has never done that before, and I felt that it was really nervous. I communicated that there's nothing to worry about, it will come up to a barrier, it will open and a new life will start. Until eventually it doesn't open, but that won't happen for a while. The soul was grateful, it felt calmer and went through the barrier much reassured. Then I come up to the barrier next, and suddenly it doesn't open. I know somehow that it is because I told about how it works to another soul, I was not meant to do that for some reason. So i get sucked into that nearby room/tunnel where the dissolving happens, and I stand in front of that bright light that's about to wipe me out and I contemplate how would it be to not exist. Not scared exactly, more like regret. I wanted to live more, I didn't feel ready, but I knew it wouldn't hurt and part of me will become parts of some other souls eventually. But then suddenly I get taken away from that place, led past the light towards a small passage in the corner that leads me through the dark narrow corridor to a big place that looks like a mix between a library and a flower shop. Big, bright, spacious, with lots of bookshelves and plant shelves everywhere. There are a lot of people there, old and young, and I realise I now have a human shape too. I walk between the shelves and I recognise some of the names on the books - the authors who dies long ago, and also the authors themselves among the people in the room. I find a young woman in the corner of the room, who sits without doing anything, unlike the others who all seem busy reading, talking or caring for the plants. We talk and I find out this is the place where souls go to become teachers. They will not return to earth in the same sense as before, but they will not be dissolved either. We weren't sure what exactly happens next, but we knew it was the next stage somehow