I started this dream in like a business room but I didn’t know any of the people around the table. At least I didn’t recognize them. There was a shadow of a person in the corner of the room. I looked over at it and it just appeared behind me and put its hands on my shoulders and was gone. Then there was a gun on the table.. and then was in my hand. I didn’t pick it up it just appeared... I was stuck. I don’t know if I just couldn’t control myself or if a part of me let myself do it but I shot everyone else in the room... killed them. Then I got up and walked out of the door and I was in a Rv. The one my great uncle and aunt had when I was little. Everyone I ever cared about appeared... one by one in places and I killed them... I particularly remember my best friend. She appeared sitting on the couch and I looked her in the eyes and shot her..... killed her. There wasn’t noise. It was nothingness. After I killed my best friend everyone I’d ever cared about was gone... no bodies but I knew they where gone. And I had control of my body again... and I put the gun up and I could feel the cold metal against my temple and I shot myself. I didn’t even hear a bang just black. And then everything was white. And I was standing in front of a sink with a mirror. I didn’t look around but it felt like everything around me was just mist. I looked in the mirror and saw where I shot myself was an round orange tag like a plug in my head with a number on it. I couldn’t read the number. But as I really realized what I did I started crying into the sink and looked in the mirror as every good thing that had ever happened to be flashed before my eyes. My mom, my dad, my brother, my friends, everything. It just got bigger and bigger until I only saw those memories. It was blinding. Then I woke up sobbing in my room.... I didn’t sleep the next night because it really felt like I killed myself... I just want anyone who wasn’t in that dream to know about it... because I never told anyone that I killed them in it or that it happened.