So, dreams. Dreams are very interesting and even unexplainable. But, recently I have been having some dreams that, I have no idea what is even happening. Alright, to set the stage for you real quick I just had a series of these dreams in a span of what, 45 mins to an hour. I am 14 years old and I really just want some help or an explanation for this. Now, these dreams are weird. For example I go to bed and I guess know that I’m going to have them. When I am in them it’s like I’m lucid dreaming but, it’s lucid dreaming in a dream. ( I know I’m saying “dream a lot). When I am in the deep sleep I obviously don’t have feelings so I know I am in a dream, which is where the lucid dreaming part comes in, but why now. You see I have been a normal sleeper my entire life. Sure, I’ve had lucid dreams before but not like these. In these, I have been getting them almost every night for the last week. If you want more info of what these dreams are like I’ll tell you. When I close my eyes I see this other world and then wake up in my bedroom, but it’s not. It’s altered in some way in which I know that it’s not real. But when I squeeze my eyes really hard, I feel a tingle feeling and then wake up. Again. When I wake up it’s basically the same dream just, the rooms a little more altered. I can think whatever I want and it will appear but with the blink or even simple close of an eye, the thing, person, or setting, is gone. Now, these have been happening of course over the span of a week and I have been trying to figure it out but have no explanations. Maybe it’s stress or maybe it’s fear? When i wake up it is very hard. The harder I try to open my eyes, the more I want to fall asleep. And that brings me here. I have no idea to as what is going on and I need your help to figure it out. If you know anything of this or have heard of it let me know because right now I am looking for some answers. But why do I ask this. It’s mostly because this has never happened to me and I am honestly getting a little freaked out about this. No, I’m not scared of being killed from this dream ( because it’s a dream), but maybe it’s a premonition of something to come. Or maybe it’s just me worrying about school and tests. I have no explanation but I want your answers to why this is happening. Thanks, and goodnight.