This dream is somewhat split into 2. I went to bed around 3:40am and i had this dream that there was an outbreak and I was in a yellow camaro with 3 other people I have never seen before. I remember I was driving and we got to this Railroad crossway. The train was passing by, so we had to stop and I realized that we were behind one of my friends I know in real life. She told me that her and her family were going 'Up North' and I was welcome to go along. Next thing you know the train is done passing by and im in this scenario where I have to make a decision really fast if i stay with the people in the car or go with the my friend and her family. I end up choosing my friend. We pass the railroad and take a left off the street we were on. Not even 5 seconds go by whenever It feels like I can't hear anything. I look behind me and see the street i was previously on was being bombed and shot up. It was filled with smoke so i couldn't see anyone on the street, but I could see flames and gun shots passing through the street. My next reaction was to just run, so thats what i did, I start running the opposite direction leaving my friend and her family. Once i had hit the end of the street, I see a HUGE line of trucks rushing towards me. On the side I could see people sticking out with AR's. My first reaction was to take a hard right and start running. As I did, I jumped over some barricade like a badass and woke up around 8am. The feeling whenever I woke up was terrifying, Everything in that dream felt so real and it gave me goosebumps. I was laying next to my dog and decided to go back to sleep, although I felt weird inside my body. This next dream started off the same, except I was walking with my best friend, who had crutches for some reason. Whenever I had to make the decision to leave with my friend or stay with my best friend, I stayed. I kept going forward on the same road, watching my friend take that left turn. The bombs went off again, except it had gotten the left side this time. I saw my friend and her family explode. It felt like I wasn't even close to dreaming this time. Right behind those explosions I see the same trucks driving towards me and my bestfriend, so we both started running. Next thing you know im inside my school hallway running with all these other kids from my school. I kept seeing others running the opposite way, towards the people shooting. I kept thinking 'what are they doing'. It felt like I couldnt feel my feet touch the ground whenever I ran and I was so much slower than everyone else. I look to my left and see my bestfriend, who's still on crutches, going as fast as I am. I distinctly remember seeing a kid who I used to go to school with on his knees in the halls. I tried picking him of the ground, but it looked like he'd just given up. I left him to die and kept running. We reached the end of the hall and went outside of the school. Once we walked out of that school, there were buses ready to pick people up. I look to my left to talk to my friend, but he was gone. I think it's because he was a car irl, so in my dream he ditched me and went straight for his car. The last think I can remember visually is getting on my bus, barely making it, and leaving. I woke up with my heart beating real fast and the fan blowing in my ear. The fan blowing into my ear reminded me of whenever I couldn't hear anything. Sorry this was a little long, there was actually a good amount I left out, I remember it so clearly and It keeps bothering me. Can't even playing modern warfare without it messing my head up. If someone does take the time to read this, Could yall help? lmao