OK, so it started with a view of the school from the front, and all of a sudden I'm one of the kids doing a game in school or something. It's where you have to run to the end before all of the other students, and the student that doesn't make it to the end on time gets pelted with balls. For some reason, the dream was animated in my head, and it was in 2D, with an anime style. The dream wasn't in color, and it had character styles that looked like they were drawn by some kind of art student, with a charcoal pencil, and the animation was sloppy. Anyway, I was that student, and I saw the balls coming straight towards me. When even one of the balls made contact with me, the very second it did, it cut to another strange dream. This one, I'm not even sure if it was in color or not. It probably wasn't, from what I can remember. This strange dream was in a very light gray room, with concrete. The dream showed a view of that, slowly panning upwards to show more of the room. Then it cut to a cart full of GUNS (mostly shotguns), and they all fell to the floor. The students picked them up and started shooting them for some reason. Not at each other, though. They were shooting them into the air and into empty hallways. They looked like Winchesters, not the lever-action ones, but the pump-action ones. Anyway, the room turned black, and now the room was in color. My classmates had disappeared, and there was a strange pattern on the wall. The creature was the grim reaper, and there was very weird music and sounds coming from all around me. I tried to run away, but to my right, there he was. I looked to my left, and there he was again! He was all around me. Since I like to alt-tab out of games, I decided to like... somehow alt-tab out of my dream game. It took around 3 minutes, then it showed my desktop. I was trying to close the game but to no avail. I opened task manager, which then took longer than expected, and tried to find the game. I didn't find it, but somehow I closed it??? Anyway, I thought that was a relief until I checked the game files, and now there was malicious code in it that wasn't there before. Such as strings saying something about them being innocent and non-harmful, but there was all kinds of malicious code in them. Such as things that would destroy your computer. When I looked more into the files, there was an ASCII version of Dio (or at least that's what it looked like to me). I sent screenshots to Reddit, and people came to try and help me out. They didn't tell me any useful info, so I opened the game impulsively and as soon as I realized what I did, I panicked. I wasn't supposed to open this game again. I tried closing as fast as I could, and it was just a still image of an untextured ceiling in an open cylinder shape. It was frozen. It finally closed, and I opened up a handy tool on DOSBOX. I think it was called FileShredder 2.13.4 or something, but it was helpful. I deleted some of the files permanently, but then they came back immediately after. I expected that, so I opened the game again for the second time, and had to face the game. So I opened the game and spawned inside a bathroom. It was animated again and I opened the bathroom door. The game shoved me back inside. I tried going back outside, and I asked if I could use the bathroom. They said "JUST BE QUICK!" to me. Somehow this worked. So I retreated from the bathroom and ended up inside some sort of purple room. There was a shoe that I had to reach somehow, and so I morphed into a ball and I went next to the shoe, and unmorphed. There was a hostage the game had taken. It looked like a girl. I threw the shoe at the back of the game's head, and it fell into the nothingness below. I was about to try to save the girl until on my screen there was screeching and a distorted (like a distortion twist effect lol) version of the game's face. It looked like some sort of vampire. When I was done with all of that, I dreamed of telling my mom about my dream. I told her everything, and then my mom woke me up in real life.