Okay... So at work tonight I was the last one there and I was cleaning up when out from underneath the counter comes a little baggie of drugs... Hmm right? There had only been one other person in the area since I last cleaned, my boss. She was the assistant when I was hired but less than a week ago was promoted to general manager. I should also add that her and I have become very good friends. I know about her past, as do most people who work with us, and she knows about mine, which most people do not. I had some suspicion, but she obviously handles herself well under the influence. Hence the recent promotion for her. What was I supposed to do? Well I picked it up and put it in my pocket. I was debating on whether or not to partake honestly. (Side note... I did) I was also debating if I should say anything to her... I mean what if it isn't hers and was lost somewhere underneath the counter for a hot minute? So I get home and about an hour and a half later she texts me asking for a ride. (Which I politely decline with valid reason) Now she currently doesn't have a car and another coworker gave her a ride tonight. Guess where she wants a ride? To our coworkers house... To check her car without her knowledge for "money she thinks she dropped." Now why wouldn't she just ask her for said money unless it isn't money she is looking for at all. Suspicion confirmed. My question is this: should I broach the subject with her? It could go so many ways... Denial, anger, drug buddy, etc. Or should I pretend it never happened. She has to be freaking out bc she lost it. Especially bc her boss comes into the restaurant on the regular. Would telling her I found it put her mind at ease or make her paranoid? Would she be upset that I did it? (It was a miniscule amount, maybe 10 bucks worth and she owes way more money than that) Would she try to find a reason to get me fired? Would she want to party? Do I really need to be partying again? (I wouldn't mind the occasional party night since my bestie got sober) What should I do?