I have zero tolerance because I like to smoke about every 3-4 months but when I do I'm not normal at all. You will honestly think I am on meth or K2. Non stop talking and made up words, weird noises with my mouth, flailing hands, rolling on the floor, shaking, and generally the complete opposite of being couch locked. From my perspective I love every second of it. Time stops, faces morph, distances collapse, I'll hear music when none is playing or see cats run by on the floor, the whole room will change and I'll be chilling on a front porch in the west, I've seen the grand canyon in a hole in my wall, I've flown over the mountains in Utah because of the wood grain on my floor, food tastes amazing, music sounds incredible, and I'll be able to finally understand things like how a golf cart tastes or what the emotion of green feels like. The craziest thing to happen yet was I was standing in my living room and the whole room began to get cloudy and bright when Hurt by Johnny cash started playing on my stereo. It connected that I was in heaven and at that moment I watched my grandmother who had passed away when I was a little kid walk through the door. I turned to my kitchen and I could see all my dead relatives in the kitchen talking and it looked like they were all making a meal together and having a good time. It was such a surreal moment but I was super happy and everything was very peaceful and quiet. I turned to look at my friend and everything faded back to the room when he asked what I saw. I've talked to many people who smoke often and they have no clue what I am talking about. I know something about my brain isn't normal because I'll get migraines with terrible auras but I have yet to find the cause even after years of studying it and going to treatment. The anti migraine medication doesn't work neither do pain killers like Vicodin. But I can mildly get high off things like saffron, Benadryl, and exercising. I know it's a lot to take in but it's sorta hard to chill with new people when they expect you to be chilling in a chair when really you'll be walking in circles going woop click bop and spinning your arms outlining the shapes you see in the air.