Due to a lack of information on this substance I decided to test out its psychedelic effects. I have taken it many times before, 2-2.5g, but it was always a body high and the only mental effects were increased sociability and intense euphoria. I decided to take 2.5g alone, in the dark, with earplugs in. I would also meditate and take Ginkgo Biloba, 400mg L-Theanine, and 20mg of Melatonin. I started out by taking all the supplements and getting the room ready. Once I was ready I laid down and started to meditate. I felt no different than normal meditation until 10 mins in. I was going deeper than usual and I felt my body slowly disappearing. I was not unfamiliar with this since I was able to get this experience through meditating with a cannabis edible, but this was higher energy if that makes sense. After a little longer my body began to buzz. All of my limbs were buzzing but at the same time I had no body. It was like the buzzing was energy in my limbs and I was able to feel the energy coming from them rather than the limb itself. The only thing keeping me grounded and aware I had a body was my breathing and heartbeat which seemed to be separate from me. Then I hit the peak of my experience. The normal lights seen when anyone close their eyes disappeared. Total blackness. My whole body was buzzing intensely and dark patterns started to appear in my vision. Soon my eyes began to open and even after forcing them shut again they refused to stay closed. After that I lied in bed and my mind started to flutter. I was contemplating everything that popped into my mind with extreme detail. I started to understand things about sexuality and peoples experience in modern society, mostly;y the hollowness of everything in the city. I then attempted to text my friend to tell him all this. I was still under the heavy effects of PEA so typing was impossible to do cleanly. I sent him over 100 messages of incoherent rambling. After I fully came down I reflected on my experience and decided that it was enlightening rather than fun like PEA usually is. I have determined that in terms of headspace, PEA can definitely be psychedelic in some ways. In terms of visuals, you wont see much but even if you do you couldn't keep your eyes shut long enough to see it. So in short Phenehthylamine is a legal nootropic drug that can aid in cognition and could even be a mild psychedelic.