I keep hearing people say “Xanax is hard to die from” “you have to mix other drugs to die from Xanax” and it scares me. Idk where people are learning this but it is absolutely 100% false. I’ve been in and out of rehab for the past 4 years of my life and have heavily abused any drug you could think of. I have overdosed 3 times, every single time was due to Xanax. Other than fentanyl, Xanax is the deadliest, most dangerous drug in the world. It is deadlier then meth and heroin for sure, if you factor out the variable of how you take the drugs, because injection can cause serious complications and usually is the reason people die from meth and H. I have done both meth and H (through smoking, never used needles) and it is nothing compared to the dangers Xanax can cause. I was heavily addicted to Xanax and even then with my tolerance to it, taking 7 BARS, and even 3 bars when I first started using (not small .5mg tablets) stopped my heart and gave me seizures. Many people have the same belief about Xanax, that it’s safe, but it is so wrong. I am posting this so people can become more educated on the dangers of Xanax from an addicts view. I am someone who has abused the hardest drugs and xans scare me. Xanax not only is an extremely dangerous drug that slows the respiratory system (slows your breathing and heart which can cause it to stop with too much of the drug), it takes away all fear and doubt and will make you do very dangerous and crazy things that will end up having you wake up in jail after your blackout is over. You will forget you even took xans and do other things such as mix alcohol which is a BIG NO NO, You will die no questions asked. I hope people see this and understand Xanax is not in any way a hard drug to die from. It is in fact easier to die from than most other street drugs. I have had a friend and two mutual friends die from benzodiazepine OD’s. The effect benzodiazepines have on the body will literally stop your breathing and your heart with even just a bar or two. Please take this seriously, as a person who has been through it all, I’ve seen this drug destroy people because of the misunderstanding that it’s hard to die from. Do not use Xanax and for those who have never done it, DO NOT TRY IT, it was harder to quit than meth and heroin, and the withdrawals gave me seizures. Yes, the withdrawals from the drug almost killed me. Xanax and other drugs in its class (benzodiazepines) are the only drugs that you can actually die from withdrawing from.  That’s how horrible this drug is. The withdrawal from meth and heroin will make you very sick, but can’t kill you. Don’t do Xans or anything related to the benzodiazepine drug class. I hope this can persuade someone to stop using, or to not use this drug.