This story starts at 13 I buy a Juul after moving to Cali to fit in at my new school in this new city. I get caught with it my first time when I'm suspended for (in my innocents) dropping my Juul outside the bathroom in front of a camera. my parents where relatively chill as they believe I'll deal with it with a therapist that they force me to see which didn't work for months at which point I was tired of it and put my foot down as all it was, was someone talking about dealing with my feelings and I had no trouble doing that ever I'm a very open person just one with bad self-control at the face of the social benefits that go with certain drugs. But then one day, Mark, the head of my middle school catches me with my phone oh nooooooo, this is relevant later when I get called into the office, however, and this will come in later. I have no clue why I'm there but I'm terrified 'cause I have Juul pods in my bag. This is where my problem really begins I got the pods the night before with this kid "mike" who I'm trying to keep away from this he took a picture of me with the bb gun and sent it to someone who didn't like me, who used it to say she was scared and get my bag searched. in there where the pods mike had asked me to buy from him. I didn't even have the Juul. I'm back in therapy which not only doesn't help but makes me resent dealing with my shit as i resented therapy now. I get caught twice more cause this kid ben and I was homies and he would buy ounces on ounces of weed and thousands of pods. My parents watched me start to go down but catch myself in time. I stayed clean and quit pretty much for good only getting a vape for like a week years later. I started going to a new private school after forcing the school to let me finish the year from home and recommend me plus clean my record. I'm clean till like mid-early 9th grade where I'm depressed cause I'm avoiding social interactions and parties cause everyone there smokes and I know I don't have the control bout me not smoke myself at that point. I'm socially isolated and the therapist my parents get me makes me feel like an addict and I decide why not act like one in an act of impulse and decide to smoke with this kid jake again. this time though I get this stizzy (weed) that I mostly only use it with my friends cause I liked the social benefits and being with people not having to worry or constantly think about self-control and not being the kid who doesn't go to parties or party at all in la. then I get caught with it like that week when I decide to use it at home and my dad looks through the bathroom window. my parents maybe due to all the addicts in my family, maybe cause of what happened to my friend, or maybe cause my mom is a shrink, send me to rehab after catching me vaping four times and smoking once. this was pointless, as a boy who grew up with a therapist mother, with coping mechanisms that were ingrained within me from birth and slammed in for years by therapy clearly this was not addiction it was social pressure that would subside with time but. they made a case that I was an addict and I spent a month at rehab where I was discharged cause the rehab specialists didn't think I needed it after this I went to summer camp and I was clean till the last week where these kids came with weed I was about to go home but had a fun week with them instead and left camp and didn't smoke all summer. this year I stayed clean for a month till I started losing friends again missing out on things getting isolated and one of my friends had another disposable this time a different friend but he gave me a good deal n I thought one time I got caught with that then got clean for 7 months and was tired of avoiding my friends when they had those tight bonds and shit and I started up again I got caught and my dad made me see his life coach. I was the first kid he had worked with. I told my dad this explaining that our first 3 calls he was clearly trying to identify and unwind bad habits I had built so I could live a better life but I didn't need that cause I am a child. I'm still building habits. furthermore, my actions don't always reflect how I feel as compared to adults. He said ur getting coached or rehab pre COVID. This caused me a great deal of emotional strain as I was tired and over this therapy stuff and I lashed out. when I stopped caring what my parents thought and had a vape and delivered to the house to give to a kid than I got to weed and got caught ordering that too. I stopped for a week than COVID hit and I was clean another after committed to getting my parents to trust me. but then I lost it again when this kid who tried getting me off the football team last year got ahold of a video of me smoking as well as one of me snorting crushed up sugar which at the time was taken by my friend cause we were trying to prank our other friend but somehow this kid gets it. He for some reason wanted to get me in trouble so he sent them to the head of the school. it wasn't on school grounds and COVID is going down so no actions where taken but it was a whole thing I told them they could order any test they wanted they could even have my hair but id never ever do coke. then I got bored I was unpacking a box and found some weed I had forgotten I packed away my parents caught me 2 days after that incident smoking and then last week with my last bit. then I waited another month smoked again and was just caught now recently yes I have been doing it stupidly cause I'm bored and lonely and miss my friends. I'm just a kid trying to fit in with the la crowd and i slip up some times a total of maybe 15 accounting of all my usage from 2017-2020 and I'm stuck. I'm in therapy at a standstill and i may go to rehab. what do i do? I'm sure this wasn't too easy to follow but please i just want to know... i have 2 As 3 Bs and 1 C better than last year, I'm a generally mentally ok person when it comes to dealing with stuff when given time but it seems the more I'm assisted the worse I am helped what do you guys think. am i an addict? if not what do i do