Hello everyone! This is my first post. Made this account specifically to ask for some knowledgeable opinions about what I've personally been struggling with. i had been doing cocaine for about 4 months pretty much everyday maybe taking a 1 day break here and there. Was never doing a ridiculous amount maybe 1-1.5 G max in a day and that was a lot in a day for me. ( Would like to say that before I started doing coke I was doing MDMA on and off all summer pretty frequently but not nearly to the extent I did coke ) I was having a great time but then I started noticing I would get really anxious and start focusing on my heart rate and would think I'm about to pass out. I would stop doing cocaine for the day but the feeling would always stay until I was finally able to sleep. Would wake up with brutal morning anxiety and seem to always need someone with me to keep me calm ( haven't done cocaine for about month and I still get anxiety here and there and can feel my heart rate but it fades away eventually ) did MDMA for 3 days at the end of all this and the day after i started getting this electric kind of pulse feeling through my whole body and whenever I would smoke weed it would amp right up. That was at the point when I had stopped everything coke, mdma and weed. The weird electric type pulse feeling I would get In my whole body finally went away slowly over the course of a week. But now I can't smoke weed without feeling my heart beat and getting bad anxiety don't have that electric pulse feeling anymore tho. ( take into account i was a HARDCORE pothead for years before could smoke insane amounts and not be insanely high ) however last time I smoked I thought my appendix was rupturing cause I was getting a very odd uncomfortable feeling in my side. Dr says it's just inflamation which I have no idea if that's truely what it is. and I nearly fainted at work from it started sweating profusely and got dizzy as all hell i literally thought I was about to die. So here I am wondering if I will ever be able to smoke weed again and also wondering what I could do to fix the situation with any supplements or therapy or anything really I'm open to ideas that's why I'm here. I'm really trying to get on the right path I don't want to do Coke/MDMA ever again and I know that I screwed up big time but i do want to be able to enjoy weed eventually because that was always a thing that would calm me down. Only thing I seem to be able to do is drink here and there but the next day I have brutal anxiety and NEED someone with me to reassure me that Im fine and to pretty much make sure I don't die cause I just Get really worried about my heart cause I can really feel it and my odd side pain that's about 3/10 on scale of pain it's mostly just very uncomfortable and it just seems to stick around when I'm high and then is there all day here and there. Have had my friends smart watch check my heartbeat in the middle of one of these episodes and they were all saying how my heart beat is just a little bit high nothing crazy I believe it was in the 100-110 BPM range. But  regardless of what i was told I would still really feel this  uncomfortable feeling in my right shoulder / chest area wasn't painful  just very uncomfortable pretty much the same way I'd feel of coke without the coke high it would get me really worked up and scared which never happened to me with anything prior to all this. sorry for such a long dragged out post but I could really use some advice or answers. Please ask any questions you have if you want more info I will answer everyone. Could really use help this is totally ruining my life and I feel really lost and worried.