Well yesterday a guy I know had a joint hes a regular smoker he said it was gassy I thought he was being weak I've had 32% stuff 3 4 times out of the maybe 20 times I've smoked no tolerance well this weed I got one hit I took a huge hit like the biggest I've ever taken like a big ass hit. Well at first just laughing really hard like really hard at jokes. The person with me knew I hit it by how I was acting and thought I just had a hit then grass was green then as we walked it turned into dead grass I thought I was just tripping a bit. Oh my god about a minute later it was absolutely nuts. I've had salvia 8 times 4 breakthroughs so I thought theres no way weed can make you trip to much boy was I wrong. About 1 minute after the grass I would go like out of my head and be seeing what I'm doing like a screen in a movie theater with it being dark around it I kept going in and out of reality. I started talking about zooming in and out and the person watching got pissed cause he thought I popped some shrooms or acid cause he didnt know I took a huge huge hit as far as he knew I took a little hit. Well I tripped like that for 20 ish minutes were I was just in and out of reality barly able to walk without falling. I was fighting it so much I kept trying to stop it it was just to intense I had no clue it was that good weed. It felt 10 times harder then the 32% shit it was so much better. I swear they had to put something in there. The salvia I was fine on cause I knew it was crazy intense this shit I had no clue it would make me like this. I wasn't hallucinating everything was just tripping me out. I walked past branches on the sides of me and I was in and out of reality ish as I was walking past them I was just seeing what I was doing from like screens in my mind it was so weird I also convinced myself I was doctor strange cause I predicted something and I thought I could travel through time cause I used to wish I wasn't doing something then I was there and it tripped me out. Well it lasted 6 hours when i finally fell asleep. I remember a walk through a field felt so weird like not real it was crazy. I wasn't hallucinating I was just tripping ball sacks were everything I saw different it was just crazy. I stopped tripping as much at 2 hours so not to bad. I remember wanting it to stop cause It was to much the people I was around were all pissed cause they thought i was on shrooms or acid. You may think it cant be that intense but like I said it was probably over 35% by what I have smoked before and how it wasn't that bad. I'm also only 120 pound male I'm also shorter I also have no tolerance and I also killed about a good 15% of that joint which I took a huge hit. And i think i didnt expect it to be that much so it hit me that hard like if I know it's crazy much then it wont be as much cause I'll expect it but I had no clue it was this bad