I've dabbled a bit with NMDA in the past with a good bit of dxm use. I used it for like a year stopped for the most part besides a few times. I'm a dude like 16. I've used a good bit of acid and shrooms in that time, this is all a lil background. I've heard a good bit ab K and my plug had some. I picked up K molly and 2cb. I tried the k first which is a whole different story lol. I loved it. Basically I was chillin and my older flatmate f (19) had some friends over. They were toking maybe 5 of them and I had no weed. One of her friends I'm gonna call her Yolanda (20) was upstairs. Yolanda had smoked with me a few times, sometimes she would stay up and smoke after my flatmate who we'll call Mary had gone to sleep and we just chill. Shes wicked but I offer her a bump of k while everyone else is smoking. She does some and smokes. I had no intention of doing any of this maybe 250 mg bag. I had like 300 mg molly too. Most of Mary's friends left besides Yolanda. Yolanda comes into my room and says Mary wants some K too, so I say sure. I pull up w the bag and a book n weed w my wallet. Theres a face on the book so I dump k right onto the nostril and we start taking bumps n vibing w music. I'd never really chilled w Mary that much besides w weed so it was lit. We do a good bit so I decided we should do my molly if we're just gonna do the k bag. I put it in water and try to pour 3 cups but spill a bunch. We smoke some of the K in bong bowls on her bed out the window in a circle, I had waves of fucking euphoria as I wobbled and vibrated, a mess of nmda bliss, melting into the bed w music. The molly wasnt super noticeable but it eventually came up and I felt fucking amazing. We finished the k in bumps and rolled a blunt 4 later w a lil K. After more music we were watching random TV and skits. I remember we watched 2 AM in the PM at like 2 by the end. We finally smoked the K blunt and Yolanda kept saying I was so young and Mary would b mad but I got her # lol. I had school the next morning and after I slept super fucking well lol overall. 10/10 drug experience. Was a bop, side note, cannot do math as well after legit