3:50am on a summer Wednesday night. I’ve been sleeping all previous afternoon and couldn’t fall asleep. Now around these times when I get bored I like to spice things up a bit with any substances possible espically when I’m carefree off the beans. I was smoking out off my illy and proceeded to ponder on what resources I had. Oh shit! I still have that acid from months ago in my card deck. I search for the tabs within a box of cards and well lah! A good ole tab. Shit man acid lasts like 12 hours idk if this is a good idea. I debated for a bit and was planning on what I would end up doing for these long fun hours to come. Welp fuck it I’ll just smoke weed and watch Fritz The Cat and then it will be morning. I popped the tab right when the movie started and I braced myself for a solo ride. This movie is real fucking trippy and I get uncomfortable during a cartoon scene of a mock hitler having sex with his solders. Ok ok this is enough I pause the tv and then look around my room. Jesus Christ my room is morphing everywhere and I started bursting out laughing. I felt a great body high and wanted to have some fun. I stand up on my bed and feel like a fucking alien peaking. Then the weirdest thing occurred. I got a call from my younger sister which sketched me the fuck out. Why is she calling me at this time? Is she in trouble? Will I have to drive on lsd to help my sister? Is my whole family going to storm in my house and lecture me on my drug use? Jesus Christ I am overthinking this on so many levels and wait until the ring ends. I text a simple “What’s up?”. I got no reply for the next hour and I assumed everything was okay (it was). I was getting bored waiting for the sun to come up so I should go on a run I thought, wait I’m on acid? Maybe I shouldn’t. My roommates are gonna be worried that I decided to trip at a random time considering I was addicted to Xanax and they advised me to stay away from all substances. Ok fine I’ll just wait it out until they go to work and then I can bullshit all day. I watch the rest of the movie and hear my roommates leave. Yay! It was around 7:30, I headed to a grocery store to grab a smoothie and damn did peoples faces look weird. I kept laughing at the cashier and he looked a bit concerned but oh well he’s missing out! I call my buddy up and say “Yo let’s chill today bro I popped a tab!”. My friend dies with laughter on the phone and tells me he will pick me up to chill for the day. But there’s one condition. We have to go shopping with him and his mom. I prepared for this test of sobriety and basically convinced myself that my eyes weren’t diliated and as long as I didn’t mention anything about the existence of aliens or any outlandish shit I should be Gucci. My boy picks me up and we head to the mall. I keep my cool for the most part but my friend said I was uncontrollably smiling and I referred to myself in third person accidentally. Oh well she probably thinks I’m alittle stoned or something who cares. After the mall my boy and I went to go chill with another friend and we had plans of swimming all day. Fuck yes LSD and swimming baby. One of my favorites.  My homie suggested we should all try whippets because he misses them from his fall semester in college. I told him I was on acid though, he said there’s no physical interactions between the two substances that would hurt me and I researched and slowly agreed. We bought all the supplies in 30 mins (damn that was easy) and proceeded to fill up our balloons outside on the back porch.  I was pretty nervous considering the substance I was on and the vibe of filling up a crack ballon to inhale. My friend shows us how to hit them and I give it a shot. I start inhaling and feel my body start to rise. Oh shit! Seconds go by and I feel like I’m frontward flipping in the air and yell “HOLY BALLSACK” in my deep nitrous voice. My boys crack up and I proceed to admire on how sick that was. We did more and then headed to the pool. I felt amazing, my best friends, a pool and lsd. What’s better. We walk into the pool like we own the place and immediately jump in after setting our stuff down. “Hey you need to sign in” Me and my homie looks over at this lifeguard and began to die of laughter. I whisper to my friend let’s see how long we can stay in without signing in. 5 minutes go by and he is really pissed off but I am just laughing and enjoying the cool water. Finally he threatens to call the police for trespassing and we immediately get out to sign in. “Why was that so funny? Why can’t you sign in? Who are you?” I respectfully wanted to say buddy I’m high as fuck on acid and your face is melting but thankfully I kept that to myself. We identify ourselves as members and get a disciplinary warning from the neighborhood pool. We spent the rest of the day chilling in the pool and played basketball against 12 year old kids and destroyed them. Finally the pool was coming to a close and me and my buddies all get together to say our goodbyes and reflect on the cool day we had. I walk from the pool to my parents house as I was on a comedown and felt comfortable being family members and really wanted to see my dog + cat. I have dinner with my family and end up watching another movie to close the day. Overall I loved the trip and made me appreciate the great friends I have and pools.  Oh yeah and my sister ended up butt-dailing me