Sorry in advance for the length of this post, but I'm really curious as to what yall think about this. So I used to go to a private Christian school with the average graduating class being around 80-90. They were extremely strict on drug usage with 1 positive drug test meaning guaranteed expulsion. They would hair drug test "randomly" 25% of each class and all incoming high school students. But I found it really sketchy that athletes and kids who were known party animals were rarely tested, and in a class of 90 everyone knows damn well who would and wouldn't pass a drug test. The people who were always tested were mostly girls, active in the school's church-related stuff, and were the type of people that any moron with 2 brain cells could deduct that no illicit substance had ever entered their body in their entire life. Very rarely, the pattern would deviate, and someone who was a known stoner/cokehead would get tested. But in four years I only witnessed this happen 5 times, and what's even weirder is that even though they had been heavily smoking and popping pills in the months before the test nobody ever failed the drug test. For instance, they tested my buddy in the first quarter who had been smoking every day for the entire summer and weekly during the year. He was panicking hard until the results came back negative for all substances. Another weird thing is that there was a rule in the student handbook that if one were to find out that they were being tested and confess to the dean that they had been using before the test, there would be no punishment but they were placed on probation for the rest of the year, meaning 1 more fuck up and you are done and quarterly drug tests. Half of the time someone got tested who should fail they would confess, but some brave souls risked it and still passed somehow. Eventually, we students noticed this pattern and came to the conclusion that either the tests weren't being sent in, or the school fudged the results of people who failed tests because a failed drug test is an instant expulsion, meaning lower numbers and less money bc the loss of tuition. Do you think That the tests were sent in? Or are hair tests just bad?