I left them month + ago and can finally say that I can think without meth controlling my mind. Benefits are big confidence and talkativness (for shy guy like me it was improvement). Fucking girls here and there (not whores or meth bitches, normal girls due to your boosted confidence and not being shy ) More friendly towards friends and family. Better grades, better "fake" life style. If you just started doing stimulant like meth, you better leave it NOW. Even tho you didn't do meth for week your mind is still under it's control. With time you become trash person (Lying to your best friends and family). Being with people you don't like, but they are your meth buddies. Being at places you don't like, but here your meth buddies live. When you stop doing it you might think of suicide and suddenly ask yourself how you ended here? You never thought you will think about suicide, neither I did, BUT you WILL DO - Believe that. Your family will ask you what is wrong with you, you don't eat anything for day and suddenly eat the whole fridge for week. Having to pretend that you are asleep so your loved ones don't get suspicious toward you? I never found information what it will be to quit after 3 months of almost daily use. It wasn't easy, neither hard. You will sleep like 1-2 weeks 19 hours per day and spend the rest 5 hours in eating. Feel depressed and shitty. Now if you want to stop, don't think that sleeping that much is bad. During sleeping your brain recovers dopamine and serotonin levels, eating is because you took big debt from your body and it takes it back. If you are +/- 3 months stage just stop and never, ever look back. I ain't lying. Meth bringed me my best times and lead to my worst. Calculate it. Is it worth it? I still heal from it and everyday it's better. Just remember that you can always leave like a winner. With time I will heal and it's not gonna be long time, but I lost my shyness forever. Still I'm the winner here or at least I think so. Method barely leaves you, what to say about leaving you winner.