So I’m want to preface this by saying I know what I did was dumb and dangerous, I know there will be people who have taken way more to little effect but this stuff fucked me up. A friend gave me 6, 36mg concerta when I told him I was painting my apartment This week and not looking forward to it.  I’ve done these before, they were the 27mg ones and I ate them like candy on a 3 day road trip across the eastern u.s, while drinking copious amounts of alcohol. I really thought they were underwhelming, I slept every night but it appears the liquor had more to do with that than not.  So they are ER, I did the breakdown same as last time, removed the coating and ate it, then removed the time release mechanism and chewed the remaining piece and swallowed. Tasted like shit and everything. About 40 mins after one, I was very stimulated and feeing fairly euphoric. I thought, wow this is great, but I’m not quite there, so I do the same with a second one. An hour later and I’m a fucking mess. Just oily, sweaty, heart pounding vibrating mess lol. I really didn’t have any negatives last time, but it appears 72mg on zero tolerance was too much now. I slogged through the rest of the day wishing for death. I drank water, forced down food, smoked weed, anything to maybe help. Nothing really did, although I felt a little better after food and water. I finally gave up after 7.5 hours, feeling zero relief or lessening of symptoms and just took another fucking pill. In my mind, if I was having a bad reaction or od I’d already be dead or locking up muscles or some other stim od symptoms but nothing other than gross discomfort. I almost instantly get better. Sooooo I’m chalking this up to methylphenidate come down? Holy shit, I read about it but I seriously wondered if I was od after about an hour of that. I obv do not recommend taking more of a drug that you believe you may have od on lol, prob should head to the doctors. But I couldn’t believe how bad that comedown is. I was prepared for tired and depressed, not rebound anxiety and sweats and headaches. I’m going to be paying for this in a few hours, anyone have advice for getting through it? I definitely just prolonged the inevitable but I just felt so shitty. I have clonidine for sleep. I don’t take it regularly so it usually does a pretty good job. I read a scary report about some kids dying from this mix but it appears to be overblown and over reported, has anyone taken this for stim comedown? Figured if anything it could help lower bp and maybe help with the headaches?(assuming their caused by elevated bp from vasoconstriction properties of concerta) All in all not a great experience, maybe don’t take so much next time? Or for me ever again? Good luck people, totally underestimated this drug and it ruined my day. Stay safe!