What's up guys. I've been lurking here the past couple weeks for research and figured I'd contribute. I had to make a throw away just to be safe. I've used quick fix a few times years ago for work and it worked beautifully. My assumption was that the testing technology has advanced since then and I was pretty nervous to use it again. a little while ago I got myself into a little trouble and a lawyer had recommended I goto a lab and have a test done. There was no way in hell I was gonna pass. I'm a habitual cannabis smoker of many years so I quickly went online and ordered the 6.2 formula. I tried urineluck first but apparently they don't ship to my state. I took a chance and ordered from quickfixsynthetic. It showed up pretty quick. On the day of the test about an hour and a half before heading to the lab I strapped the heat pack to the bottle and laid it on my heating radiator at home that was pretty warm. I wear boxer breifs so I duct taped the bottom of my boxers to my leg so it didn't have the chance of falling down my pants. I slid the bottle with the heat pack under my balls next to my inner thigh with the heat pack on the outside so the bottle was sanwiched between my inner thigh and heat pack. I then duct taped around my thigh over my boxers to keep the bottle from moving around. I went in did my thing and waited. When it was time I went into the bathroom set the cup on the back of the toilet and pulled the bottle out, quietly shook it up then and filled test cup to the line. At the same time I was trying to piss in the toilet so it sounded like I was really pissing in the cup. (Someone waited outside the door). All in all I passed and it was really no sweat. Just relax and you'll be fine. There was also no weird smelling of the piss cup like I've read in some of these posts. Just wanted to share my story of success and hopefully it'll set someone at ease like reading this sub reddit did for me. I'm in no way affiliated with qf, just a satisfied customer. Good luck guys, stay high