This is a long post, sorry, but I'd really appreciate someone reading it. I had a very traumatic bad trip on DMT about three weeks ago. You can look through my post history if you want more details, but essentially I freaked out and ended up in the ER. The days following the trip, whenever I would attempt to fall asleep, an hour later I would have a terrifying flashback/dream and would wake up. Something that was very strange about it was that it was happening almost exactly at the same time, I'd fall asleep and then every time about an hour later it would happen, but I digress. These effects were coupled with just general profound psychological effects, despite the fact that I ended up in the ER from the trip, I was still able to breakthrough and I was able to see the "oneness" of the universe and I understood the "cosmic joke", and these things obviously had a profound effect on me. So, due to the issues with sleeping and me obsessing about the things I experienced, I made a post asking for help. I got great responses from many of you, and the number one thing I heard was to give it time. I gave myself some time to heal and I began being able to sleep again and started to again feel normal. However, a few days ago I got another nightmare/flashback (I took melatonin to correct my sleep schedule and it always makes my dreams stronger but in this case it was nightmares), and ever since then I have again had the issue of getting sleep due to nightmares. Last night I had a very strong one, I only remember bits and pieces but I was watching a card game type duel between two people and one of them summoned the "oneness" of the universe as a monster to fight on their team. It was depicted as a sort of cosmic elephant with a head that had a huge grin and large eyes (kind of like the cat from Alice and Wonderland) but made of colorful geometric shapes, with all realities of the existence swirling around its head. Yeah, it's weird, I know. Anyway, a recurring theme in these nightmares are the "oneness" being realized again or the fabric of the universe melting away, and when it happens I begin to panic and wake up. I've tried to get exercise everyday, I've started to try meditation and I've been starting to eat better, but I still don't seem to be getting better. I had a streak where things were going well, but all it took was one bad nightmare and I was back to where I started. Additionally, another persisting effect I've had is that whenever I look at something that has a sort of pattern to it such as a rug, granite counter or text on screens I get the wavey/breathing effect you get when you're on acid. By that I mean that objects will move/flow around a bit, granted it is not as intense as when on acid but the effect is still there. Another thing I've noticed is that all of these side effects are MUCH more intense at night rather than during the day, as a result I've been trying to sleep more during the day to make up for the sleep I lose at night. Due to these effects persisting, I've decided that I'm going to meet with a therapist and/or a psychiatrist to see if they will be able to help me, but my worry that I have permanently damaged my brain/life is looming over me and causing great anxiety. I guess I'd just like to see if anyone knows anything about this, has had similar experiences, could offer advice, or would be able to talk to me. Just talking about my experiences and the things I saw seems to help me better heal so I'd really appreciate someone lending an ear. Thank you.