So im mostly posting this to get it off my chest and also hoping someone will have a similar story. When I was 16 I smoked for the first time with my brother/friends and instead of doing a couple hits, I did about 15. Each hit i held it in for probably a minute. I just did as they told me and nobody warned me that maybe i shouldnt full send it like snoop dog on my first go. I was having fun for a while, laughing at everything, staring at my eyes in the mirror for half an hour straight, etc. Then we all head outside and on my way outside my friend tells me something that was very offputing, and my vibe changed so fast. Right after he said that to me, we went outside and I immedeately felt off, then BAM. I was looking down on my body from the ceiling, Literally i was seeing myself above in third person. Of course, I was like "wow fuck, I died. I over dosed." I mean why else would be looking down on my body like a fucking angel. A moment later I was back into my body with a full-blown panic attack, but this was my first panic attack so i didn't know what was happening. My heart rate was over 180 and I can't explain it but, basically it felt like reality and time were not in sync. I would take one step forward, but my mind was still seeing the step i was previously at, it was just very freaky. I ran around for roughly an hour crying and screaming about how I died and basically i thought i was in purgatory or something. My family was upstairs and i told them ( through my screaming) that I smoked weed and died. Then, like the genius I am, i made myself puke so i could...what? throw up the smoke? So I made my mom take me to the hospital where i continued to scream and cry about being dead. They hooked me up to an IV and soon the acceptance of being dead set in and i was just happy, happy to have my mom with my while I died. I was telling the doctors that they were pretty and I remember singing them some bruno mars song as they checked my vitals. Eventually i fell asleep, then woke up and the panic attack was over and I was fine. Since then, I tried smoking a few more times, went the same except i made myself fall asleep because I knew i wasnt actually dying. Now i get panic attacks every now and then from other things(yay). Honestly, I really wish I could change this about myself, I wish i could smoke. Ive had depression most of my life and some anxieties ( fucking clearly lol), and I feel like I have no escape. Maybe its for the best, maybe Weed would have led me to meth and I would of died. everything happens for a reason right.