over the past week, i have taken a total of 750mg of vyvanse, 100mg at about 11 at night every day for 7 days, and 50 mg twice in the morning last saturday and wednesday. in total, ive gotten around ehhhh, give or take 20-24 hours of sleep during this period and before i start gettin called a dumbass for not practicing harm reduction, i rlly wasn't thinking straight when i took my first dosage. I've had a history of vyvanse abuse but nothing too serious, just 100mg here and there, normally though i just took my prescribed 50mg. however i found myself wanting this high every day because whenever i come down, i feel like absolute shit so i have very strong urges to redose wayyy more than needed, so i kicked that habit about a half a year ago. however, quarantine has been kicking my ass bringing back symptoms of my depression, lessening my motivation, fucking my sleep schedule up super bad, i remembered how great i felt on vyvanse and forgot all about the negatives, since when mental state worsens, my head tends to get extremely foggy and I make dumb decisions. currently I've been awake for about 40ish hours and around 1am, i started getting very slight visuals, like very very mild drifting and occasional double vision. then, maybe 45 minutes later, i start to feel very odd, my headspace started gettinf significantly slower, as I'm typing, my fingers have pretty prominent tracers and when i looked past my fingers, my screen looked like smoke was coming out of it. this only occured for a few seconds before disappearing but it happened a couple times. I think to myself that this is odd, I've never felt this way on any stim and as i was thinking, out of the corner of my eye it looked like a gigantic moth was flying to me but very slowly, i was slightly worried at this point so i shut my light out and went on my phone to distract myself, in the meanwhile what seemed like a black fan blade was attached to my window sill and spinning, but when i looked at it, it would go away. im worried i might've fucked up?