So first off I've been doing DXM for quite a while now. My very first experience I fell into sigma. How? Beats me but i think it has something to do with my brain having the first serotonin rush it's ever had. After that, i waited for a few months then started it again. But for this past year, i've been a regular user.  i have very many experiences but this one in particular i think you guys will enjoy. i have an identical twin and we both weigh about 135 pounds. we tripped the night before this on a bottle of delsym each. me and him have NEVER felt sick off of any dxm trip which might be because we only get dxm as the only ingredient. that trip wasn't significant but i only bring it up because it plays a huge part in this night. 2/13/20 is the date this happened. we decided the trip the night before wasn't enough so we decided to each take a bottle of delsym and split another half and half. so we both down a bottle and he goes to take a shower. i end up drinking about 2/3rds of the bottle, an estimated 1600mgs of poli. he comes back and drinks the rest. so far so good. everytime we trip, we start out doing the same thing. we sit in my recliners and watch youtube until it kicks in. we watch youtube for about 1 hours and the delsym starts to hit me. i ask my brother how he feels and he says he's starting to feel it and we go back to watching youtube. after about 30 minutes i see his leg shaking but i think nothing of it because he always does that just as an anxious twitch. but as the time goes by, the shaking starts to get really fast and almost inhuman. i ask him why hes shaking so bad and he says i dont know. so i tell him to stand up and it'll stop and sure enough it stops. he then proceeds to go lay on my bed. after about 5 minutes, i ask him to come back and watch youtube and he doesn't respond. so i go over and ask if he's okay. he says give me a second and then starts saying "you are (his name) you are (his name)". at this point im starting to worry because this is out of the ordinary. he says he's going to go chill in his room for a bit and im like okay. so after about 20 minutes i go into his room and he's sitting on his bed staring at nothing. i ask him if he's okay and he VERY softly says "what's happening". then i realize he's falling into sigma. i tell him i think you're going into a plateau called sigma. don't worry youre okay but these next few hours are going to be a little scary. he just stares at my blankly so i tell him to come to my room. as we're robowalking to my room, he leans all his weight on me. we get to my room and i tell him to sit down. (if you don't know much about sigma, it's a state of pure confusion) he sits down and im talking to him and then ask "if you think there is something genuinely wrong, we can call an ambulance." then he goes "no no no no" very softly. so i ask if he wants water and he nods his head. so i leave him sitting down on the floor and go upstairs and get water. as i come back into the room, he is in the exact same spot staring in the exact same spot. so i hand him the water and he downs it. i continue to explain what sigma is and tell him that he's okay and that i'm going to take care of him and not to worry. im very drug smart so he puts his whole trust in me and gets a little less scared. after a bit he says he wants to go to his room. so im like okay and then i walk him to his room. he lays down and asks again "whats happening" and starts to tear up. so i give him a hug and tell him its okay and that itll be over soon. i put on youtube and tell him to watch something that he likes. he says hes okay and that i can go back to my room. so i go back to my room and start tripping HARD. at one point i lost concept of time. i would look at the time then look outside and see that it was dark and was so confused. i spend some time on my phone and set an alarm for every hour until morning so i can go check on him. the first time i check on him he wants to come to my room again so i bring him in. he sits down and i just talk trying to take his mind off the trip. then he randomly gets up and walks to a corner in the room and i ask what he was doing. then he goes "what". this is when i realized how bad this was. so i  take him to his room and sit with him while he watched videos for a while then eventually go to my room. im just chilling, enjoying light dance on my walls and thinking very deeply. for the rest of the night, i would check on my brother and he was fine everytime. at about 6 AM (10 hours after dropping) i get genuine hallucinations ive never had out of the dozens of my trips. everything looks familiar but i cant name what anything is. of course i see shadow people and the regular dxm visuals but then i see figures. if you've ever played halo, it looks like someone with active camo on. i saw transparent but VERY realistic people. at about 9 AM im on the comedown and the effects were comparable to a low 2nd plateau. i go to my brothers room and he looks at me and starts crying. i go and give him a hug and ask if hes okay. he says "that was terrifying. i was so scared. i didnt know anything and couldnt tell what was real" i tell him about sigma and that it happens sometimes and then he goes "you are such a good brother. i honestly dont know how i would have gotten through that without you". the rest of the day we just talk about the trip and things like that. overall, this experience was scary and very rough but also enlightening. the biggest takeaway from this trip was deep bonding with my brother. this experience made us much closer and our trust for eachother is much stronger. please be careful and don't do back to back trips like we did. you significantly increase chances for plateau sigma and trust me, VERY VERY few people enjoy it. i recommend researching it. i suggest the week per plat rule. sorry for such a long trip report but hopefully you liked it and learned something. stay safe guys!