So last night was my first time actually trippin on robocough. The night before I took 450mg to get to plat 2 but I kicked in 5 hours later and wasn’t that significant. Last night was not the same. I took 650mg and the calculator said I’d be at plat 4, which also didn’t happen. But I was playing fortnite 30 minutes after dosing and my head started to get too heavy for my neck, I got second place. I got in my bed not knowing I wouldn’t be about to get out of it til now. I’ve never been cross faded but I knew that feeling was cross faded. I was floating in my bed and it was like a boat and my led lights were not helping in a good way. I was listening to music on soundcloud (2015 xxxtentacion) and it never sounded more amazing. Like I was IN the music. Then my friend text me saying she made chicken pot pie and I can go upstairs to get some. We had a conversation that I was high and probably couldn’t make it up there but  an hour after that I was still checking my phone amazed we had a conversation. I knew that if I got out of my room it would feel like that high school musical movie where Troy was in the hallway and it was spinning and throwing him around. I hate high school musical. I don’t know what plat I was at. I was pretty fuckin high feeling but no visual or auditory hallucinations. I’ll just say plat 1 but it was soooooo intense. I couldn’t feel my lips or my tongue and all my movements were forgotten right after doing it. All I could do was lay in my bed. Sitting up would feel strange. I remember I FaceTime my best friend and I told her I was high but I’m sure she could tell. Every word I said I didn’t think about saying before I said it. But I kept asking her the same questions. At the beginning I asked how long we been talking and she said 5 minutes or 15 minutes. Then it jumped to an hour and it didn’t feel like it at all. I don’t even know if we were sitting in silence or what. This whole time I was listening to music and I thought stopping it would stop me from tripping this hard but it didn’t