I highly doubt it may be normal, but I'm asking for assurance on this. For the past couple weeks I've been getting into dxm, specifically benylin dry cough, and I had an interesting experience last night. Okay so I havent truly been keeping track but over the course of about a week or two I've consumed about 1,100 mls of syrup. (two 250 ml bottles/ four 150 ml bottles). What my brain is telling me is that maybe I experienced what is called plateau sigma? maybe? maybe not? But I've missed a few days of work during the week due to dosing on dxm, I'd wake up to get ready but I'd be too exhausted. And the day before yesterday, thursday night, I decided to do a full 2nd plat dose. I did, and the next morning I ended up missing work. After I woke up and realized that I'd missed work, I took the rest of what was left in the 250 ml bottle (took abt half the bottle at 12pm) and tripped out during the day. But. upwards to 6pm, it was still affecting me. Not too bad but I noticed it was still there. This is where it turned a different direction, because I had decided to smoke a bowl. So I went and it was a bowl of straight THC, kief, and I did that. I stumbled up to my room and while laying on my bed it just got increasingly worse.. I had nothing turned on, it was quiet in my room, but I could hear like a weird ringing in my ears. Not exactly ringing, but it sounded more like music. And then... It just makes me feel weird talking about it, but I thought I heard voices. Like cartoony voices, they weren't loud but just quiet enough where I couldn't tell if I was actually hearing it or not. It was very unpleasant, I was getting odd visuals too. This happened only after I smoked the bowl last night, it never happened directly after dosing dxm. All I could think while experiencing this was "I'm never going to take dxm ever again" and I just kept repeating it to myself. It was kinda spooky, idk. As soon as I turned on some music, though, the voices ebbed away. I don't know how I fell asleep, but I was glad that I did. The feeling is a bit blurry, but I recall seeing manifestations of shadow figures when I would be in a room with the lights off. But again I was wondering if this has any semblance of being normal, at all? It was very strange and I was freaked out. It doesn't exactly feel normal. I full on tripped out on a bowl of weed.