Been wanting to try DXM for a while now, finally got around to doing it. A few weeks ago I bought what I thought I was going to do to get high, then reading the ingredients and seeing there was a shit ton of acetaminophen along with some guaifenesin. Yesterday I went out and got what seems to be the most popular choice, Robitussin gel caps with only DXM 15 mg. So I had done over plenty of research to be safe and had read about a deficiency of this certain enzyme that breaks down DXM. There is no way of telling if you have this enzyme unless you are tested, so if you take a lot of DXM you can end up in the hospital. So to be safe I took 2 pills at first and waited, felt nothing and took a third. Just to say I wasn’t planning on tripping balls this time because it was my first time, I’ve heard low doses are just euphoric and nothing more. I wanted to eventually in the future take enough to experience visuals but am kind of on the edge about reaching a dissociating point because it sounds unpleasant. I was extremely tired due to the fact that the night before I stayed up until 4 am and I’m not sure if DXM can cause you to be less tired or more tired, but I didn’t wanna confuse the heavy feeling in my body from not sleeping with thinking that I’m coming up on the high. I’d assume you’d feel the DXM stronger if you are more awake and not tired? So back to the story, I got sick of this and took 2 more and waited 5 minutes just to see how I felt. The reason I was doing a little at a time even though I knew by now that I was able to break down the DXM (otherwise I would be extremely high from what I read about if your body is unable to break it down), was because I am extremely sensitive when it comes to weed and average when it comes to alcohol, and I’ve had terrible experiences on weed and stopped using it but I love alcohol. After about a half an hour I was just ready to take a ton because I was extremely confused I thought I’d be sensitive to it. I took 2 more reaching a total of 7 pills and felt nothing, I waited a whole hour hoping I would feel something. I’m not sure if that was not enough or I needed to take them all at once but I didn’t want to waste the rest so I’m going to save them after I hear some advice back on this. I am a male I weigh only 125 pounds and I’m 5’7. I assume for most things that tolerance is pretty much just weight. That’s how it seems to be with weed and alcohol. All the fat people I know cannot get drunk or high easily. Because of me being really light I did not want to take them all at once. I just need help in general. What should I dose next time? At what point should I feel effects, at what point should I feel stronger effects and what are they? I have watched plenty of videos on DXM and some of the same ones over again and have researched and read my ass off but maybe it is different for everyone. Feedback would be amazing! This is extremely long but I would love to trip.