Craziest trip I ever had was on DXM.. (More specifically, drinking a whole bottle of Delsym cough syrup..) All of the "meaning" in life was just "gone", and I saw everything in a pure raw form, like I could SEE how the "sentimentality" that everyone held, was really a projection of their own mind, and the meaning of "who they are", and what not, was as well... And I realized that it was all just "shit people consumed themselves with", and that none of it really mattered NEARLY as much as they made it out to... You could almost say it was like "disrespect", but drug induced, but it wasn't really "disrespect", I just couldn't force myself to give a fuck about all of the things I saw people "pretending" mattered... It was like raw reality was perfectly clear... And I still remember the "shocked" look on everybody's faces (the reason I drank a whole bottle, instead of half, was cuz my friend bitched out, so I was the only one on it, while hanging with like 4 or 5 people...) when I was kind of "exposing" it all, just by being conscious of the reality behind it all... Then I felt like I had to kind of "play along", just so they would feel comfortable, so I did, but I literally aint been the same since... This was in like 2011... And this was the first and only time I tripped "alone"... Had always only tripped with other people before that... Shit was time released, so I asked my friend if I could crash (who was "sympathetic", but not entirely "grasping" my situation... It seemed, at least...) and ended up staying up all night, while everybody was trying to sleep, and it was just like my mind was crawling around, everywhere, in the space around me, while everybody else was trying to "keep in their lane", so to speak, and I could see the "headspace", or almost like "where and what their minds occupied", and I could actually enter it if I wanted to, but you know, I was trying to let people sleep... I felt like if I entered that space, that I would instantly be recognized, and they would "wake up"... I ended up kind of just getting into my own zone, and thinking the fuck out of everything, and I did what Terrence McKenna said to do and try to "learn something" from it, so I was basically having all of these philosophical thoughts, and writing notes (in pitch black dark, mind you, lol...) And I literally just did that till about the time the sun came up, and then I think I went outside at some point, or something, and it was a beautiful day, so I was like "sweet", and kind of didn't even care, lol... All of those "philosophical thoughts" that I had jotted down, really didn't leave me, and I almost just "incorporated it" into my "understanding of life"... Like I said: I ain't been the same since...