This morning my resting heart rate was in the 60s. I went to work and like usual my heart rate climbed over 100 while I’m doing manual labor but it gets worse the more fatigued I get and stays elevated whenI take a break especially when standing. There’s tons on lifting and walking at my job...it’s great exercise actually. My cardiologist wanted me to start cardio months ago and I blew it off because I didn’t think my tachycardia was due to anxiety or deconditioning. For example, my mother and father who are both much more overweight than me and do no exercise outside of work, both have normal heart rates. Also, my mom has worse anxiety than me and takes a bunch of meds for it. Anyways, My heart rate was 100-105 before I start on the exercise bike. I start really slow because I’m expecting my heart rate to sky rocket because I never do cardio. After a few minutes, it’s at 115 only so I keep upping the levels until I’m going all out and my legs are burning and I’m sweating. I went hard for like 8 minutes and I could only get my heart rate to 142! Many times it goes much higher than that from climbing a small flight of stairs or just from being upright lol. I’m probably looking too much into this but I just expected my heartbeat to get much higher. My max heart rate is 194 and around 10 minutes of intense cardio and I can only get it to 142....when I got my 48 hour holter results, my average heart rate was 86 with frequent bouts of tachycardia. From what I have read, inappropriate sinus tachycardia is diagnosed with a average heart rate of 90 during the holter monitor and with bouts of tachycardia which I definitely had. My cardiologist basically said well you need to lose weight (everyone else who I tell this to think That I don’t look overweight- even my doctor, nurses, family/friends. I’m 5’11 200 pounds ( I should be between 170-180 unless I have a lot of muscle mass).  I’m definitely going to lose weight and continue with cardio. The other night I was extra fatigued and having heart palps and my resting hear rate was 88 but shot up to 160 when standing and settled in the 130s for several minutes until I sat back down and it returned to normal. She convinced me to get a referral to a dysautonomia specialist but I have an appointment with my cardiologist in a month to see what she thinks again. I did a tilt table test and my heart rate shot up into tachycardia but it kept going back down to 94 then shooting into tachycardia again so she said I don’t have pots. I don’t know if I should trust her judgement or if I’m being crazy here.