Basically, my mom lost her teeth a few years ago because she has diabetes. She does not have many teeth left so she can chew properly. I feel really bad for her. She took her of me up until I graduated high school, with minimum help from my dad. I have been head of the household for 4 years now, and pay all her and my bills, but she owns the house. She also cooks once in a while and does most of the dishes. I wanted too move out a long time ago, but have not because I can't leave her alone because she would not make it alone. She does not work and has not been working for a while. She feels that I owe her a brand new set of teeth transplants which are really expensive, and I barely afford to live paycheck to paycheck. She says I spend all my money on myself, and that she also took care of me when I was little. Anyways, do I owe her a new set of teeth? I can't really afford it, and if I went into that kind of debt, I don't know how long it would take me to pay that off. She tried bridges once and says she hates them and will never get those, neither dentures. She's just making me feel bad for that situation overall. I don't want to live with her anymore but I don't want to leave her stranded. I love her but she is always taking from me. She gets mad if I ignore her because I am doing my online homework, even though I have told her numerous times in anticipation not to distract me because I will be busy doing homework and I don't have any other spare time to do it since I also work full time. I don't know how to deal with her anymore. I try to be cool with her but every time I give her something she wants to take more. I guess she worked 2 weeks this last year, and I claimed her as a dependent on my taxes, then this whole corona thing happened and she got mad because she was not going to get her stimulus because I rightfully claimed her as a dependent on my taxes. We made an amendment and switched that so that I no longer claimed her as a dependent, so she could receive her stimulus money. Time passed to when the government sent out the stimulus checks, and I asked her if she got the money. She said no. I asked to see her online bank app to verify, and she refused very angrily. Then I felt bad so I gave her all of my stimulus money that she received. Turns out she did receive money, and took mine as well. I feel bad because I know she really wants her teeth, but she basically stole from me, I feel. I really care about her but she's just eating my soul every day as soon as I get home. She doesn't understand to leave me alone when I ask her to, because I'm busy. I do a lot of things for her like take a car to the mechanic when she can easily drive and do it herself. I love her and want a good relationship with her but I've tried that for 23 years. I don't know what to do so that we can both be happy. Sorry I just had to vent since I really don't feel comfortable talking about this with anyone in real life.