This is my first post ever, so I apologize if I’m doing something wrong. I’m also sorry if I demonstrate a lack of knowledge; I didn’t even know dysthymia existed until I was diagnosed in October. Basically, I am just wondering if anyone has struggled with feeling loved, even when they know that they should. When I was 3 or 4 (now 22F), I used to burst into tears and cry out that nobody loved me. Of course, that stopped after enough times of getting beaten over it; what didn’t stop was that feeling, though. I’ve always found great difficulty in feeling as though I am loved. I’ve felt like people have loved me before, and I’ve really felt grateful for those times. It never lasted, but I would feel for however many moments like someone did actually love me. And it made me feel almost okay. Unfortunately, fixating on that and craving that can lead to some unhealthy relationships; Since I realized that, I’ve definitely stopped myself from doing that and just accepting that it’s probably more to do with my head than reality. But it doesn’t make the feeling go away or really make me feel all that better about all of it. I don’t know if it comes from issues with my self-esteem or the dysthymia itself or the intermittent major depressive episodes or something else. I also feel like when people do things that hurt me, it’s an indicator that they don’t love me after all. I try to give people the benefit of the doubt because I don’t think it would be fair to them to conclude that based on however they hurt me without considering everything. Sometimes, though, it gets me stuck in a cycle of doing that and just telling myself that they love me and justifying their actions for them. How can I care so much about convincing myself that I’m loved that I lie to myself about it, all while I also refuse to believe other people do and while I find it so hard to care about anything (else, I guess). I feel as though I also have difficulty discerning when someone does love me versus when they just say they do for whatever reason that may be. I don’t know if anyone has any similar experiences/feelings or any insight on how one might be able to better deal with those feelings and their consequences. I’m sorry, this was a lot longer and more personal than I originally meant for it to be.