**im a little different, ive seen great people come and go. So i live by that when i say i put others before me. Im selfless in the sense that id rather give to others and see them succeed then me. I just continue to do what i love and work with what i got. for the past 5 months i have been blessed with a very solid gaming computer i can stream from with little to no issues. I have everything i wanted as a content creator in terms of gear and im satisfied for now. I say to myself after i get paid from my normal job, "well i paid my bills now i can give money way because i dont need it. I dont want you guys to worry about me and my money issues. Thats why i dont talk about how ive been earning only paycheck to paycheck and that half the time when i pay my bills i spend a quarter on it on streamers, then i get like 50 for 2 weeks for food when i just got paid like 3 days ago for example. I may have made posts about how little ive got and yes complained how little walmart pays n shit. But thats because love to live my life a selfless way and give to others even when i have so little. On top of all this, i have the pressure of my parents telling me to try to hit that 40 hours at walmart. And i feel sick to my stomach every single day knowing that i work there exposed to a potential virus that i have to touch by hand with those nasty ass shopping carts. All i want to do is do what every other streamer is doing. Stream, have fun and forgot about the bullshit issues that we face at our jobs and home life and in hopes to make some extra money in the process by supporting friends that watch. i call my viewers my boyz because to me that means friend. I dont have fans i have the boyz. I just want to stream and be safe at home instead of working at walmart. I have to stream as much as possible to get enough exposure online and i cannot miss a day or night i must try to stream as much as possible and show the world im serious about this game. Now you know the truth. FRFX. Real.**