My mom has an eating disorder that she simply won’t talk about. And she always wants me to do exercise and get on diets but never says that I should lose weight. She never targets my body specifically, just super passive aggressive suggestions. One time she even payed me to do a month of exercise every day and go on a diet (I took it bc I need money I’m a teen what do U expect). But she is just so much skinnier than me. And I hate myself for that. She obviously doesn’t even notice that I have issues when she’s so involved in herself. I am on and off starving and binging for like a year now. I try to stay at school late or sleepover at friends to avoid eating. And for a month I’ll only eat 800 or so calories a day (I track them okay). And then I’ll go into like a 2 week binging rage where I eat everything in sight. The thing is I only binge when I’m at my moms house. And ik it’s terrible but whenever I’m at my dads house I eat normally and or occasionally not eat to make myself feel better. I binge so often at my moms house bc she makes me feel liek shit. She’s so much skinnier than me and she knows it. My mom loves looking the way that she does and she doesn’t even try to make her eating habits go unnoticed anymore. She outright doesn’t serve herself at the table anymore. For context: my brother has been a functioning bulímic for a while now * my dad doesn’t know * and my dad tends to comment on his weight quite a bit around me. He talks ab how he should be doing more exercise * my dads a health nut* all the time and how he would be so good looking if he just lost some weight * take in mind he says this only to me and not to him which makes me think that he’s telling my siblings the same ab me*. Now, I’m in quarantine with my mom and brothers and every day she walks around the house in her workout shorts and top bc she does online yoga now and it makes me feel like an actual piece of shit. So naturally I eat everything I can all day bc I have an unhealthy relationship with food where I either eat all of it or eat none of it to suppress all emotions. Now she offered to pay for a diet program and she got it for me and makes me check in with her all the time in front of my siblings which feels so demeaning and embarrassing bc they obviously think I’m fat too we all grew up in the same household here. Anyway I’m struggling so hard right now because I feel liek shit but I’m gaining weight and I can’t avoid food and I can’t stop eating food and i can’t throw up after binging 20 cookies and cake and ice cream and chips, and I think to myself that the reason I can’t throw up is because I don’t want it enough as I’m crying on the bathroom floor with my fingers down my throat gagging up nothing.