Hi all, I just wanted to make this post to hopefully shed some light on a common misconception that many new players seem to have about the game. In my experience, players tend to associate level with skill. This makes total sense when you're talking about levels 1-49. You may be thinking level 1-20 are beginners, 21-40 are intermediate, and 40-50 is advanced for example. That makes sense on paper, but this idea doesnt take into account the fact that the skill difference between level 50s is actually just as large if not larger than the experience difference between a level 1 and a new level 50. This is especially important to keep in mind right now, as there are so many new quest players, most of whom havent gotten to 50 yet or are just now getting there. So when you do play against a level 50, it's usually a rift player who's played enough matches to get from 1-50 10 times over. This skews peoples idea on what level 50 means. The reason I bring this up is because the idea that "level 50 = god" creates an unrealistic expectation for people who are just getting to 50. If you've just gotten to 50 and you're frustrated that you arent as good as other level 50s, or you arent as good as your teammates expect you to be, dont be discouraged. Likewise if you're under level 50 and you see a level 50 on the other team you dont necessarily have reason to be intimidated. Number of matches played is a far better indicator of skill than level, or even win rate. This is easy to check when you get put in a match by using your wrist computer and clicking on a person's name. I tend to view it as 1-50 is beginner, level 50-1000 matches played is intermediate, 1000+ is advanced, but even within that range, theres a big difference between 1000 matches and 10,000 matches. Different people will obviously gauge this differently, but what I'm trying to say is max level doesnt equal max skill. It only takes a couple weeks to get to max level (if you play a lot) but you can keep improving for years after that.  So I would try to think of level 50 as the beginning of high level play, rather than an end goal.