Good afternoon everybody, I want everyone to read through this thoroughly and not hurry their comments about it as I always witness on reddit. I'm just curious if there's anyone who's familiar in the Edmonton Police Service Recruitment process or is a current, retired EPS member. I attended the information booth they had at my college and talked to a respectable constable who was there and asked him some light questions and explained to him where I'm from and what I got going on, which was at NorQuest as I attend there for my certification of Administrative Professional. I'm currently missing a high school diploma and am planning on getting a GED after this spring semester which is my last semester of the course, then aim for the first aid course at red cross and also a firearm license just so I don't get deferred or delayed for any little reasons. Now, I do hear a lot of people saying life experience is a must for this type of career, so let me explain who I really am as good as I can. I was born in Miami, Florida and not the good part of Miami. I was raised by a single mother as I'm 23 years old as we speak. During my younger years when I was 8-15 years old being raised in Florida during the years of 2001-2010, my family tree wasn't so green, it was really red, lots of my cousins, brothers and friends would be easily influenced by the crime that happened in the slum area when I grew up alongside my mother. I remember when I was young, one year I had to attended 4 funerals due to the crime wave being so big where I was raised and nobody in my family could do anything about it but just pray for everyone that grew up in our family. Now during those times, I was young and didn't want any part of anything that would upset my mother, but I was observant of everything that happened around me, as any child would be. I did want to make friends and I thought having friends that wanted to play everyday was a blessing, which I did make friends, only with some of my cousins who lived on the upper side of the city. One night, I slept over at my cousins’ house just because my mother had to work and needed a babysitter. The mother at the house, had an older son who was a brother in family, who I looked up to just because he played football and was dangerously fast as a running back during his high school years. After high school ended for him and time flew by, I would continue to sleep over at that house just to play with those cousins. But he would come to the house either the next day or late at night and the mother would be so upset about it, rant on about it not being safe out there. Yet he wouldn't listen and then that transitioned him into wearing white & black plain T-shirts which I learned that symbolized as the person is a apart of a gang or doing illegal activities yet the mother knew what was going but couldn't do anything about just because he was getting to old to command and she was getting to tired to keep up with it. Fast forward a couple days later, I remember sleeping and hearing gun shots outside the window, down a couple blocks of where I slept but ignored it just because it was average thing. 25 minutes goes by and their is someone smoking the door with loud knocks with their foot to the point it woke up the whole house, so we all are standing in the hall with the lights on, and in comes 3 young black men, all wearing white t-shirts that were covered in blood. Yet, they were carrying the mother’s son who had been staying out at the friends house a couple blocks down and he was mumbling, bleeding, yelling all over the floor. Everybody in the house was yelling for 2 hours straight trying to figure out who and why this happened until the Dade county police cars pulled up to clear the area for the paramedics to safely come in to operate. That was the first night I didn't sleep for one full night at the age of 12, because all I couldn't get those pictures of him laying there like that out of my head. He ended up not making it due to the fact he had 2 shots land in his gut and 1 into thigh. Fast forward over those years, more people in my family ended up dying and again I just had to grow up through it and hope to god I didn’t somehow break and end up like them.