I experienced my first ego death about a month ago on 200ug lsd and weed, started with me thinking I solved the answer to the universe which led me down a base reality thought/ time loop/ paradox in which I was positive I was in a simulation and became self aware and now someone was pulling a never ending prank on me. It ended as all true ego deaths do, me accepting that I am the simulation/universe/god. Initially I thought that I would be able to just forget about the whole experience and tell myself I had a bad trip so the universe could hide it’s secrets. And it actually worked.. for a week, a week later I got high on weed and started almost reliving my ego death, I then realized it was all true and I’d never be able to explain it to anyone or fully understand it. Which led me to my enlightenment in which my head felt like a lightbulb shining like the sun... I read a lot of articles on how to go about your life post ego death. One helped a lot that said you just need to remember the truth, and live your life how you want to live it until it becomes automatic. One month later I feel about 90% back to my normal self now I just keep obsessing over the experience trying to make sense of it. But there has been three times in my sleep where I started reliving the ego death, the first time it was like the begging of my time/thought loops, the second time it felt like a true end to my time/thought loops. The most recent is when I woke up with the same understanding of how the universe works. How nothingness and everything is almost the same somehow. I always take a shower after I wake up like this, then meditate in a way that I accept that I am the universe, and I melt into nothingness for a moment. I believe this to be me killing my ego once again. Ive always liked myself and my morals, I just want to go back to living my life how I did before, I believe I have always been a good person. I just want to know if I need to accept the nothingness next time I understand it. It seems like if I accept the nothingness I will be gone forever, but is that what will stop me reliving the ego death in my sleep? How have you all found your way back to “normal life and your normal self” Do you ever stop reliving the ego death in you sleep?