I really DONT want it to but let’s be realistic for a second. Aside from Coachella, Ultra, Tomorrowland Winter, and now possibly the Olympics getting postponed/cancelled, let’s take a look at what’s happening in Florida and apply that here. Say edclv goes as planned, and an individual or two who are sick goes but they don’t know it. They use the shuttles to get there where hundreds of people use daily, they’re probably staying a hotel or resort touching buttons and door handles. At the event everyone’s touching each other, squeezing by to the rails, using those musty portopotties, touching the installations, etc. that shit will spread so fast like it did to those Floridian spring breakers. 6 students tested positive, so in between their break and finding out they’re positive who did they see/touch in between? I really hope I’m just a clown and like by end of April all is good in the hood but it’s not going to be. Considering how much of a mess the US healthcare system is, how the mindset of some of y’all is “we’re all gonna get it so might as well just go”/“idgaf y’all are pansies”/“delete this post because Pasquale knows what he’s doing”. I KNOW how you’re feeling, I literally had that mindset a few weeks ago. But take a step back for a second, hella people are losing their jobs so that financial strain is real, yes Pasquale said if it is postponed refunds are allowed but some people need that money NOW, front gate ain’t responding to anyone and Pasquale said via instagram live for now the policy stays in place, some attendees can’t even travel to the US, states are continually enforcing new changes, Vegas is shut down, the government says the peak probs won’t be until July, and something new happens every day. Have you forgotten the R in plur is ‘respect’? Respect the quarantine, respect the social distances, respect the fact people’s financial situations have how changed, respect the concerns that you may spread that shit. Can you imagine how much heat insomniac and Pasquale are gonna get if edclv goes on and some assholes with the “we’re all gonna get it anyways” mindset spread that shit to potentially thousands of attendees? And they’re not gonna know for several days. Hopefully I’m just a clown and all is well and we get another incredible edclv and not a single attendee or staff or dj is sick but be real for a second, it’s just not realistic. Pasquale did also say they’re gonna take a lot of precautions so there better be 100k hazmat suits for us.