My son needs help. I don't know where else to turn to except for the internet and I understand this may not be the appropriate place to write this on. I'm in no way a medical expert and have only understood the situation due to some Googling and asking confirmation questions about what my son's doctors have said and a bit of evesdropping. My son was diagnosed to have a Type 2 choledochal cyst through a CT scan and a few weeks ago, the doctor inserted a T-tube into his biliary duct to reduce the size of the cyst before removing it to reduce the blood loss and therefore the risk but his liver is hypersecreting bile(around 1L within half a day) and has even become more viscous than bile should be and causes him to get severely dehydrated after 1-3 days. Doctors have tried some kind of medicine to reduce bile production to hopefully make it go back to normal levels but they were talking about 1-10 of something about its dosage. It seems like they wanted to increase the dosage to see if there would be any reaction but it seems like their consultations, with who I assume to be other pediatricians, seem to get them a "no" to increasing the dosage so they're left with having to remove the cyst despite being quite large still. His Potassium levels and platelet count are quite low at the moment so we have to deal with that before doing the operation but doctors have told us to not let him drink water as much as possible to help in reducing bile production but it seems that's making it difficult to get IV access on top of the low platelet count but we've been told he needs to be infused with some kind of mixture which I assume is to increase his platelet count and Potassium levels but nurses have tried 4 times and haven't had any success getting IV access. I keep reading and hearing about how removing a choledochal cyst is a relatively simple procedure but I fear that my son might die just because of these seemingly simple but impossible complications. We're basically dirt poor and in a country with low tech means. I'm at wits end. I can't do anything to help but I'm also not ignorant enough to stay informed and know how helpless the situation is which makes it feel worse. Please someone help us.