Coming into his fourth year as the host of the biggest games since the roman coliseum was built, everyone around the world has heard of the famous Charlie Thornton. But who is the famous man known for creating the Elmsides, arguably the best creation since god created our precious world? The man, the mystery, the daddy, Mr Thornton’s first job was as a mayo critic, using his expert knowledge of putting white liquid in his mouth to make ends meet. But this was never his dream growing up. In fact, Charlie always wanted to be a biscuit, which he excitingly told his family. However, he soon had to digest the news that this career was not going to take the biscuit and he had to pursue other options. Before reviewing mayo, he had to roam the streets, politely yelling “EXCUSE ME” to passersby, asking to spare some change. But by working on himself and driving forward, like a Rocky montage but with the match of the day theme tune in the background instead, the bearded man from Aldershot propelled himself to fame and glory. A prominent sex life soon followed, and he was playing strip heads and tails with ladies from around the world. Some even say that he bedded the Premier League winner’s sister, Miss Drinkwater. In fact the sex was so regular and hardcore; he had to have an operation on his sexy snake due to a particularly hard session one night. Although his little todger no longer looked like the one in the picture that hung in his family bathroom, the sex never dried up and some say this led to the most controversial moment in Elmside history. Taking his eye off the ball and fuelled by the celebrity lifestyle, Charlie was unable to continue hosting Elmside 2019, recreating scenes similar to when Liam Gallagher took crystal meth onstage in the US in 1994. Beta-cuck, soy-boy Henry ended up taking over the role as host, resulting in a shock upset of the dream-team Cronin/Rumpus being eliminated and Bruno taking the final prize. There’s no doubt that Charlie will have banished these demons and will create a 2020 championship that will blow minds from even his most optimistic fans, but there are still questions over the controversy of the 2018 draft, the decision to disqualify Stevens and the verdict to award Marcus the win over Henry in a round in 2019, when Henry clearly touched Charlie first. But the architect knows that controversy only fuels the fans and gets the pundits talking, so will 2020 be the most exciting, controversial year yet? You’ll have to tune in to find out...