I am a college student in my early twenties. Up until now, I haven't felt much ownership over my life. I was very isolated throughout my life, I didn't go to school, I wasn't allowed anywhere alone, I couldn't have friends over, no sleepovers, etc. I often feel like Rapunzel and the deep desire to be free from my tower is there but so is an intense anxiety. I find myself getting anxious trusting people, even when they have pure intentions. I'm anxious going anywhere alone. I'm afraid to do a lot of "adult" things and it's all so difficult. I am trying to get a drivers license this year, get online jobs, take physical college classes rather than just online ones, and overall become more of an independent person rather than a shadow. The last few years of my life I have taken so much of my childhood to heart. I used to be rebellious and angry. I have grown more tired and afraid. I find myself getting very fearful over the idea of moving out, doing things alone, and even being out of the house. I was tip toeing and being as quiet as possible at my boyfriend's house and he expressed concern over it. I wound up realizing that I am constantly tense and trying to quiet myself. It has effected how I open up to people and how I live so badly. I have a hard time even paying a cashier. Several of my closest friends have told me the situation I'm in is bad for me. Sometimes I downplay it because I feel so used to it and I know it used to be worse. I'm having a hard time dealing with all the changes in my life I'm trying to accomplish. I'm having a hard time embracing myself as a person. I even have a hard time with feeling like I'm making this all into a bigger deal. I want to maintain contact with my mom when I move out, I want to have a relationship with her, but I know some space is incredibly needed. I don't know how to handle that without feeling guilty or afraid. She does not provide me with comfort or kindness and never has but I find myself going to her and wanting her regardless? There have been times when she's yelled in my face while I'm having an anxiety attack. I am afraid all of this will effect me for my entire life and never get easier. I am also afraid that having distance won't help me but will instead make me anxious in new ways and that I will only feel safe where I am used to. Comfort can come from what we're used to but not be good for us.