Hello this is my first post so please bear with me. I recently found myself in an odd situation and came here for some advice on the matter. To start I moved into an apartment and signed a 6 month lease with the option to continue living there month to month after the lease is up, I did this through a local rental company. after about 4 months into the lease my girlfriend decided to move in and brought her esa, we filled out the required paperwork and we're good to go with the company to have the dog move in. this is a no pet  building but there are 4-5 other Tennant's with dogs as well. the appartment had pet spots prior to me moving in, one on a door, and one on the carpet, this is noted on the inspection report that I received when I moved in but they have it written in as damaged door and damaged carpet(they actually had another large section of carpet placed over the spot, so it was carpet on top of carpet). they came to inspect my apartment because my lease would be up soon and I thought all was well, after about a week I received a no cause notice to o vacate, which in my state means they're kicking me out at the end of my lease and they don't need to give a reason for why they are doing so. so I call them and ask what was up, she explained that because they found a pet spot, the one that was there when I moved in, that the owner would rather have me vacate, because this is a rental company I asked if they could transfer me to a different address, they said because of the pet spot spot I failed my inspection and they would not be willing to transfer me. I feel like this is a trumped up situation and was wondering if anyone had any advice? I don't think I could do anything legal like sue them because the vacate notice and having the lease be ending, but at the same time does this mean that can give me a bad reference? this definitely is a shot to my character as I am the type of person to admit when I'm wrong but in this situation I know 100% that our dog did not leave the spots.