So...Today I was planning on giving myself a pizza birthday with anyone who wanted to join on my campus. I only have two friends. I got a check for $100 yesterday that I cashed and I have been looking forward to this all week. Even after my birthday that happened this past Wednesday. I had some bills to pay like hulu and neflix which I didn't mind. But i made sure that I was saving enough to I could buy the stuff. I got on the bus. Got some drinks for myself and I got two bracelets from hot topic too but what I didn't realize was that most of my billing stuff happened today. So I went from $60 to $8 cause I didn't know my netflix bill and hulu bill happened today. So after I bought drinks and two cool bracelets for myself, I didn't have enough money to buy my pizzas. I was at target and I had put two digornio's stuffed cheese pizzas in my cart and I was trying to check my bank finances cause I always get paranoid that money is going to disappear. But I had $40 after I bought my bracelets. So I knew I had enough....but when I saw I only had $8. My heart sank....because....I'm the type of person who never buys anything for myself because I have always been broke. I have been scammed out of money through my parents. I have had precious items sold from under my nose by family.....I once had a $100 electoric guitar and $50 amp bought for christmas one year....I didn't even have that for a year. I went to school one day came back and it was gone. My older brother walks in and said he had to sell my guitar and amp to help pay for his rent which was a joke cause he was doing drugs at the time. I was taught by my foster parents that everything had a price for it even if it was a gift so I get really anxious when someone gives me a gift cause I think, "Oh shit what's the price for taking this?" I just... I felt really bad that even though I was able to get like $14 of drinks and two cool bracelets too. I felt bad cause I was telling my two friends I was planning on buy pizza for them and cake even though it was for a late birthday party for me but I felt like such a idiot cause I wanted to proved something for them too and I .... I blabbed about it.......I know it's dumb for getting upset about something like this.....but I was just wanting to give myself a party and just not have other people worry about costs of food cause i want to prove for others and just have fun and relax.....but I got so upset at myself cause I wasn't able to get the stuff I just cancelled everything.....And now I'm just getting drunk on my own to just forget how fucking stupid I can be at times.....I'm...... I'm sorry I couldn't get what I planned to have.