I just purchased the Creality BL Touch kit.  Unpacked it. Installed the hardware which went super smooth.  Then came the daunting task of installing the firmware.  I am by no means a computer genius. I wouldn't even qualify as an avid computer user.  So please be patient if my description is not in a language that geniuses would understand.  Creality offered a single sheet of paper that had the basic install instructions on it, which is pretty much useless for someone like myself.  I went to the Creality website address which the sheet advices me to do. Then I downloaded the "Bl touch for ender 3 +ISP cable instruction".  I'm not even sure that's what I'm supposed to download.  Like I said the instructions are useless. After that not much happened for a while. When I clicked on the download, my computer did not recognize the file source. So I downloaded a program called "9 zip" that windows advices me to do.  This program allowed me to extract the files.  So once I extracted the files that I "guessed" needed to be extracted I was able to get to a file called "progisp". Now the instruction sheet said click on "progisp exe." , which is no where to be found. So I clicked on what I had, which was the "progisp" an error came up that said" Access violation" with a bunch of other info which will be in the pics I post.  When I hit the OK button on the error window the program comes up like the instruction sheet shows.  So now i think I'm getting somewhere. So I looked for a chip number in the chip menu and not a single chip number is there for me to select.  I looked through my files that were extracted and there is a file with over 150 chip numbers, including the one I need, however the flash program shows nothing.  Ive noticed that some of the files are named "Marlin 1.1.68 BL Touch". Am I supposed to have marlin flashed to my printer before I attempt all this. Again the instructions never instructed me to do so nor does the sheet have a requirement menu printed anywhere.  So as of right now that is all I know.   I hope that was enough information.