Hi everyone. I am 21f about to be 22f. I have had my period since I was 12 and have gone on birth control shortly after to control heavy bleeding. I ALWAYS had regular cycles (I consider myself lucky in that aspect) I went off of birth control for no particular reason in September 2019 (not trying to get pregnant, just wanted to understand how my body reacted to no hormones) I go for my annual each year at the Gyno. I think I have complained about pain to my Gyno every year since I started seeing her (pain with sex, heavier bleeding on BC, uncomfortableness down there in general) she switched me to different BC’s, gave me a pelvic exam and an ultrasound, nothing has ever come of it but a cyst which went away after my cycle. Since being off BC I noticed my periods have extremely heavy days for 3 days straight then barely anything. The bleeding is so heavy, I am so not used to it. It takes everything out of me. But it only lasts for a short amount of time. My cycle is still regular, I don’t get any abnormal bleeding. During ovulation, I get insane period cramps and lower abdominal pressure. I get this feeling sometimes when I sit like a shooting pain and pressure in my uterus. Back pain too. I have always just said this was ovulation, but I don’t exactly know. During sex, I noticed that it can feel good in the moment, but immediately after I’m doubled over in period like cramps mixed with the feeling of a bruised uterus. Also during sex, it has been feeling like he has been poking a bruise in there, or poking something sensitive. I never got full enjoyment out of sex, even on BC. It just never felt good for me. I always had some type of pain with it, ESPECIALLY deep penetration. I’m fed up with this and I’m seeing my Gyno on Friday. I’m not sure if I should go back on BC or if she will even listen to me about my pains. She has always seemed like the type to dismiss me because my pelvic exam is fine. I’m not even sure if this sounds like endo, or a cyst, I seem to have a mix of everything, I was wondering if anyone has relayed to these pains in any way?