A couple years back I went to my gynecologist because I had very irregular periods, deep cystic acne, excessive facial hair, hair loss, and severe mood swings. She did some bloodwork and found my androgen/testosterone levels were alarmingly high- i can't remember the number now because its been a while, but i remember her being pretty concerned about it. They did an ultrasound to rule out PCOS (i didnt have it), and put me on a contraceptive that didnt really do much except regulate my period, and i was supposed to go back but my parents never followed through. I've still been struggling with those issues but shortly after that time i gained a lot of weight and stopped taking care of myself as much, so i didn't really think about the diagnosis. When i was overweight, i was miserable because my fat placement is so masculine - small breasts, extreme protruding stomach, flat rear, fat back, small legs, excessive chin fat, etc. However, i've lost about 60 pounds since then and i'm still having those same issues, just at a lower weight.  I am an average weight now but my stomach still sticks past my chest and is bigger than my butt, my breasts are far apart and small, and my back and calves have a lot of muscle , as well as my biceps/triceps for no real reason (i dont lift weights). I also still experience the same issues as well as my deep voice and tall stature (5'9) , and its extremely discouraging as people mistake me for a man and i never feel pretty or feminine. I know high T in cis women comes with a lot of other health risks and I need to get it treated regardless- I have an appointment with an endocrinologist in a few days, and i'm most likely going to be put on some sort of treatment- and this is probably a shallow question but ive been dying to know : If I raise my estrogen levels and lower my male hormones, will it at all help my fat placement? And if so, approximately how long will it take? Also im sure my doctor will recommend one, but what is a good medication for high androgens?