I have psoc (diagnoses by my obgyn) she also later called and said I had cell abnormalities but I tested negative for every hpv+such diseases. She said they can turn into tumor and cancer in future worse case scenario. Since I was about 24 I’ve had the worst abdominal cramping when I have periods now I haven’t had a period for a year and my cramping is even worse. I usually go to the er bc my docs misdiagnosed me as having irritable bowel syndrome or other things. At this point I’m sure it’s endometriosis but have to wait for a laproscopy. My sis has endometriosis. For pain management I would take up to 300mg tramadol a day when I had even hints of the cramping and it helped it also helped with my hint of depression. It was amazing for crampS but I have run out and can’t get more. My doctor prescribed me a very small amount of hydro and it was a small dosage not enough to help with cramping unless i take 4 which is like 1/3 the bottle anyway enough for three days of emergency cramping. Should I do to a pain management clinic bc I feel both my pcp and my obgyn aren’t taking this as serious as it is. It’s a sharp stabbing pain on my lower abdomin. I’ve been to ER several times to make sure I don’t have a burst ovary or a cyst and usually intra ultrasound procedure is so painful they barely can get Get through without me screaming in pain. My obgyn just says keep taking birth control until it goes away but this BC won’t be effective for another 1-3 months. I’m dying so bad rn. I have tried  kratom for the tramadol withdrawal and also for the stomach cramping and it seems to have made it much worse. The kratom doesn’t isn’t working with me (beeen three days tried all the red strains) the only ones that worked with withdrawal and some barely  pain management were opms gold capsules which cost a fortune. Im so desperate to not feel the cramping what should I do for long term pain management instead of ER. I’m worried to death of exposing my brother (best friend) to the er when the cramping reaches level 8/9. The medicine my doc gave me was a low dose hydro with such a small quantity and I used it when I had the waves or pain 3 weeks ago. He is unlikely to prescribe more bc he is unfamiliar with endo issues. I have had a heat pack take several hot baths and etc but it’s hell. I even develop anxiety from it now. Has anyone been to a pain management clinic for long term pain treatment of endo/psoc/heavy cramping before?