So i'm going to be done with Uni soon, after this spring, and rent a small house near campus. I was traveling during spring break and when I boarded my flight back to school, we had 2 weeks of online classes. I spoke to my parents and said "nothing to worry about, i'll just hunker down for 2 weeks and it'll be fine". They were a bit up- in-arms about the whole thing, but respected my decision to stay. When I got off the plane, the whole school was closed- labs and all (which means I wont be able to do most of my classes- a bummer but not super relevant). When I told my parents (who live in a larger city than where I go to Uni, that has 3x more cases of Coronavirus) they insisted i drop everything a return home right that second (14 hour drive). I told them it's not feasible as i've spent the last 5 years building a life here and have more than what fits in the back of my car (2 cars, a bike, aquariums, pets, plants, etc.), and that i'm staying unless something really bad happens. Since i'll be done soon- the only way i'd be moving back is if I moved out completely to avoid repeat trips when my lease ends on June 1. I feel that as I've already sunk my money (half my grandparent's if you really have to know) into rent this quarter, and my life is here, that i'd rather stay- despite online classes. I pointed out to them as im in my mid 20's and they're in their late 50's, i'd rather not kill my parents if i did get it from traveling. But i digress, my mom started screaming, and i will admit, I just repeated my points louder and louder until my dad just pushed the receiver down and hung up. I am also the only child, and (while it is old school, it matters to my family) the heir (not that theres riches or anything- i've just got the burden of taking care of the whole family). I feel as if my parents are having a hard time giving up their protectiveness and realising that i'm doing a better job protecting myself. I haven't spoke to them since, and even though today is my dad's birthday (my dad and I are particularly close) he won't take my calls. I'm not sure how to feel, as i think i'm being rational- but, AITA? (i'm being safe, social distancing (the norm for me lmao), washing hands, etc.)