So I've been thinking a lot about some of the topics of this discussion lately, and it was one of those serendipitous moments where life organically allows you an outlet for the things you've been pondering. I'm taking a mini course this semester (1 hour credit) with just 4 people including myself, and our professor. The section of our reading this week was a bit sensitive in nature (we're reading Outlander and if you've read it you probably know the section of which I'm referring) and our discussion centered around the controversy which stemmed from that content. We reached a point in the conversation where we were considering how large sections of society  (particularly American society) tend to negatively label and withdraw from any topics or perspectives represented within works with which they disagree with or find inappropriate, particularly of a sexual nature. I was immediately reminded of my 17 year old self, toting around my fresh copy of Lolita I had purchased on a school trip to London (at the time I was undergoing a certain personal Renaissance and consuming just about any literature or philosophy I could). I also remember the shame I felt when my mom told me it made me look like a "creep" to carry that book around and that it certainly wasn't something anyone, at any age, should be reading. By no means was my mother in the wrong, as I'm sure her concern was more to do with her 17 year old daughter glamorizing the role of Lolita than was her concern of me finding resolve with Humbert, but I still felt incredibly embarrassed and dirty. The point I'm trying to express through all this, and the question I'd like to ask, is how do you, my fellow English lovers, feel about sensitive/sexual content in books? Do you think it is dangerous or unnecessary to read through perspectives such as Humbert, a self-acknowledged pedophile? I personally think it has much to do with the way the narrative is presented, painting actions in a light and tone which fits the implications of them, and on who the reader is. There's so much academic and cognitive value in placing oneself in vastly different and varying perspectives, but at what point is it considered unnecessary or, as my dear mother so poignantly says it, just plain "creepy"?