My mom is a 73 year old type nine. Up until five years ago she had spent the entirety of my 25 years of life, and many years before that, devoted to my type 8, narcissistic dad’s every beck and call. Then he died, and for the past five years she has spent her life glued to a tv screen or tablet. To be honest her life wasn’t that much different before but she had my dad to cater to which created structure in her life. But the thing is that my dad was emotionally abusive towards her for as long as I can remember. It was really very bad but despite this she never verbally acknowledged his treatment of her and when I would bring it up she would stone wall. For me it was awful growing up bc he was also emotionally abusive towards me but she would not support me or acknowledge his terrible treatment of us bc she was dead set on convincing herself that nothing was wrong, that he loved us, that his outbursts meant nothing. I only got her to even admit it was emotionally abusive a couple months ago and now I’m trying to get her to see a therapist. I moved back in with her about seven months ago and at that time she was in a very bad state. Not eating bc she didn’t want to cook for herself, not leaving the house for days, having very little contact with other people. She suffers from terrible anxiety and OCD (altho she won’t admit it I know she has it bc I had it too growing up, probably as a learned behavior from her, so I notice the signs) which keeps her in crippling fear of approaching things that are outside her comfort zone. Since I’ve been here tho she’s been much, much better since now she’s less lonely. She leaves the house more even if it’s just for little walks. And I cook so I’ve been cooking our meals. But the thing is that if I don’t cook, she won’t eat more than like bird food of toast and milk. And it’s soooo haaaaarrrrrddddd to motivate her to do anything other than watch YouTube or Netflix. She’s in great shape! And she doesn’t have anything physically holding her back but I know she’s still so unhappy and could really benefit from volunteering or joining a senior center or a club or something. Whenever I push her outside of her comfort zone she is so happy afterwards that she did it and gets so excited about the thing, but it’s so much effort for me to get her to do anything and I don’t want to be constantly nagging her all the time. I have friends who are married to other type nines and they also feel as though they need to nag them a lot to do something and I’m just wondering if that’s the right way to go about it? After my dad passed away I tried to push her to do stuff and then I realized that pushing isn’t very supportive bc it undermined her feelings. But now it’s five years later and I’m just like, what other options are there??? Pushing seems like the only way that’s worked but I don’t want to undermine her own self dignity by being THAT person bc that is also not supportive I feel like the best way is to encourage things within them that help them believe in themselves enough so that they are motivated but what if that doesn’t work? I also just can’t watch her rot away when she still can still get out in the world and enjoy life.  But I would like to move out again at some point and would like to do so without worrying that she is retreating to her bed cave for the rest of eternity.