Why do i constantly feel the need to prove I am different more specifically that I turned out differently than the rest of my family. I don't like most of my cousins (bc they are conservative and ignorant and just overall vile people with no sense of identity outside their religion/CULTure) however I almost look forward to seeing them at family gatherings just so I can show them how different I have turned out and how they lack awareness and a sense of self. I enjoy fighting with my family because for some reason when it's over I have this feeling of almost pride that I am an individual independent of their influence despite them being so overbearing in my younger years (for ex they are all mostly trying to pursue careers in the STEM fields while I am more of a creative/humanities person). I could have turned out like the rest of my cousins ( conservative religious nutjobs) BUT i did not. I am unequivocally me, yet for some reason I don't feel that way unless I show them that I am. Why can't I just be happy being me without others knowing? Why do I have to prove to others that I'm so "me". It's making life difficult and it's gotten to a point where i will almost daydream scenarios and hype myself up for when I see them so I can put them down for how sheepish they are (that makes me sounds bad but they are shitty people so I don't feel as bad). I have so much pent up aggression towards my family for trying so hard to influence me and their holier than thou attitudes about being a certain way and I don't really know how to move on. I'm only 17 so it might be me finally growing up and having to deal with a lot of it or maybe its because Ive had to spend more time with my parents bc of the whole quarantine situation but I never realized how angry I am at them. I dont want to sound edgy but i dont think ill ever get over the fact that they have constantly denied me my feelings simply because they care more about their community and culture and norms over their child. Sorry this post isn't coherent its 1 am and Im tired and a little sad/ slightly going a little crazy because I havent seen the light of day since like last friday.