I can put on a facade that attracts a lot of attention in social situations. Especially now as an adult, I’ve learned to publicly tone down my more bizarre, random and depressing personality traits which causes me to be popular wherever I go and I can socialize with ease becoming very chatty. I was developing this ability in high school but it lacked finesse and I came off as depressive instead of contemplative and manic instead of charming and therefore had no social life and tried to be as invisible as possible. Even when I’m the center of attention, I still feel out of place like I don’t fit in and am secretly being mocked. I’m also gay and have struggled with a crippling fear of rejection which has left me with little to no close friends who I abandon and very few sexual partners and not one close friendship. Due to this fear, I often tailor my speech and body language as a way to avoid eliciting any potential scrutiny from people. In public, people assume that I work in the entertainment industry and must have a huge social media following because of my presentation and fashion sense and are shocked when I admit that I’m quite the isolate and have no social media due to my negative body image. In private, I spend most of my days in bed listening to emotionally inspiring music while I fantasize about love, success and fame that I’m too self conscious to ever go after. Although I’m also incredibly silly with loved ones and give off a 7w6 vibe with my playful trolling, random rants and goofy, childlike demeanor. In my social situations, I’m observant and will initially scan the environment for signs of potential rejection and wait for people to approach me before I put on my social facade. In this state, my social anxiety is crippling. I can’t go to an establishment that I’ve never been to before without the assistance of a loved one for emotional support. Making phone calls is a daunting task and until recently, I procrastinated going to the dentist for years due to phone anxiety. However once I get past the initial awkwardness, I become quite comfortable with social interaction and can actually become quite intimate with people and push for a connection before pulling away due to self consciousness and fear of rejection. I have severe OCD/Body Dysmorphic Disorder and refuse to date until I can improve my appearance which I’m currently working on. I’m in my mid 20s and am obsessed with having the perfect skincare routine to maximize my attractiveness in the hopes that it’ll improve my confidence and quell my feelings of intense envy. I also have an unrealistic fear of aging even though I get confused for a high school student still. I’m very immature and gravitate towards college students as friends because I’m afraid of needing to settle down like my peers before my life has even started. I have a difficult time progressing through life because of my failure to launch syndrome. I overthink every decision which leads to indecision. I also like stability but hate routine and often leave jobs after 6 months. I also tend to get way too personal with my coworkers and allow them to see my negative emotional states and will detach due to embarrassment of allowing myself to lose control. I’m very emotional but also extremely objective. I also have a nasty vindictive streak that I rarely act on unless really offended. It’s mostly just fantasies that usually get triggered if someone belittles me or acts in a way I deem to be immoral. I have a “two wrongs make a right” mentality. Despite appearing benevolent and cheery from a distance, once people take the time to get to know me, they discover that I’m actually quite morbid and subtly hateful. Lastly, I can talk about myself for hours lol. In a slightly arrogant way, I think my psyche is incredibly interesting and I often see myself as the protagonist of a film and have a sense of self importance that doesn’t come across in person. So what do you guys think? Any input is appreciated!