Upon hearing the news of Senator Sander's withdrawal from the Presidential Race, I can only say that the people have spoken and the Democratic Republic of the US has functioned as designed. Regretfully, the American people are still blind, fulll of pride, and fear. I would like to allude to a book named Crime and Punishment by Dostoevsky. We live in a world full of the ordinary everyday people. These people do not want change or progress or improvements. The mundane tasks of each day and the daily labor to which they are ensalved to by nature will forever hold them captive. Unfortunately, these conditions and restraints bring them a sense of security, familiarity, and comfort from the fear of the unknown, the world beyond, the gifts of the divine, and the imagination of mankind. To the lay person, the world is paved with paper. Paper that rips, burns, and have no value even in gold. They grasp for every dollar. They fight and quarrel in the name of god. We often forget what life is about. I have lived and lived fully. I've been hurt and have suffered. However, I did not do so in vain. I do not regret the pain because it always had meaning to me, and thats why I call it sacrifice. I grew up a devout Christian. I have read the books of the Bible and spent thousands of hours contemplating and speaking to the god. He ever spoke to me once. He asked if I believed that I only enter heaven after leaving this world he created. That is when I realized that heaven is not a place or time or anything we imagine it to be. Heaven is here on Earth. Heaven is in our hearts. Heaven is the dreams that we all dream. Heaven is the world we strive for. Along the way, we got lost as sheep do. We as humans have killed god before. We killed him violently and indenial of the promises he made. There may be only one god we have killed or we may have killed hundreds and thousands over our history. As we yell "CRUCIFY, CRUCIFY, CRUCIFY;" some of us mutter under our breath "forgive them for they do not know what they are doing." How could I be angry at the ignorant and the unknowing. The extraordinary always dwell among us. They bring the change and make the impossible happen. In doing so, they shake the very foundations of conservatism and the known world. With every improvement and progress, we destroy and move on from the past to become better. I understand how scary it can be. I supported Bernie for who he was and what he stood for. He may concede, die, and disappear in history. Covered up by the dust that is gathering over the world. But somewhere within the hearts of many people, his dreams of a better world lives on. I don't live for myself or just my family. I live for everyone here with me. Whether you are white, asian, black, green, purple, gay, lesbian, trans, disabled, girl, or boy, I want to share this world with you. I want to help when you need help. I want to give you food when I don't have enough for myself. I want to give you my shirt when it is the only shirt I own. These were the ideas Senator Sanders stood for. These are the ideas that we fear as mankind.