When “Halo: Reach” came out, it came out with different editions besides the basic $60 game. This included the “Legendary Edition” game with a statue created by MacFarlane Toys. Xbox also came out special Reach-themed console with a basic physical copy. My long-timed friend wanted the statue and console—so he got both. Therefore, he had an extra game. All our friends already had the game bought and on reserve at whatever Gamespot was called back then. I was the only one that  did not reserve a copy. I was planning to pre-order it online from BigRiverStore(BRS) because I would get it on the release date through the mail. and I would also get a $20 BFS gift card. My friend asked if I wanted to buy his extra copy $60 for full price. I declined explaining my plan unless he willing to sell it for $40.  He stressed why am I buying from BRS when I can but it from him, a friend, for the same price.  I stressed that I was getting $20 gift card, which I plan to use ASAP, so really I was getting it for $40 (and no taxes I may add). But he stressed still that I was paying full price from BRS so why not him. I explained the math to him: Yes... Right now... I pay $60... but I get $20... to spend for my next BRS purchase... to use at any other time. He then explained that I wouldn’t get it at midnight and I couldn’t play it right away (he would ask for vacation time anything a huge AAA game came out). I told him I have to work; I am going to be bed, and when I returned from work, it will be in the mail ready-to-play. “Fine, I just don’t know why you won’t help a bro out.” He was genuinely pissed and bitterly told me he could sell it for full-price to someone else, and of course I was pissed off by his stupidity and entitlement. “Tell me my friend. Which of our friends who have already reserved and bought their copies do you plan sell to? And what stranger is willing to buy a game... second-hand... at full price... when they can just go to Wal-Mart, Target, Best Buy,  Hastings, and the five other stores in our town.  You are never going to sell that for full price. You might get a better deal then $40, but for me anything over would be a hit making it a BAD DEAL.” He spewed a bunch of nonsense that he knew all these coworkers who were “Halo” fans and he was going sell it for $60. Years later, he still has it on his bookcase in its original shrink wrap. I am pretty sure he has it still—I stopped being friends with him two years ago.