basically I work at a pool I am a lifeguard there there’s a big pool a medium-ish pool in smog Pro for the kids. I was sitting at the lifeguard stand near the medium pool in the small pool. Here comes em I see her watching her kid EK go into the pool. EK mommy mommy can I go into big pool. EM sure you can let me just ask the lifeguard. EM Goes up to me. Hey can my precious angel go into the big pool. Me no it is too deep and dangerous for him he might drown. Does he know how to swim. EM obviously having that face that she is about to lie. She says yes he can swim perfectly. I still said no because it was too dangerous for him. I can tell that she got mad by hearing this answer. EM let my son go into the big pool right now or I will tell your manager. I said no it is too dangerous for your son and he might drown. She goes to the ticket stand will you get the tickets to get into the pool and asked if he can see your manager. The person I work with asked   why. She said because the lifeguard won’t let my little princess into the big pool. She said it Will be too dangerous for your child he might get hurt, drown etc. she started to flip out. EK mommy can I still go in the big kid pool. Em don’t worry you will be in the pool soon. I looked up the kid and he was on the verge of crying.   EM if you don’t let my son in the big pool right now I will call the police. The person I work with said you can call the police there’s nothing for us to get arrested for. She called the police and around 10 minutes later they came. I went off the lifeguard seat and I was about to go on my break. I can hear EM talking about me to the officer. Em This life guard won’t let my son into the big pool. Officer it is good that she won’t let your child into the big pool it is too dangerous for him he might get hurt drown etc. EM but my son will be fine in the pool he knows how to swim perfectly fine. EK mommy what am I going into the pool. EM you’ll be going into the pool soon honey. Officer no he will not go into the big pool it is too dangerous for him. The person I work with came over and was talking with the officer. Officer she called the police for no reason. Her eye no kids under 11 or even allowed to swim in the big pool. EM we’re just over to the person I work with and the officer. Ran it’s a swimming pool anyone can swim in a pool. Officer if you don’t cut it out I will arrest you. EM but the lifeguard was trying to assault me. I was thinking what the hell she’s the one who is yelling at me about her kid going in the big pool. I came over to the officer. I said I was never trying to assault her she was the one yelling at me about her kid not going in the big pool. I could tell the officer was done. My Manager came out she told me that I could go on my break. When I was walking off I could see EM in handcuffs. That was an experience