 So, I never thought i would have a story to post here, but I just got one now. So recently I got diagnosed with aplastic anemia and stomach cancer. I'm having a ball right now. I had to go to the hospital to get basically all my blood drained from my body, and my plasma separated. Again super fun. Anyway I got that done recently and I have been taking Xeloda (Chemo pills). I'm a bald 16 yro. Since I'm a minor, I go to a children's hospital in my State. It's in the richer area, so I deal with people giving me looks all the time. I don't care about that.I just got my blood drained so I could get a blood transfusion. I asked the nicest nurse ever to wheel me into eh waiting room so my mom could come pick me up and I could go home and rest. Now, I was slurring my words, barely having my eyes open, and was pale as fuck. Now pair that with my baldness and not being able to walk, I didn't look well. the nurse wheeled me in, and sat me in one of the chairs. It was packed that day and there was only 1 chair next to me that was empty. So i'm just sleeping when this lady comes up and shakes me. I barely look up at her. This Karen had her 8 yro child with her. Karen asked me to get up so she and her child can sit together. I slur my words and try to tell her 'I can't physically move.' She continues to pester me, then huffs and walks away. This bitch is glaring at me while she walks around try to get another seat. She can't find one so she comes back to me. (All the while her child is screaming for her moms phone so she can play a game.) Once she gets to me, she starts asking in a more demanding tone and leaning over me. I can;'t even move so I try to lean my weight in the opposite way because this cunt was nose to nose with me. After she sees I'm still not moving she starts screaming at the top of her lungs. The best part about it? I passed out. She thought I was ignoring her. She slaps me to wake me up( which I didn't) and gets escorted out by the nice nurse. The ironic thing too was her child wasn't sick. She was just constipated. The nurse told me as she wheeled me out to my mom. Again, ***this lady took her 8 yro child to a children's hospital because it was constipated.*** What a fucking idiot. i'm fucking pressing charges. I bet Karen's business will love when they see her slapping a passes out minor that has cancer. I'm going to burn this bitch alive. Just thought this belonged here.