I worked with one! She was a meth addict and at first I'm like okay maybe she's trying to recover and work on her life so she needs a job, right? I'm a server. Her second day of the job she comes in with pumpkin orange hair because she tried to bleach it. Manager tells her hey, no strange colors, but no worries for today we'll get your online training knocked out. She did that and still was trying to bleach her hair for the other 2 days she was training, which she explained to the manager. They decide to give her a couple weeks to get the hair right and start letting her take tables. Just 2 for a couple days, then 4, then 6, then 8. She gets to the 4 table stage, so about 2 weeks after training. Super busy night even for our normally full restaurant. Host is trying to go easy on her so she currently has 3 tables and everyone else has 8. Some have parties of 15+. She. Flips. Out. She starts crying and screaming that we're triple seating her but each table had like 10 minutes between being sat cause the hosts are fucking awesome. She is 40 years old. Had supposedly been a server for 15 years. No biggie, maybe it's a rough night. Send her home, divide her section. Extra money for us and we'll try again. She doesnt come to work the next day. We're all worried about her, manager calls. She said she wrote her schedule wrong. Comes in the next day and we try 4 tables again on a slower night. She does okay but apparently was refusing to run anyone's food but her own. Shes literally telling everyone who asks for a follow hand that it isnt her job. Manager pulls her aside and tells her that everyone helps everyone and of she doesnt want to he will just have her host. She decides she would rather host and everyone sighs a breath of relief because thank God we dont have to hear her whine about seating and she'll see how hard it is to pace the door properly and be more empathetic toward the other hosts. She double and triple seats everyone on her first night alone because she refuses to mark anyone down for their tables. Then she finally did it. She came to my table of 3. A mom and two little boys. I came back for the 2 minute checkup and she comes right behind me and grabs the son's steak that he had taken 2 bites out of and takes off. The mom is calling for her, I'm yelling at her to stop, the son starts looking like he's devastated. I look at the mom and tell her I'll be right back with a new steak and a manager right now and I'll pay out of pocket for any dessert they want. After I tell the manager he takes her into the office and a couple minutes later we all hear her screaming about how she wants to talk to the managers boss that minute and she's going to have him fired. Manager had told her she was being written up. Not fired. Written up. When she came back the next night I was off but allegedly someone told her to wipe down a table again because it was sticky and she walked out yelling about how we always talk shit behind her back anyway.