I didn't really want to put this but I'm older now so fuck it. I grew up a very quiet kid, to the point where my grandmother didn't know my own voice. I was quiet because of my mother, my mom and dad kinda forced themselves together for my brother and I, my sister was a different case as my mother was raped at 15 and there for was pregnant. I was created due to my father thinking he could not have children because of an ex having a miscarriage and never telling him. My mother didn't really need his help but she still told my dad that I was his (thankfully this was before he drank more otherwise he would have killed my mother and I) he accepted it but did not like. My dads family on the other hand were not so nice, his sister and cousins would jump my mom in an attempt to kill me, and my grandmother tried to make my mom drink while in pregnancy. As I grew up I didn't really talk around them as to not give any information about my mom that would get me taken away from her. The only real thing that would have done that was she smoked often but always made sure D (my brother) L(my sister) and I were no where near. My father was a local rapper and was very good but one day he was sent to jail for beating my mother, he was drunk and my mother was someone you do not want to fuck with but she knew if she fought back, he would have killed her out of anger.i witnessed this at the age of 2. My mom had enough and divorced him. Now my mom was kind enough to give my father custody. I saw him on weekends and any holidays. Although he did not take these as reason to see me. 5 birthdays, 7 Christmases and 2 Thanksgivings, he missed. When I was 10 he had found a nice woman but something was off and mom knew, my mom still cares about my dads wellbeing so she told him. The woman (K) had a 1 month yr old daughter who I adored (I grew for kids due to babysitting very often) but K was using my dad for his money. She had married him but they lived in a small town near Houston called Beaumont. He had no problem even though that meant D and I could only see him once a month. During the flooding a few years back in Houston had also effected there as he left her. He almost died but helicopter had noticed him and saved him. He didn't even care that he may have never seen D or I ever again. He now has a new house and I still see him but he acts like I was raised by him all this time when he still messes up my own name which is his name but with something added to the end. He doesn't even know my favorite color. Now as I go over to stay with him on the weekends (and weeks due to summer and all) he kinda just uses me as a worker. One time he dropped me off to school on the weekend for an ROTC meeting, for the first time I heard him say something that made me feel like he cared "I'm proud of you". That was the last time I ever heard those words. This is the end of my story, I hope I didn't bum you out.