you will go for a walk, you're wearing a corset and tight skirt with thigh high stockings but no panties.  You will go to white ave and start walking down the curb flaunting your ass and pussy to passing cars.    Then you notice a truck following you down the block with the windows rolled down. The truck pulls up next to you and you lean in the window resting your tits on the door showing off your cleavage and you ask the driver if he'll give you a lifted in exchange for a blow job the driver says maybe, you say you want to go to west ed and he says for a trip to the mall he wants you to suck his dick and then when you get to the mall he wants to fuck you in the parking lot!! You think about it and say a ride and $40 for a suck and fuck!! The driver says $50 and he gets to cum in your ass.   You feel your pussy getting wet anticipating the fucking all your holes will be getting a single drop of hot fuck juice rolls down your thigh.  You climb in and as the truck pulls away you start to unbuckle the driver’s belt and unzip his pants wanting to get his cock in your hungry mouth!!  As you reach into his boxers and pull out his stiff cock, he grabs the hair on the back of your head and forces you down on his cock!! He tells you to suck like a good whore, so you start sucking as hard as you can all the time he is driving you to the mall and as he pushes your head back down every time you raise it up, all you can think is how hard his cock is and how much you love being forced to gag on this guys hard dick!! Then he tells you to lift your skirt so he can see your ass!   So as you bob your head up and down sucking his cock as hard as you can you flip up your skirt exposing your ass, he tells you to keep sucking whore and then lets go of your head and you suddenly fell his hand on your ass smacking you again and again the stinging smacks make your pussy quiver and you slow down your blow job, then his hand is back on your head and he's shoving your head down on his cock till you're deep throating him and he's saying no no my cum dumpster you keep sucking that dick my little whore!! You go back to sucking the hard cock in your mouth as hard as you can taking the whole shaft into your mouth and down your throat, then the hand is on your ass but this time it's not smacking you but you wish it was until you feel it grabbing you ass and spreading your cheeks then you feel it a pressure in your asshole a wet finger probing you back door, you moan as the finger penetrates your tight hole and slowly starts fucking your ass, all this time still driving to the mall.   Your ass is now getting finger banged and your sucking cock as hard as you can, the driver says you have such a tight little asshole that he's really looking forward to breaking in such a sweet little ass and that he can't wait to pump a load of cum deep into you backside, you moan again as he sticks another finger in your ass you stretching out your young tight hole.  As your ass gets pumped you keep sucking his cock you love the feeling of that dick in your mouth and then it stiffens in your mouth ready to shoot it's load and you raise your head but before you can get that hard cock out of your mouth the hand is back forcing you down and making you take that hot cum down the back of your throat, shot after shot of sticky cum bursts from that dick and slides down your throat. As the orgasm passes and you swallow that last of daddy's cum you go to raise your head again only his hand is holding you down still, you look up at his face and he smiles and says hey the rides not over keep sucking slut. You don't know what to do but you hope if you keep sucking he'll go back to stretching out your ass with his fingers, so you start sucking that cock back to being hard and for good measure you start playing with his balls and before long there are three fingers buried deep in your ass!  Soon the driver says well we're almost there are you ready for a hard fucking and to have you ass pounded too?? You mumble yes around the once again hard cock in your mouth as you continue to slurp and suck on that hard fuck meat!! He says I'll pull into the parkade under cover and we can have a little privacy, you’re so wet by now that your pussy juices are soaking the seat of the truck!   He pulls in and shuts off the truck and again his hand is on the back of your head but this time his other hand covers your eyes with a blindfold and then you feel your hands being retrained with plastic zip ties, your not sure what's happening but the driver leans down to your ear and whispers “now whore your really going to earn your money!!”  You start to feel scared and suddenly you're alone in the truck, as the driver has gotten out, then the door behind you opens and two strong hands grab your legs and drag you across the seat and then you feel cuffs go around your ankles but these are different they're soft but tight and they don't bind your legs together they spread them apart there seems to be a bar between them then you feet are on the ground and a hand is pushing your face into the truck seat as you feel fingers slipping into your wet cunt and fucking you hard and fast. You moan and whimper but you're pinned down to the truck seat and can't go anywhere! And the hand fucking you is pumping hard and faster and you cry out just as you cum all over the fingers you juices flow down both your legs and the driver says from behind you that's my little cum slut and as you stand there pussy quivering from the orgasm those fingers gave you and feeling frightened and being blinded just as you start to calm down you again feel pressure on your asshole you start to squirm and your say your not ready but then the pressure stops for a second and then comes back as the drivers lubed cock slips into your tight asshole all the way up to his balls at first you wince with the thrust of his dick deep into your ass you cry out only to find he sticks a ball gag in your mouth and fastens it behind your head so now your hands and ankles are restrained your eyes are blindfolded and your bent over the truck seat getting brutally ass fucked,  but slowly fear starts to be replaced with sexual pleasure as that hard cock keeps slamming into you and his balls slapping your wet pussy and then there is a hand playing with your clit too your moaning and whimpering through the gag but it only makes him pound your ass harder and faster, which is what you hoped for. Then suddenly your down on your knees spun around and he's shooting long strings if cum on your face and down your cleavage!! Then hot sticky goo slides down between your tits and it hangs off your chin too!  Then you're being raised to your feet and you shuffle a few steps and your turned around again and your skirt is cut off of your body and your corset is pulled down so your nipples are exposed, your feel some one playing with your nipples pinching biting sucking then something is clamped onto your nipples and the cuffs on your ankles seem to be tied to something you can't move your feet anymore.  Then the cuffs on your wrists are cut free but then strong hands take you wrists over your head and put them in cuffs like on your ankles they are soft but strong. Now you are restrained against something spread eagle hand and ankles out stretched and cum covering your face and tits.  You wait with anticipation of whats to cum next.   After a few minutes there is someone playing with your wet pussy again and the driver whispering in your ear again “does my little whore want cock in her pussy?? Well does she does she want a big fat cock in your shaved little cunt??” You moan and try to say yes please fuck my cunt around the gag in your mouth!  One of your ankles is freed and then you leg gets lifted at the knee hung over a strong arm providing easy access to your soaking wet pussy, you feel the head of a hard cock sliding up and down your pussy lips and then slowly inch by inch that dick starts to push deeper inside your sweet little fuck hole. You moan and pull against the restraints waiting to feel that dick all the way inside of you and then he switches from slow to fast and hard and start fucking the shit out of your pussy, this is the roughest fuck you've ever had, a continuous pounding on your poor pussy, it’s still a little sore from the finger fucking you already took, and now this, but with each little shock of pain you're getting wetter and wetter and then smack, a stinging smack on your tits you’re shocked and almost cum involuntarily! You've never been treated so roughly and you're loving it being used and abused by this guy it’s making you hornier and hotter than ever and your pussy juices are flowing all over his cock and you continue to thrash against the restraints as he pumps you tight young pussy! “You start screaming around the gag Fuck me!!! Fuck me harder!!!” And then a hand wraps around your throat and your starting to cum again and your pussy is contracting around his dick trying to milk the cum right out of it and you thrash and orgasm and then you feel it, his cock stiffens and his sperm is shooting deep into your pussy load after load deep into your cunt and your thrashing and try to drive that cock deeper into your cunt so that his cum fills your pussy until it’s entirely full!!    And then the driver pulls out of your ruined cunt and you feel him slide out and cum run down your leg, your other leg is put back down and the cuff is back on your ankle, your hands are freed, but then another set of cuffs go on metal and cold you can shuffle but thats it. You shuffle a few steps and then are put up on a table strapped down so your head is over the edge of the table upside down and the bar between your ankles is back and hooked up to something attached to the ceiling  leaving all your holes with easy access. Then you hear a door open and some voices the driver says yeah she's tied up back there and she has some sweet holes to fuck guys!!   You feel hands suddenly from everywhere playing with your tits fingering your ass and pussy and then the gag comes off and a cock is shoved down your throat, there must be four guys pawing at you and rubbing their dicks all over you!! Then someone climbs on the table and a cock gets thrust into your by now sore pussy and another is pushed into your ass all the time you are being face fucked by a third. You keep getting pounded in all your holes as they take turns fucking you in every hole cumming on you or in you as they laugh the whole time saying what a tight little slut you are!! You get fucked like that for a couple hours and then they finish off by each cumming in your mouth and then they leave and you hear the drivers voice again, “I told you you were going to earn your money whore!!” Then he loads you back in the truck and again your driving wrists cuffed but your ankles are free he has your head in his lap again and he stuffs his dick in your mouth but your all used up and can barely suck another cock. You're covered in cum have no skirt and are sucking one more dick the driver forces your head down for one more load of cum and then just leaves is dick in your mouth for the rest of the trip.  After a bit the truck stops he shoves something down your corset and pulls you out of the truck throws your coat and sweats on the ground then uncuffs your wrists but before you can take off the blindfold you hear the truck roar away, your standing on the street he picked you up on pussy exposed covered in cum and throughly used and all you can think is when can we do that again!!