When Chad told me he was going to make me cum multiple times I laughed.  He leaned down and kissed me harder and said “what is your record for getting yourself off in one day ?” I looked at him puzzled “uhh three” he shook his head and sat up “that’s going to be way to easy to beat” he was on his knees between my legs and pulled my legs pulling my pussy to him. He ran his hands down my sides and up my thighs putting my legs over his shoulders.  He smiled and leaned down, taking my hands in his and holding them down to the bed.  My knees were in my chest, my arms were being held down and I couldn’t move.  His first thrust was hard and deep and I moaned.  He smiled at me and did it again, long, hard thrust. “I’m going to make that pussy mine” Chad said.  I laughed and said “you’re going to try to” he thrusted again and I moaned “If I break your record and make you cum more than 3 times today... this pussy is mine” when his said “this pussy” he thrusted hard and deep.  I didn’t think he could do it, not before getting off again himself or getting tired.  I giggled “oh ok Superman, let’s see you try” giving him a hard time. He smiled “good girl” and thrusted hard, deep and fast inside me.  My ass was slightly raised, his cock was so deep inside me.  My pussy dripping wet.  Chad moaned “good God woman this pussy is amazing” I smiled “yet it’s still mine”. He growled.  It was cute ... he was a bit frustrated with that statement but it was also sexy as fuck. He thrusted again, hard and fast.  He stopped and leaned down kissing me and said “do you trust me ?” I looked at him puzzled. “Yea.  I mean... I feel safe and protected by you. I know you wouldn’t hurt me” he smiled “good.  Close your eyes and don’t move” I did what I was told. He stood up and grabbed his hand cuffs, I could tell that’s what they were based off the sound they made. I instantly opened my eyes and sat up straight “relax, I’m not going to hurt you. Close your eyes and If you want to stop, say your badge number” I laughed “oook” he pushed me to the bed laughing at me. “You moves faster than ever when you heard these” his mouth moved over my nipples, teasing them. My hands were above my head, cuffed to the bed and my eyes were closed like I promised.  “Now that I’m in control and you can’t be bossy and moving around on me. I’ll make that pussy mine now” Chad said.  He grabbed my hips and pushed a pillow under my ass. He spread my legs wide and started to rub my clit , I wiggled and he pushed his hand on my leg and held it down. I moaned. I wasn’t use to not being in control.  I was always in control of everything and this was different. This was hot. This was sexy.  This was ... terrifying. He slide his thick hard cock in my pussy but not far and slowly thrusted.  His finger rubbing my clit was fast and circular motion.  He pulled his cock out and ran it up my slit and over my clit and I moaned.  “Oh you like when I tease you ? “ he said  as he did it again. “Mmm that pussy if yours .. err I mean mine is so fuckin wet for me” I smiled and said “and waiting for number two” he thrusted hard inside me.  It was almost a challenge when I said to him he couldn’t do something   He thrusted hard and fast, rubbing my clit.  “You’re going to cum on my cock and when you try to get away you won’t be able to and you’ll cum again” he thrusted hard and fast.  My pussy swallowing his cock, dripping wet and swelling. I was about to cum but I knew with this angle I would squirt. “Fuck if you don’t stop that I’m going to cum really hard.  And when I do I squirt” I said moaning.  Trying to move my legs but he was holding them apart.  “Fuck yes baby, cum on my cock like that” Chad wanted my cum.  He wanted me to be pleased.  He fucked me hard and fast and was begging for me to squirt for him.  I moaned my back arched, my legs started to tremble and he moaned “fuck yes” as he did I started to cum hard.  Squirting all over his cock soaking him. I tried to move my legs again “no fuck that baby, you’re cuming like that again” he thrusted harder and faster, I couldn’t believe it but I could feel myself not being finished cumming but another one about to happen. He knew it too “fuck it’s so hot your pussy tightens like that” he moaned. I came again squirting all over his cock. He slapped his cock over my pussy as I squirted.  And slammed back into me “one more and it’s mine” Chad moaned. He threw my legs over his shoulders again and leaned down, his hand runs to my nipple and he pinches them.  I moaned loudly “mmm you like those played with, don’t you ?” As he twisted in nipple making me moan loudly “yes” his hand moved to my throat and he squeezed “now be a good girl and cum for me again” I moaned as his thick cock slammed into my pussy.