Her hand smoothed down her pencil skirt and as she brushed her hands across the white blouse admired herself in her full length mirror and smiled at how beautiful she felt inside and how it reflect on her outside. She turned for his approval and her mood deflated as she saw him deep asleep, the duvet covering only the bottom half of his naked body. She sighed and strode across the room bending gracefully she kissed him gently on the cheek. The desire to slip the duvet down and take him in her mouth as he slept was strong and she had to physically force herself out of the room the lure of coffee her mental excuse. The day was warm she picked up her bag and keys and headed down the hallway, something stirred inside and brought a confusion to her as though she had forgotten something. She turned and there he stood halfway up the stairs a white towel wrapped around his waist. Her body froze as he strode down the stairs and right into her heart. His hand wrapped round the back of her neck and his thumb pressed hard against her cheek tilting her face up to his. He pressed his leg between hers and she had no choice but to step back until she was pinned against the wall. He ran his thumb across her lips and kissed her with a passion that tore through her whole body, she dropped her bag and keys unable to resist the desire within. He pulled the towel from his waist and she groaned inside as her hands grabbed the hem of her skirt and pulled it up over her thighs so she could spread her legs for him. His hunger was fierce as she felt him tug her panties to one and side his tip hot and swollen gave her instant pleasure as he slipped his whole length deep inside her soaking lips in one go. She bit her lip as he kissed down her neck and tore her blouse apart. His hand grabbed her whole breast and he gripped so tight she feared he may rip it from her chest. His thrusts we hard and deep he pushed her up the wall till she was on her tiptoes. She was lost with him and through his kiss she felt his lips mime 'come for me' her body exploded and she wrapped he legs around him for dear life as he fucked her hard against the wall throbbing tight inside her till she felt him shoot deep inside her and the second wave of pleasure hit her body full on.  Her body went limp and she felt him travel down her body. Her mind was screaming she could take more, then he lifted her limp body over his shoulder and carried her upstairs. 'You are going to be late for work today' he laughed and spanked her on the arse. She smiled his mark on her breast would be with her for days, inside she was calm x.