I have had a dream, a dream where I walked into your house and we were the only two people there.   You are standing in the kitchen preparing a meal for everyone.   I come up behind you an ever so slowly run my fingers down your neck, just ever so lightly, barely touching you yet just enough to give you the shivers.   You turn your head to look at me not saying a word, you just smile an continue preparing the meal.   I slowly start touching you all over your body.   I start to slide my hands down your side and continue down your hips to remove you sweats exposing your beautiful ass.    My hands are still exploring your body.   Running my finger tips all over your bare ass and hips.  The entire time you are begging me to touch your pussy and I keep telling you to be a good girl an wait     I start to completely undress you while standing behind you.   I continue run my fingers all over your back and ass. Even whispering in you ear to be patient, enjoy the tenderness of my touch while you can because you will feel me tomorrow.   You keep trying to touch me and I keep slapping your hands, telling you no, you reach for my hard cock an I spank your ass as hard as I can   I tell you, I am in charge an you will do as you are told.   I tell you to put both hands on the counter and spread your legs while I remove my jeans.   You are so wet it is dripping down the inside of your thigh.   I take my hard cock and rub it on your asshole, you get tense, but when I put my finger on your clit an start moving it in small circles,  you moan,  pushing you hips against my hard cock, grinding you ass on my cock, begging me to put my hard cock in your dripping wet pussy.   I bend you over on the counter and go down on my knees and start licking your asshole, licking the rim while my fingers explore you wet pussy.  I spank your ass a few more times just to hear you whimper.  Slowly I turn you around so you are facing me and your pussy is right in front of my face.  I move my mouth closer, first kissing you on your thigh, then kissing right above your clit.   Your breathing quickens, you push your hips into my face trying to get me to lick your clit, virtually begging me to suck on it.   I look up at you while standing up, taking a brief moment to bite your tit.  Moving my mouth over you skin nibbling on you  just enough to make you flinch.  Your nipples are hard, begging to be sucked, your pussy is so wet it is dripping down your thigh.  You beg me to fuck you and are still reaching for my hard cock begging me to have it inside of you.  I take your face in my hand and slap you a crossed you mouth, telling you to hush,  telling you that you are my fuck toy and i will do with you as i see fit.   I guide you over to the couch an lay you down on it.  I take a minute and just look at you laying there naked, laying there begging to feel my cock inside of you.   Begging me to put my hands on your throat an choke you while I pound your pussy till you cum on my hard cock.