 So when I first started the game I played for a bit but at this  time I didn't know that the alpha container was something you're supposed to get on purchase. The only secure container that I knew of was the gamma container. So after getting off for the night that day I watched some beginner guide videos because I was horrible at the game, this is when I discovered that I didn't start off with the container. So the next day I made a post on the reddit and people told me I either had to reset my account or try to contact support. I didn't want to reset my account as I had already found the marked key and made decent progress with Prapor, so I contacted support only to be told the same automated response over and over telling me to reset my account or use other in-game methods. Also since the support team takes so F\*\*\*ing long to respond by the time the tickets had closed (BTW I closed the ticket and opened a new one because they began to ignore me) I was already level 10 with 1 mil rubles a bunch of keys, M4, val, couple m1as, and other guns and valuable loot with even more trader progress. So I made another ticket describing my situation asking to talk to an actual person and once again I got the same automated response so I replied and said that I want to talk to a person and I made it very clear that I do not want to reset my account and I asked if I could just have the item added to my stash since I payed for it and rightfully deserve it, and the wonderful support team clapped back with "We don't do things like that" meaning they don't add things to people's inventories which I would completely understand if I was begging for a free gamma case, BUT I'M NOT. All im asking is to receive what I PAID FOR and its not like they never add things to peoples inventories, they gave one of my buddies an item because something similar occurred to him, when the servers were bad earlier this year they gave everyone 1 mil rubles as an apology. So why am I an exception that they absolutely are not allowed to add stuff to only my inventory especially when I F\*\*\*\*ING PAID FOR IT.I don't want to sound like a whiny b\*tch but I've worked on games before and I know that it's not very easy, but I do know that it would be extremely easy to add something to my inventory. I love the game and am absolutely hooked but I'm damn near ready to refund it because without a secure container I can't do any key runs which means I can't get any of the valuable loot which means I'll be stuck in the same spot I am currently in the game. Also, yes I am aware of the other methods but I am in know way willing to grind for the epsilon or kappa container all because a sh\*tty support team can't do their job and provide me with what I paid for and scammed me. If you can't tell I'm pretty pissed about this whole situation because they've treated me like absolute dog sh\*t and scammed me, and if their are any devs reading this or anyone that could add it to my inventory, it would make me a very satisfied and happy customer if I were to have the alpha container added to my inventory (or any secure container).