Hi was wondering if anyone could help with some advice. So my uncle died 7 years ago he never married and never had children. He only had my dad as his family and I have a brother and 2 sisters so his nephew and nieces too. He had a great job and was lextremely cheap he put every dime away because he wanted to make sure is kids were really comfortable when he died. So my brother lives in New Mexico and my uncle lived in Las Vegas and me and my sisters all live on the east coast. My brother was named power of attorney and it's been 7 years and refuses to give us anything saying that there was no money! I called a lawyer in Las Vegas, actually I called alot and I don't have the money they are asking for. My brother bought and expensive new home and even a porche. He said it was bought with his money but he doesn't make enough money to afford all these luxury things. He even told me how he spent over $8,000 on new bedding for his wife because of her allergies. I think it's because he knows I could never afford to hire a lawyer to go after him. Well over the years I've saved enough money to get a lawyer but I'm scared that my family will hate me because nobody wants to believe it and I don't want to believe it but it's true. My question is what should I look for in a lawyer? I have disability and was a paralyzed from the waist down and over came that and that's the reason I never had the money to hire a lawyer also it's uncomfortable situation but I'm tired of going without. Also I kicked my disabilitys butt and prayed and had faith I would walk again so I can do this it's been 7 years and it's still in probate and the lawyer my brother has refused to talk to me. Okay that's about it I kinda wanted to vent and I'm ready to do this and again just need advice because it is a lot of money they want. I got quotes from $4,000 to $8,000. Then the lawyers I talked to said asa they got paid it would go to probate and then someone else would become power of attorney. I know my brother blew threw a lot of the money but my uncle would be so disappointed in me if I did nothing about it. He died an awful way too. Okay thanks