When you think about the whole situation? It's been on my mind so much lately. I no longer see Eugenia as just an online persona or a stranger, but someone i honestly relate to so much without even realizing it. I was in one of her streams a few days ago a bit and i just wrote her a hello from my country and she noticed it, which but a smile on my face but then i got sad again because i knew that if i write anything about my concern or that i hope she's okay, it would just get deleted or something.. I then went to some of her newer instagram posts and saw that noone in the comments was really expressing any concern and that they were all saying how beautiful and good she looks, which made me realize how toxic all these people are because they are basically telling her that she's beautiful if she's underweight and sick. At least that's how her disorder probably makes it out to be. It made me so depressed tbh that i had to put my phone down and pull myself together. I just..wish she would see that she is worthy of living, worthy of food, of being happy, how precious her life is and that she deserves to be better and happy. But i know that it's the evil voice in her head that makes her believe that she is not. And all of these people that don't actually give a damn about her. I wish she had people in her life that would support and help her, so she wouldn't have to seek validation from people online, which i also relate to since i did it in the past and oh, how much it hurts.. I wish she would see that people online aren't worth her hurting herself and that there are people who don't even know her that love her and care about her. I just see so much of my own pain in her, which is why i relate to her so much and wanted to vent about it. I don't wanna wake up one day, go online and see that something has happened to her.. Eugenia, your mental illness doesn't define you, you are better than that evil voice, you are worthy and deserve to be happy. Please.. Just hear us out, i know you hate that voice in your head, i know how exhausting it is, i've had it too. It's not worth letting it take control of your life and health. You are better than it. You deserve to be free of it.