I'm not Catholic. I was not raised Catholic. But from the outside looking in the Catholic church is pure nonsense. They don't worship god or Jesus, they worship Jesus's mother Marry. Which is actually an ancient pagan practice of worshiping the mother, or sacred feminine. They also place a emphasis on worshiping saints over Jesus. By it's structure the Catholic church should be defined as a polytheistic religion, not that dissimilar from other ancient Greek and Roman religions. I have listened to several testimonies online of ex Nuns who were associated with some deplorable shit. Everything from being sex slaves of priest, to peddling drugs, to facilitating pedophilia, to having sex with people and having it photographed for blackmail purposes. You name it they have done it, gods wives are devout whores. They will do anything for the church. Then there is the whole incorrupt bodies thing, besides how disgusting it is, which it really is, something much more devious is at play. These dead bodies are on display, being worshiped, forever, as god, who is forever, by religious logic, it takes away from the glory of god. And is thus a slight against god. But enough about that. Now we move to my next critique, and before I delve into this I want to say that I am not a hateful atheist. I actually believe in god and believe I am saved by the blood sacrifice of Jesus alone. I was raised baptist. I'm what you Catholics would call dirty protestant, and now that I have laid that foundation, lets delve into exorcism. Now here is what I believe about exorcism, I think it a very real thing, but it is misrepresented. I believe it to be a false wonder. In other words the whole thing is rigged with demons. A demon posses someone, the Catholic priest comes in and dose his hocus pocus, hibi jibi, zippity zam horse shit, boom, the person is exorcised (or the deamon just makes a dramatic exit), then the demon movies on the next poor human to terrorize, I believe it is staged, a rigged game. I don't fear possession, I know i'm protected by the blood of Jesus, and as long as I am under the cloak of his protection no such harm can come to me, demons flee at the very mention of his name. It's sad to note that protection, real protection, is not extended to Catholics because they are so busy worshiping saints and doing hail marries and confession they never actually prey to, learn about, build a relationship with Jesus. Now we move on to indulgences. The very concept of buying your way into heaven is ridiculous. God cares little for this world. He lives in a far better place, it's just one of many forms of extortion. I could go on bashing the religion it self but I'm going to skip a few things and move onto the architecture of the Vatican itself. From a birds eye view it's a snake, or serpent with a crown it's head https://thelightinthedarkplace.wordpress.com/2017/04/14/vatican-citys-reptilian-church-absolutely-breathtaking/ . If that is not creepy enough in one of the rooms of the vatican is enormous snake eyes over a representation of a nuclear apocalypse, https://www.spencorp.info/reptilian-vatican, which is a nod to albert pikes morals a dogma, a chapter in his book describes this as a final cataclysm that will bring about the anti christ and the end of days world government ruled by Satan himself. Not to mention it's near infinite collection of black magic artifacts. I know this comes across as a scathing indictment of the catholic church. But that's why we have unpopular opinion. I would really like to hear your opinions on rather or not I am out of touch on this.