So about 2 weeks ago this girl in a mutual facebook group dmed me and asked if i wanted to write one of her friends in prison. Now I never talked to or even know anyone in prison, so I said why not if it could make their day better. oh and ofc I asked what he was in for. So I created a jpay acct and emailed him and he responded back and we actually have alot in common. Iv been talking to him alot, multiple msgs a day and we do actually connect really well and not gonna lie I might have a crush on him. He puts so much effort in it and is pretty honest despite the topic. Anyways,hes alrdy told me he likes me and made me some custom art, n says things like oh when i get out il b there with u if u let me etc and has told me some fucked up stuff about his life which is true stuff.. i may have creeped into his fam to fact check and he even tried to connect me w his sister so she could help me to set up smth on my phone (im frm a diff country) anyways hes a very nice guy, doesnt ask me for anything except pictures n videos of my day. So heres where it gets kinda iffy. He called me the other day and asked how I felt about things. I said u know i like u but this is so sudden i barely know you, and not to mention the fact my friend warned me bcus men scam girls in here. and i was like its not against you, but u know im of course skeptical and he said to summarize, that he initially wanted a pen pal to “kill time” but then i messaged him and he invested his time to know me and im different n he feels things for me, has been waiting for a girl like me etc. then he said he just wants me to know he wants to be in my life and not to stress or worry anything. now this is where in my mind i said wtf.. who admits that?? so how many girls could he have said that sentence to? but on the other hand he really does seem genuine but idk im pretty young (20,F) turning 21 soon. hes (28) and we live pretty close 3-5 hr drive and I could really fall for him. Im not generalizing but im not a “good” target. Im pretty attractive (humbly) and I have my life planned no matter what guy i talk to. Im in uni then going into the medical field. I also wany to add I didnt do this for romance, I just wanted to be a light for someone to vent to .So do you think hes gaming me and Im just blinded by infatuation and sweet talks? Or is he genuine and Im just being a paranoid crazy? Do these relations even work? I feel terrible but honestly once I fall I do it hard so I dont wanna come out burned.. Thanks in advance if u made it this far down :)