I’m really concerned for some of the people I’ve been meeting in my life that are either a part of international church of Christ or this guy who is thinking about joining because it’s his sisters church. Currently I’m a student and on campus I feel and observe that there is a huge undercurrent of ICC members aggressively targeting vulnerable students at this point. Because the people that I have met are emotionally vulnerable they have shared they deal w mental health, are looking for a sense of community and their biggest motivation for joining or staying in it is because everybody is so happy and full of love.. I personally was almost drawn into this but I kind of got my eyes opened up to both my mom and my best friend and it was crazy how aggressively I was trying to say that they were wrong…so I’m tentatively avoiding talks of Bible study and doing my best to show them honesty and compassion without judgment i.e. hey guys I’m feeling really pressured right now with all the Bible talks and I’d like to take a step back and some members have shared things with me about how people have kind of abandon them and my suspect is after that winter break their parents woke them up and told them to snap themselves out of it… My concern is that the students are still individuals and people that are vulnerable looking for that community and acts like this only hurt them further because it leaves them asking themselves why did this person do this? And almost making them feel like they’re a bad guy and pushing them further into the community because at the end of the day their emotions count too. 
THE POINT: and I am really reaching out and looking for help on how to approach the subject that the church is likened to a cult. I don’t want in a sense use the tool of the hammer and scare these people away and make an enemy of myself by just blatantly showing them the evidence that the church is a cult. Religion is a very sensitive subject and it plays a major role in the support of some peoples lives and understandably so it might rock their world if I do that. Ideally what I want is for them to feel like they have choice and agency in making the decision to not feel like they have to be plugged into this... i’m not sure if I’m making sense... perhaps those of you who have left can share some advice or successful approaches because I presume at one point you had a huge community within this church and understand the emotions associated with leaving or being in it a lot more than I do. Is this even something I should be putting my hand in? Or is this a journey they should learn for themselves? what is my place and what isn’t? Do they want help or the asking for help? All I can go off of is how I felt in the beginning and the research that I’ve done on the church itself. I would welcome any piece of advice And I apologize if any of my statements come off as ignorant…