I’m 17 turning 18 in May and throughout this year I’ve been wondering what tf am I going to do. My parents started studying with the JW’s again when I was 6 and I’ve never ever actually liked being apart of this group and I only tried my best to behave and conform for the sake of my parents. I have talked to them about how I feel and how all I get from the JW’s is anxiety and fear. They get in your head and tell you how insignificant you are and that you are lucky to be in gods one true kingdom but it’s all bullshit all I ever see are hypocrites. Don’t get me wrong the people are nice but blindly follow what they are told. The day I truly began to see its dark colors was when a family friend lost his elder privileges because he refused to throw out his own son with nothing at all because he partied and drank to much. (It wasn’t good for their image) my own father said if I left he wouldn’t want to see me in the house anymore. I’ve mentioned talking to my parents and their responses for how I felt were awful. How it hurt for my own parents to call me sick and that they’ve wasted their time on me. I just received punishment after punishment for the questioning the faith. I was never allowed to go out with friends till high school and even then barely. I found comfort in online video games having to sneak my very first online multiplayer game. I made friends behind the screens from when I was 13 that I still talked to often now. We grew close and they are the best of friends I’ve ever truly had. I have no family close that would take me in. My parents ran away because my mother had gotten pregnant with me. I’ve always been hated by her family and treated like shit compared to the rest. My fathers family lives in Florida which is ridiculous far. They have said they would take me in if shit hits the fan but I don’t think I have it in me to leave my parents. I know I should but my heart won’t let me. It fucking sucks.I felt like I had no support so I just bottled my feelings up and kept shut. Now I’m then I just get hit with a wave of sadness as reality hits me. I would break down crying which I something I almost never ever do. There were moments in my life where I thought hey if Armageddon’s around the corner why don’t I just off myself before then save myself the trouble of waiting with the constant fear of losing the family I do love and love me in return. I just want to know what the hell can I do to relieve myself from this mental strain. Do you feel better after leaving. I know I don’t have it as bad as others and sorry if I made it seem like this. I don’t use reddit much but I found this sub reddit thru a news clip from Toronto. I just wanted to get this all off my chest.