Hi guys, I'm at a crossroads right now and I feel like I'm in limbo right now. I've known a girl for some years now and we've been through everything, I suppose you all have stories and detailed examples of your own which I woul love to hear. Anything is appreciated. Me and this girl were friends and then we became more than friends, not just bf and gf but two of a kind we think almost the same and did everything together. Every time there were downs in our relationship we always solved it because we were everything. Eventually, she told me that she was becoming a witness and that we couldn't be together, ofc her and I cried and she said that when she was asked by her family if she wanted to become one she said she didn't know and her father being sad compelled her to say yes. Throughout this ordeal, we were still close, even though not bf or gf we were still best friends, but of coursewe never seeked anyoneelse romantically because we both knew that we were for each other. Throughout the time she was getting baptised she was never really excited as the "average" witness seemed to be. As time went on we became better people, we would be there for each other in school and then our careers started. Talked on the phone all the time, played games together, went on trips together, everything. She even met my family and would be over at my place were we'd play games or even just watch a show. Her mother always loomed over her and made her sad, I was always there for her to reassure her that her mother had the best intentions and at a certain age as an adult you have to respectfully make your own decisions. Every time there was a period in her life in which she spent a lot of time around her family she started to become sad and be ravaged with guilt. Guilt that we were together an intimate, a figure at her hall making life hell for her, etc. During these times i would always be there to comfort her and make her happy. Because we ALWAYS made each other happy, as soon as a certain time period were she stayed home a lot( i.e. winter/summer break) was over and she was out at either school or work, she would be back to her normal self. As a Christian, I could agree with some beliefs and values of the jw's so I began to study with a congregation near my home. Her father is much more reasonable and liberal with jw doctrine, he just wants a jw family for his daughter. If I could become a jw I could appease her father and start a family with her, her and I have similar disagreements with the jws also. We wouldn't full on celebrate certain holidays but we'd partake in certain festivities and have fun. The hall she and her family grew up in was very two faced and became more and more hostile to her and her family overtime as petty disagrrements built up, so bad that they all had to move to another one. Even after they moved, her mother continued to contact the witnesses at the old hall behind her back and this hurt her a lot. But again,  she'd call for me and i would be there and she'd feel better. As time went on i introduced her to more self improvement, she's in a job she loves and despite her controlling mother she's increasingly becoming more independent and strong. All the while I'm studying, again, i have no friends and family in here to pressure me and with a Christian background I agree with some of the fundamental points and the things i disagree with I chalk it up to watchtower society doctrine and not the witnesses aspect. Basically the corporation part vs the religious part and i know that they are intertwined but I can personally separate the things I don't agree with as I know certain aspects she doesn't agree with either and we openly discuss these things too, no arguments at all. Unfortunately the Corona virus pandemic is under way and we're basically all on a government mandated lockdown order. Again, when she's at home a lot she starts to become more and more depressed, she becomes sad, looses weight, etc. So the government lockdown isnt too bad to her, annoying, yes. But we're on the phone, joking around/playing around and then the lockdown gets extended. As predicted she becomes depressed and emotional again. I comfort her as usual but 10 more days pass and the longer she stays home the worse it becomes, she talks about her guilt and i keep her assured the best I can, she asks me why does she get sad in this environment and how she doesn't have any enjoyment in commenting at the meetings anymore. Then one day, she tells me that she told her parents everything. I'm not sure what that meant as she didn't elaborate, then she told me that if she keeps talking to me she's going to slip away from jehovah and she wants to also see me get into paradise. I assure her that I wouldn't leade her astray as I also want to do things how we see as the right way and no matter what I'll be there for her. Things just ended that abruptly, as I'm still studying with the witnesses (I'm aware that being on this is considered apostasy but I disagree with that point as I believe Christians should conversate with everyone so we can all figure out what the truth really is together, it even says this Biblically) I know that coming on here and asking for an unbiased answer may be foolish and the same for posting this, it's probably also foolish, but I just value what opinions I could get and if any of you guys been through or know of any success stories. I just want my best friend back. Thank you.