I splurged and booked a very expensive beach hotel that I used to frequent decades ago to relive some great memories. Checked in and went out to the balcony only to see those dub bastards and their damn set up right in front of my beach view. I figured they wouldn't be there for long so I didn't do my usual confrontation and decided to just wait them out. BUT THEY DIDN'T LEAVE! New shifts would come and go but they maintained their view ruining spot. Again, this was a very expensive hotel that I was splurging on. After fuming in my room for a few hours watching those dickheads not talk to a single person but just stare at their fn phones (except for a couple of other dubs obviously on vacation who wanted selfies) I had enough and went down to talk to them. Rather than my usual "loudly apostating at them" vibe I calmly asked them if they would be willing to just move down a few yards out of my view. I told them about my rape and that they were triggering my PTSD and ruining my vacation. There was about seven of them on one bilingual display. At first no one answered. Then the only male (who totally had one of those dub pedo mustaches) said that they couldn't move without permission from the elders. This was a mile long boardwalk with no discernible difference between locations. I asked "can you please call an elder then...I've seen from my balcony that you have a cell phone?" He refused. I asked how long they would be there. He said till their "shift" was done at eight. I had to sit with my back to the beautiful ocean view till well after sundown because these motherfuckers wouldn't shift down a few yards. I could have killed them all. They totally ruined my beach day with their garbage lazy non-interacting hour counting (it was the day before the end of the month...gotta get them hours in!). It made me realize that they are just a bunch of fucking assholes which ironically was a bit liberating after my rage subsided. What a horrible waste of ones life living such a horrible way. So fn christlike! F them all. All just pedophile protecting trash.