Most of you had probably gone through *hell* while growing up (with very few exceptions). Reading the posts here made me realize that I'm sort of lucky. I'm 17M and I hate going to services and would drone off most of the time. I don't really care about religion and I grew up feeling self-conscious whenever someone asks about it. I'm saying that JWs have this reputation that I'm guessing all of you know. Since I'm still living with my mom, I had to go on Sunday meetings or she'd give me crap about it. My mom is JW while my dad isn't (a Baptist who's never entered a church for years lol) so our house wasn't really all that strict about religion. I remember when I was young and naive and like most of the kids from the congregation, I was “God fearing”. At school, I always felt left out because of all those exaggerated do's and don'ts. I was that weird kid. What's worse is that I was in a Christian school and what was taught there was different from what was taught to me in the kingdom hall. I never really knew what to believe and because of that I never settled on a belief and I just gave up on it. I never talked about religion and it made me feel awkward doing so. This caused some negative feelings whenever we go to meetings. I began to hate it. I was afraid of speaking up about that and I had no one to talk to. I was never really close with the kids from my congregation and as the years went by we basically became strangers. I was more friendly with the kids from school and I became better at socializing and learned to have an open mind about things. There are still things that I'm not able to talk about (I'm stuck in the closet, so to speak) but I'm happier. I guess my parents sort of respect the LGBTQ community. My mom even has a gay friend whom she remained close to since college. But they'd never accept me to be a part of that community *sigh*. But hey, atleast I get Christmas presents from my dad's side of the family and get invited in my friends' birthday sleepovers (mostly girls). My mom's response to this would be a definite no but I could convince my dad. So yeah, I'm sorta liberated in a sense. I hope that one day, I'd finally get to live my fucking life.