Hello everyone. I never thought I would be in one of these chat rooms. I also was the girl genuinely crying at conventions. Baptized early and over-righteous and super spiritual. Very long story short, I was disfellowshipped for adultery. I asked for it since I didn't want to let the new guy go. I had a very long and emotionally abusive relationship to an appointed person who is still serving. I have always had questions but never thought I would ever believe this was not "The Truth" until the Oxygen documentary came out and the GB did nothing to warn the sitting ducks. I knew once reinstated I would not be able to go door to door since after almost 2 yrs of being df'd I am very weak and had doubts. I wrote 3 letters and each time I messed up with the same man and they kept telling me I needed more time. The last time they told me I needed a few more months to prove to Jah that I was repentant. That was a mistake, or was it? I was introduced to Lloyd and others by a fader of 1 yr who reached out to me the night I was df'd and took care of me since I had no one. Problem is: I am popular. People like/love me and are anxiously waiting for me to come back and that could be next week. I have VERY close friends. How do I ween off them? I know it will hurt and they will be very curious as to why I seem different and not as social. Ugh! I am going to switch halls quickly I know that. I can't move away since my job is great. I can't marry a witness since I don't believe its the "truth" and if I date the worldly man I care for(haven't been with him in a while but he is around) I know if its found out I will be df'd again. The cong will want to invite me places and love up on me and match make me since I am a "good catch" in their eyes. I just want my family back. I haven't seen my mom in 2 years. So I am going back in to get my amazing family back, who btw, still talk to me but won't see me to not get in trouble. Any suggestions? What a freakin situation. Yet I feel fortunate. Just on edge since can't talk to co-workers about any man I am dating since witnesses also work here. Will be looking over my shoulder all the time it seems especially when my "besties" try to give me a bible study to help me get out in service. Thank you in advance. My stomach hurts.