It's a difficult time. I dont expect responses as I am fine just a little emotional. I'm a never JW agnostic but became close to  JW. What an eye opener that was!Spoke over the phone with my JW friend last night. I listened to all his beliefs and his thoughts on the evil of people. Made me angry when so many people are doing so much to help and hes sitting waiting for armageddon. It's so hard because I agree with so much of what he does say but it becomes self righteous when he talks about Jehovahs Witnesses. I said religion makes you focus on what's going to happen instead of helping now. He said he is helping. I said how? And he got steely. I didn't mean to be rude but it just came out. I don't understand how he can just criticise everything in the world and not acknowledge or want to do anything - just wait for Jehovah. It made me sad that I actually made him angry.I think I expected some comfort but he's just depressing. Weirdly I think he's a little excited that all the signs are here for the end of the world. He doesn't seem connected to all the suffering. Just says its gods path. I suppose in all this I hoped to be able to level with him over the phone. I almost wanted to maybe have a little cry about this awful situation with him because he's always been so sensitive and understanding...and I realised I couldn't. He didn't seem that upset!!!!!! He just kept saying he has great hope. I said I have great hope too. But in people. He kept saying god is a god of love and won't let this continue much longer!!!! I didn't challenge his beliefs I just tried to open his eyes to the positives in humanity and he admitted that there were some but made it clear that unless you adore god and become a JW you're not on the right path. The call brought me down. He had been asked to do some key worker work and refused so he could keep himself safe. I completely respect this decision and I know I would feel very uneasy too if I was at risk of contracting the virus but I couldn't deny the amazingness of all the people who are putting themselves at risk. He also mentioned 1914 Peace and Security and the banning of all religion. I will call him again as I know he does welcome my call but next time I will try not to get upset at all.