Back in the late 90s to early 2000s my mother left me to be raised by my aunt in Puerto Rico. My aunt is a JW and so is my grandma so yea. I was brought up in the whole thing. I remember my early years practically revolving around the congregation. Monday’s we went to study at a brothers house, Wednesday’s at Kingdom Hall, Friday’s at Kingdom Hall, Saturday’s we went door to door and Sunday’s we were back at the Kingdom Hall. It was intense but it didn’t seem that way because of the large group of kids around my age; we entertained each other for the most part.  I remember sometimes visiting the kids at their houses we would play with toys or watch a movie while the parents would study the Bible or whatever. Sad thing is I still have a picture of all of them yet I can’t remember their names except one of them whom i went to school with. See the years went by and slowly but surely I started asking questions that were deemed “inappropriate” and by the time I was 8 I already made up my mind that god didn’t exist. I was tired of going to Kingdom Hall pretending to believe in something I whole heartedly didn’t. I accepted my mother’s offer when she asked if I wanted to come to the United States when I was 8. Years go by and I come back to Puerto Rico to visit. I was about 11 at the time and my aunt made me go to Kingdom Hall against my will; this was my summer vacation. Only good thing about it was that I certain days after Kingdom Hall I could hang out with my old friend and classmate Kevin. We would hang out at this place called parke monoga all summer. We would go to this place called la guancha and ride gokarts. At the end of the summer my mother gave me a choice and I decided to back to the states. A few years ago Kevin came to mind when I found this old picture from 2000 with all the Kingdom Hall kids in it. I find him on Facebook and try to reconnect. Unfortunately I received to replies but I did get a phone call from a stranger. He claimed to be one of the brothers in the congregation. He asked me a couple questions and I told him Kevin and I used to be really good friends and I wanted to catch up for old times sake. He said he would relay the message and eventually he called me back. He told me Kevin doesn’t remember me. I asked if I could speak to him and the man on the phone said not to contact him again. I was so confused but later on I figured out what happened. Turns out my aunt told the congregation that I turned away from religion and they had ex communicated me. Kevin then blocked me on all social media. The last thing I sent him was the picture I had of him and I back in Kingdom Hall right after we finished 1st grade. He didn’t even leave me on read. I wonder how all those kids are doing. If you think you might’ve been in the same congregation as me idk DM me or something. It be nice to catch up.