I got mostly out by 1989 but not fully really and truly out until the 90s.  I just didn't want to lose my family.  Realizing this, and knowing that as long as I wasn't truly DFed, they would at least have something to do with me, I created this whole elaborate plan.  It worked.  Probably a better way, but I was proud of myself at the time.  I've helped a few others leave while avoiding DF/DA with a simplified version of this technique.  First, the fade, becoming "irregular" at the meetings and service.  There were some real health problems so I relied on that to a certain extent and exaggerated as needed.  Then the job hunt.  Created a scenario where my job simply didn't pay enough to make ends meet, the store wasn't doing well, etc., and purposefully looked only for jobs that were at least 45 minutes away.  That gave me more cover because I would sometimes pop in maybe a half hour before the meeting was over, you know, because I had to work late.  Traffic, etc.  Finally I said well I was going to have to move closer to work and got myself an apartment.  Joined a new congregation.  Once my record card came over, they immediately wanted to start scheduling elder's meetings to talk about how I was slipping and I just said I would think about it etc., just didn't have time and so on.  After they started coming by my apartment (I would hide and later explain I was sleeping) I knew I had to move again.  Especially as I saw them rifling through the mail in my box!  And so I did (with my girlfriend but they never found out about that).  And joined a new congregation.  As soon as my record card was transferred, I stopped attending any meetings at all.  I had given them a false address and they never found me.  However, they did try.  The elders called my job a couple times and tried to follow me home from work once I know about for sure.  After I had been truly out for at least 10 yrs, an elder showed up at my door (I had moved closer to my hometown and I'm sure some family gave him my address) trying to get me to sign a form letter disassociating myself.  I told him that if he knew nothing about me and if he ever showed up again I would have him up for trespassing.  Also, I informed him that if they EVER said from the platform that I had committed any "conduct unbefitting a Christian" that I would sue them right into the dirt because I knew for a fact that they knew nothing about me.  He pressed why I wouldn't just sign the letter, and I told him because I don't want to and he needed to go on his way.  He tried wordplay to see if he could get me to admit I was DA.  "So will you just tell me why you disassociated yourself?"  Anything to try to trap me.  Then he said well I "had to attend a judicial meeting to formalize my disassociation" and I said no I don't have to go anywhere, you aren't the police.  And he just looked stunned.  After he left I did get my attorney to draft a letter stating that if I was slandered they would be sued.  So I was never DFed and I never went to one JC meeting.  They never got me to admit to anything and although my fam weren't happy with me, and kept our communications on the down low, I did keep them.  My poor sis got DFed and was thrown away like garbage.