It’s been about 2 1/2 years since I’ve stopped going to church. I had been struggling for a while. I was mostly going because I felt like it was the only thing my parents (mostly my dad) cared about. What finally broke me was serving my mission in Salt Lake. I was having lots of trouble with everything. Eventually I had a nervous breakdown after a fight with my companion, ran away the next day, and ended up going home early. After I got home and back to my ward I wanted to keep trying to go to church so I could strengthen my testimony. It sucked though. I was a literal outcast because I had failed. People actively avoided me in the hallways, rooms would go quiet when I came in. Eventually I would go to sacrament and read scriptures outside so I wouldn’t have to face the rejection anymore. My dad finally came to church one Sunday (he’s military so work gets in the way a lot) and noticed I wasn’t in Elders Quorum. He came and found me and took me home. He was absolutely livid, and I stopped going. Eventually we talked it out and I told him I might try again with a different ward once I moved away from my current ward. Later I found this subreddit and read a bunch of articles talking about the truth about JS and the church. After all the reading I read the Book of Mormon again and it promises that you are guaranteed an answer from the Holy Spirit if you read the book and ask if it’s true, so I did and got nothing. Not the slightest feeling. I felt empty. I’ve read the entire book five times and prayed every single time for hours on end the last couple. Last night I finally came to the conclusion that it wasn’t true. Which means the church couldn’t be true as the BoM is what holds everything up. I don’t think I would have actually had the strength to stay away if it wasn’t for what I learned here, and I feel like a weight has been lifted off my chest. The last difficult thing I need to do is talk to my dad about my decision and I’m not looking forward to it. If anyone has any suggestions about how I could talk about it in the least confrontational way I would really appreciate it