I’m in therapy. I call suicide hotlines often. I’m a 22 y/o female who was born and raised Mormon and I am gay. I have zero contact with my immediate family by own choice. It’s.... kind of complicated. Not good for me right now. I left the Church back in July and “came out” as gay and a non believer in October publicly and to my family. I am an anorexia survivor and was once at a 16.1 BMI. I recovered on my own. I started having suicidal thoughts at age 12 when I found out what being gay meant for me in the environment I was in. I have dealt with severe depression since that age that has only continued to get worse as I got older and things I went through. I was so emotionally shot when I was 21 that I flew to a Florida to see a doctor I thought would be able to help  and was admitted for 5 days immediately after the doctor saw me. They ran every single test you could think of, only to recommend me to Mayo and tell me they couldn’t find anything physically to explain the symptoms. I moved away from home two weeks later - it was my ONLY chance at that time. I knew I would kill myself if I stayed another day. Gradually, my physical health improved. But my mental health has only plummeted as I’ve come to grips with the reality that Mormonism is a complete fucking joke and everything I have been through goes back to the Church. My whole family is as TBM as you can possibly get. My parents teach at BYU-Idaho. I’m the black sheep. Looking back, I always was. Mormonism never made any fucking sense from my earliest memory and yet I felt like an idiot because WHY was I the only one that this didn’t make sense to? At least you’re made to feel that way. I feel so broken. Rejected. And I just don’t know how to compute what’s occurred in my life over the last year. I am so LOVED by the most amazing individuals and that’s what keeps me here. I’m struggling so much right now. I feel like it will never not feel like I am drowning, struggling every minute of every day to stay afloat. I don’t know what to do, I don’t know how to stay alive.