I am a 20 year old girl in university, I certainly wouldn’t call myself an atheist or whatever but just someone who thinks critically. I’m finding myself incredibly demoralized with my home situation but I’m stuck here until I can get a job and get out (well my parents want me to get an arranged marriage first but there’s no way I’m gonna do that). I have a boyfriend who I have not had sex with yet and I find myself torn between wanting to be with him and the guilt that my family has instilled on me with religion. I haven’t actively done anything openly against Islam I have never insulted their beliefs, or smoked or drank, or wore revealing clothing. The only thing I have done is something that I know they’d never forgive me for, which is having a relationship with a white guy who isn’t Muslim. I don’t know how to deal with this. Any advice from anyone who’s gone through this? Also my mom told me that one of the biggest sins is not praying 5 times a day and anyone who doesn’t is condemned to hellfire. Why do Muslims seriously think that not praying equates to someone who deserves eternal punishment? I try to be kind and good to everyone I know, I’m certainly not perfect but I’m not interested in praying at all because it makes no sense to me. Why does an all powerful god need constant assurance from his subjects? Why does Islam seek to make life actively difficult for its followers? My mom told me that I’m in debt to god and I have to pray all the namaaz that I’ve missed. Also this is a scholarly question but what are the origins of praying 5 times a day in Islam? This is a feature that is certainly unique to Islam and sets it apart from all other religions. Also another latent fear I have is what if all this is true? None of us can know for sure but Islam is just so effective at indoctrinating children through fear that many of us regardless of how critically we think can’t seem to shake these underlying fears. I’d appreciate insight and thoughtful discussion from this forum on these matters.