It’s okay, like my parents have always forced religion on me but for some periods of time they’d kinda just give up. At least during Ramadan I’d kinda have to be super religious mostly for their sake, but this year with the quarantine they were like on my ass about everything even more than usual. Eid was like, my free pass, and since I’m a woman I’m not really expected to go to the masjid for Eid morning prayer and women usually do it at home. I’d normally sleep in til like noon and not really have to do it because it’s at 8 am, idk like my parents are super religious but I never really had to on Eid in the past. So then I’d wake up and shower and eat rice pudding and tandoori chicken for the day and it would be like a day of festivities where we’d just eat a lot and get visited by family friends and go to their houses etc. I would get a lot of Eid money too and it was mostly just a fun relaxing day. My mom was already mad at me for missing isha last night (after I’d done all my prayers and taraweeh all Ramadan, out of obligation) and this morning I didn’t get much sleep. My mom wanted us to do the Eid prayer together as a family at home since we’re on lockdown and like I reluctantly did since I didn’t want to upset her again and it was shorter and not as bad as I expected, but the principle of it upset me. Since I’m an adult now I had to give money now instead of receiving it (my mom gave me some money but like I technically only made $10 considering the difference between what I gave and what I received). Anyway, the money itself isn’t what I’m mainly concerned about, it’s just the fact that my parents have been even harder on me regarding religion and prayer more than ever now. Every little thing I do now is criticized, including doing my nails, my eyebrows, listening to music, things that are considered “haram” but stuff that everyone does anyway - nothing generally too bad. It seemed like my mom gets equally, if not even more angry, at me putting on fake nails for Eid than she was on. I didn’t really get the big deal since I always get dolled up for Eid (just not w fake nails) but it’s so frustrating that the older I get, the more stricter they are. Like I’m 22, nearly 23, it’s not like I just turned 18 and they’re being like this. I don’t know what’s up and if lockdown is part of what’s making everything so much more intense, but I’m just sad about this. I woke up feeling depressed and it’s not like we’ll have any visitors (except my uncle and aunt who live close by) or be able to go anywhere either. I hope the day gets better but I just feel depressed rn. I miss getting excited for Eid like when I was a kid.