This is the weirdest time of my life. I only knew this guy for two months and he was the first person I ever messed around with that i felt like an equal. Felt like we could be a good team and rock the relationship for at least  year or two. But then I get the text from his ex saying he cheated on her with me. Now of course I'm romanticizing him because i really liked him and he has a good heart. So of course I believe his side of the story over hers, but it's all so sketchy. It was weird to me how he didn't tell me he just got out of a two year relationship. It was also weird to me how he texted her a week before texted me saying he missed her (which i later found out because i ignored her at first and she kept blowing up my private messages- she eventually send screenshots of him saying he missed her and what they had). I'm not even mad he misses her that makes a lot of sense. I'm more upset he was able to withhold all this from me while we were together, sharing, laughing, having sex yanno everything. I left him and i kinda of regret it and I still hold onto that hope that we can try again because I really want to, but i knew if I stayed i'd lay with him and it just wouldn't be the same. I'd feel like the second option, the distraction or whatever. Or i'd just have her image in my mind plus I knew he needed time to fully process his last relationship like 2 years jesus! he wasnt ready to give his all to me and he was clueless about it. A huge part of me wishes he'll reach out even though I suggested no contact, and another part of me wants to reach out myself but I know that that's pointless because I asked for this and I still feel like I made the right choice. I think my biggest challenge now is letting go of the idea we'll get back together otherwise i'll just be in misery wondering when he'll come back or if he will or if i should. So instead of praying to have him back soon I think i'll start praying for the universe to help me let him go and hopefully  change for the better and respect people's feelings more. But jeeeeez if he hit me up right after I post this i'd 🏃🏼‍♀️💨 hahaha. This is so hard for me, 2 months and somehow it was all so simple but I fell SO HARD. How do you guys silence the thoughts?