Hi, we’ve been in no contact for 11 days now. Earlier she liked my Instagram post and I was a bit surprised considering she had been making comments, sharing stuff on twitter (I have her muted, got it sent by a friend) talking about how I was acting as the victim when I caused the situation, (I fucked up in the relationship, on a night out I touched her mate inappropriately drunk, however I took responsibility for it and was on a new tablet which was affected by alcohol but I only found out afterwards, when I was getting a liver function test, also tested presumptive positive for a drugs test). I worked my arse off for 6 weeks to the point of draining myself to try and fix the relationship but it was very one sided. There were times I thought it was sorted and it all spiralled out again. The day it happened she said she was okay and she’ll explain everything to her friend so it kind of took me by surprise. Anyways eventually she told me she didn’t know if she liked me romantically which was upsetting but I had weeks to prepare for it, she said she wanted to be friends. I said okay but I haven’t messaged her because I still have feelings for her, only time I messaged her was a couple of weeks later telling her I respect her decision I want what is best for her she’s a good girl, and asked if she wanted to work things back out. I really do still care about her and her family. Anyways I’ve been trying for the last couple of weeks since the breakup to get over things and stuff but every little thing reminded me of her. Now I found out she was on tinder after being sent a screenshot again by a mate of her social media post. Felt a bit sick to be honest, I’m getting through this the hard way, not even considering anything like that and straight away she’s on tinder within 2 weeks, and she might have been on it for a while. That makes me doubt my worth and my self confidence and makes me think about how everything I did for her. Feel as if I’m never gonna get anywhere again. Trying so hard to become a better person and fix everything but this really fucking hurt. Thanks for listening and advice would be grateful