On Valentine’s Day, I decided to go out for once and hit the pub to drink and dance. I went with one of my friends and it was going great honestly. Until... I saw my ex walk in with her gay friend. I just left immediately, I dipped out and headed to another bar. I left my friend there cuz I didn’t want to drag him in my situation which he was cool with. I went to another bar and had one of my other friends drink up with me. With some encouragement from myself, I decided to go back to the pub and face my fears. When I went back I would see her talk to different guys. Which wasn’t really surprising tbh, but I just tried to not let it get to me. Her gay friend was trying to talk to me but I was ignoring him. He got mad that I was doing that and told me, “well I know where your girl is.” I still ignored him. Throughout the night I just kept seeing her talk to guys and honestly a part of me was feeling like a bum. But whatever I tried to dance it off or just focus on myself on having fun. The pub ends. I walk past by her and see her with another dude. It was just whatever at this point I was drunk and felt numb tbh I didn’t let it get to me. I was talking to my best friend when the gay dude comes up to me telling me I’m a pussy? Out of reaction and anger I pushed him a mile away from me and was ready to rumble. Luckily, my friend stopped me and was holding me back. but still man I was just ready. He was calming down and telling me it’s not worth fighting and that I’m “winning” with this no contact thing by not talking to her. A part of me feels like I am winning but another part I feel like a loser that she just discards me like that talking to 3 other dudes like that. I know I shouldn’t care but I be lying if I said I don’t. I feel like I lost honestly and it sucks. I just wanna know if I am doing the right thing because it just feels like I look like a loser. I still haven’t talked to her. I would appreciate any advice or feedback because I’m just hurting right now. Thank you to whoever read this, I know it’s pretty long.