Hi, you’ve probably seen me post a few times. Anyways today I woke up really guilty and I dreamed that I got back with my ex. 10 days NC now. Long story short, it was going brilliant, but me and her went on a night out together a couple of months ago, however I was on a new trial medication for my condition, and they didn’t tell me how alcohol affected it, so I drunk as I normally drank. I also later founded out after I did a drug test that I was spiked with methamphetamines. Anyways I accidentally brushed against one of her mates, I was told the day after, but I have no recollection of the events up until the day after. I couldn’t walk properly the day after. The friend I brushed against rang my ex to take me home but I was in inconsolable tears, to what now might have been the methamphetamine I was spiked with. I told her I wanted to kill myself, I told her I’m extremely sorry. She said it’s okay she knows I didn’t mean it, she knows it was an accident and she’ll explain it to her mate. (I’ve recently just found out in my latest blood test my liver function has become slightly abnormal so they’re keeping an eye on me). Anyways after that it was never really the same, at first I noticed she stopped telling me she loved me, then she said she didn’t wanna talk to me for a little while, then she said a week later she missed me loved me and couldn’t wait to spend time with me. Anyways that lasted about a week or two, we organised to see each other again (we were long distance) then she went back to being cold, then I had a chat with her about how we can sort this out and I could tell she wasn’t feeling brilliant so I asked her what was on her mind, she said she didn’t feel good about us anymore, to which I said what should we do about it, then she said she doesn’t know. Anyways I said personally I loved her and didn’t wanna give up on this. We met up a few days after this, but the night before we met almost out of nowhere really she said that we should just be friends until her head was sorted, that she still cared about me but she didn’t know if she felt a romantic connection and she’d been thinking about it a while. I said it took me by surprise and I was a bit upset but if that’s what she wanted that’s okay. Anyways we met up and she didn’t talk to me for a solid 2 hours, barely even looked at me. So I went home told her to tell me she got home safe and she did then didn’t talk to her, she messaged that night asking me was I okay about everything, I said she made me look like a bit of a dickhead but I’m over it now and asked how she was, we had a nice little convo but then she said she had a stress headache and so I left her to get some space. The day after we didn’t talk but then she kept posting stories about her crying and with tears so I felt compelled to message her, asked her if she wanted to vent out any thoughts she was feeling to me. She said she wasn’t in a good head space, didn’t wanna talk to anyone and didn’t want to do anything and that she broke a mirror on purpose. I told her I’m always there for her and made her a little music playlist on Spotify I thought she might like. Left her for a couple of days after that but then I messaged her a couple of days afterwards again asking how she was, she said she was okay so I sent her a paragraph saying how her decision took me by surprise but I respected her decision because I wanted the best for her, she’s a good girl and I’m there for her if she needs me. Anyways I left her after this for a week until I asked her what did she want out of this, I said do you want to give it another go. She said no, so I wished her all the best and told her to take care of herself. Since then I’ve not talked to her, 10 days. I feel good most of the time but yesterday and today I’ve felt a bit off. Especially having a dream we got back together, and sorted everything out. I care about her and her family and the fact I feel like I’ll never see or talk to her again makes me a bit upset. Obviously I cocked up that started this process, I’ve accepted responsibility, apologised and asked how we can work through this but people around me think it would have happened at some point down the road anyways and that I got out of there early. Since the breakup, I’ve posted nothing about it on social media, I’ve muted her accounts so I can’t see her stories but I still get sent the odd few, and it seems like she’s trying to start drama when there was no hard feelings in the breakup. People closest to me see that as immaturity. Also I know she only broke up with her ex a few months before she met me and he seemed like a dick, maybe that was still on her mind and she wasn’t truly over him. Anyways, what’s some good advice for me? Sorry I know it’s long. I don’t have any urge to message her, it’s just the fact everything was brilliant, we had plans for the future, I still care about her and stuff like that. I’m staying in NC for sure. Thanks so much and have a good day