I’m not sure what my point in posting this is. I guess it’d be comforting to know I’m not the only one going through something like this. I finally broke up with my boyfriend of two and a half years at the beginning of the year. Our relationship had been very tumultuous towards the end and it was a hard decision leaving but I felt like it was the right thing to do. He doesn’t have any form of social media other than Snapchat and I had him blocked on there but I decided to unblock him and add him back yesterday morning. He added me back fairly quickly but from there on out there hasn’t been any contact. Honestly I’m not sure if I want there to be anymore. Initially I decided to initiate contact again cuz I wanted to hook up with him. There were a lot of problems in our relationship but our sex life was never one of them. I don’t think he’s seeing anyone new yet cuz if that were the case I don’t think he would’ve added me back. But then again, it could go either way with him. Reasons like this also being why I left him, it’s not completely out of the question that he would hookup with me even if he was seeing someone. But I am very confused about my feelings right now. The relationship was toxic but I feel like if we both tried we could’ve made it work. I’m not sure about how it’d go now but I just wanted to know what you all thought the implication of him adding me back is. I feel like the odds are 90/10 in my favor that he’ll want to hook up still and catch up but I just don’t wanna message him and look stupid if he says no. Also, before anyone mentions that I wanna keep tabs on him still, I muted his story as soon as I added him back for the sole reason that I don’t want to see something that’d upset me. It’s very possible to maintain minimal contact with exes on social media, people act like there’s no way around it. Would he have added me back if I didn’t have a chance anymore? Whether it be hooking up or something more? Should I just not pursue this at all? I’m so confused