I was four months of no contact before this happened. Last Thursday I received a weird voicemail saying "hello", I ignored it and kept on. I have my ex blocked on every medium possible, including email. I've been a lot better, every week that goes past I inch closer and closer to my goals. I've been exercising, sleeping well, doing home improvement projects. I rarely think about her anymore, and I've made it my goal to not bring her up as much. I still have bad days, but they're far and in between. Sunday comes around and I have a notification on my phone from a number that I quickly recognize to be my ex's mother. She asks me how I've been, that she would like to speak to me. She apologizes for asking now, that she didn't know what was going on. As much as I would rather not, I decided to call her so I can be left alone once and for all. We spoke for 20 minutes, she apologized to me. She told me how my ex had gone off the rails. How she's in debt, hanging around the wrong crowd, doing bad in college, she left the house. She told me " I know my daughter is still in love with you", I don't know what's wrong with her you guys made a beautiful couple. I responded with, I loved your daughter deeply. When she broke up with me I picked up my pieces and kept going. I have known nothing of her for the past four months.  Beside some other remarks, her mother blamed her manager for breaking us apart. Telling me " I know its my her fault as much as it is my daughter's fault for listening to her". I told her my side of the story and came across some things that she did not know. I said my good byes and wished her the best. Not 15 minutes go by and another unknown number calling and a text. After I ask who it is, she says its X can we talk. It was her manager and I quickly told her to take a hike. I had nothing to talk to her about leave me alone. Her manager is studying psychology and diagnosed me as a psychopath, meanwhile my licensed therapist says that is not the case. I also told her "I'm a psychopath right? so why ask me for anything? Leave me alone". That was the end of that and not 10 minutes later the same thing. This time it was my ex, she left a voicemail. Her voice was low and shaky. I texted her to leave me alone, we've been done for months. She wanted to know what I told her mom. This is where I broke no contact, I called her back to hopefully lay everything to rest. I told her how I felt about several things, I told her what I told her mom. She tried to gaslight me saying once more " So you're blaming everything on y (her manager)?". I told her I'm saying my side of the story, you believe whatever illusion you've made up in your head. Speaking to her showed me how she was on the same vicious cycle as before. I spoke my mind about several things. I think the most important one to me was telling her " Don't contact anymore, lose my number, you wanted me out of your life so leave me out of it. I don't want you, or your parents to call me. I am not interested in knowing what bad decisions you make. As soon as the call ended, I blocked her new number and kept on. The following day I went and changed my phone number. Currently day five of no contact and its going great. I know I was mean and blunt, but I think she deserved it. I'm completely unapologetic about it, and even if I did stoop to her level by reciprocating treatment it gave me the closure I needed.  I finally feel free.