I am going through so freaking much right now. Let's bring it to the beginning of why I joined this sub. I had just gotten out of a 5 year relationship. So glad it's over, trust me. I will hopefully never go back to her again. And I'm not saying that as she's the worst person in the world, as I screwed up badly in the relationship as well. Well 3 months into my NC, and breakup I'm doing everything I should be doing, going to my meetings. (Recovering alcoholic, 2 years sober), running, lifting weights, having a grand time. Even with her calling me about once a week. Really making progress. Well... There was this girl at my meetings.. had a crush on her the whole 3 months but I wasn't trying to talk to her or anything as I was shy and still a little bit down in the dumps with a little low self esteem from the break up. Plus I didn't want to just jump into anything even with all the progress. Well she ends up talking to me and we get into a "relationship" for 7 days. Yeah ended in 7 days lol because she's going through her own trauma and issues. That's cool. I'm not really ready for that label anyway. Well we still talk and hang out. But it's so hard because we don't keep in constant constant communication like I'd like. You guys know what I mean. The constant communication you developed with your ex. The hundreds of texts a day when they were at work or you were even when living together. The phone calls. Ughh. See the 7 days me and that girl were in a "relationship" she'd call me all the time and text.... To now barely at all. Even though granted we usually have been seeing each other 4 times a week 3 or all 4 spending the night together. I'm ranting because I haven't dated anyone in longer than 5 years. Me and my ex just jumped into a relationship to. And it didn't turn out very good. Lol. I just don't know how to take it slow. There's still lingering expectations and bulk crap from my ex of 5 years. I really like this new girl. Even if I'm losing my mind from it. (Again, it's really not her it's me and my past relationship). How do you take things slow? How do you stop wanting some of those things your ex provided? Shouldn't a relationship start with limited texting or calling anyway and get to know them better face to face? So what am I bitching about? Ohhh idk, the fact maybe she makes it complicated to. Like since she's dealing with a family issue she does this thing once a week where she needs to be alone.. typically it's the day before her therapy or if she's going through something else during the week. And then boom she hits me up to hang out. Ughhhh.. I don't even know what I'm saying in all this.? Maybe to really be careful before you decide to date again. Old behaviours creep up. Like jumping into a relationship with a stranger. I am not ready for one. I wish I was... Really do. Because I don't want my ex back. And I really like this girl. Is it worth it to see where this goes even if sometimes I feel no reciprocation on some of the small details. How much did I put up with, with my 5 year ex. Help me peeps!