hey all, long post but would love some advice/support. I was just broken up with on Sunday after a brief reunion with my ex, who i had dated for about a year. I’m currently in my first year postgrad and have had a lot of professional & emotional stress that weighed heavy on our relationship. I suggested we break up in November of last year, we talked it over for a while and then decided to break up in December, after it seemed like I was just not in a space to bring my whole self to the relationship after he had expressed he needing more. I understood, but was heartbroken and pretty emotional and reached out right after the breakup, then did NC for three weeks before reaching out after the holidays. He was responsive and kind but still expressed concern that it was bad for each of our healing to reconnect. I just wanted to mend things, and did feel like I understood the relationship much better and was ready to approach it in a more healthy way. I somehow talked him into seeing me, and things started out casual but within a couple of weeks we were seeing each other regularly. It felt like we had fallen back into our relationship, but without a lot of the insecurity and stress I had, and things were going well. He pumped the brakes a month into our reunion, and said he wanted to continue in a sustainable way, so wanted to try taking things slower. I was over the moon as I didn’t even know we were taking this reunion anywhere (we weren’t officially back “on”) and really happy that he was communicating his needs in the relationship so much better than before! Flash forward to last week: he was having a really stressful time with work and we got into an argument in the midst of it all. Communication sort of broke down, and we were both hurt and realizing “taking things slow” wasn’t really allowing us to depend on one another as a full partner. It was just a weird situation, and after arguing and talking about how to fix it, he suggested we break up. He said he needs space to figure out what he wants, as he can’t commit to me fully right now, and feels the discrepancy between reality/expectation is causing the tension between us. He said he loves being around me, but it’s too easy/tempting to fall back into a full relationship, so he thinks we shouldn’t see each other for a while. were also fairly young (I’m 22, hrs 24) so I do understand wanting to explore more. But it’s pretty heartbreaking, and we hung out the morning after breaking up and had a great day and he started talking ambiguously about staying together. I’m just trying to grapple with knowing that we work really well, but it’s not what he wants right now, and the inherent hope within that situation. I sent him a few messages just for closure, and he didn’t respond, so i know i need to respect his request for space. just feel devastated labeling our relationship as hopeless after things have been so promising. we’re also approaching a landmine of milestones (my bday in 3 weeks, his in 5 and our would-be anniversary in 7) any words of wisdom or similar experiences? thanks!!