Hey guys, this is gonna be a pretty long post. First of all I'm 19 and have always been a seeker of Truth (still am). I had a born-again Christian experience about a month ago and my inner world radically changed. It's almost like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. Now, why I am posting this on this subreddit? Well, I have a history of PUAism. I did about 500-600 approaches in total and I had some success (12 pulls, 2 lays (when i say "lay" i mean "kind of getting laid", since i had so much performance anxiety). But, for me, PUA was more or less a way of handling my social anxiett with which I still suffer greatly. I have a history of childhood abuse and it still messes with me, daily. I have a lot of trust issues and I generally just dislike people, but I really really wanna change. The questions I have are these: did anyone here on this subreddit go through the same? Did anyone go through a period in their life in which they "banged" a bunch of women? If so, did you find it fulfilling? Or did it just make you more miserable and depressed? I really don't know in which direction to go in life. Since having tnis born-again experience, my desire for spirituality and truth-seeking has only deepened, but on the other hand, I don't want to be a "pussy" and want to overcome my social fears and be a MAN, not the "feminine guy" my mother (sadly) raised me up to be. Is PUA a good way of learning social skills? Is it needed? After becoming a Christian, my perception or reality changed a lot, it's almost like I can see through people (hard to explain) and I can see tge sadness within them. Yesterday I went with my non-Christian friend to the club and I was shocked at the sight. I could very clearly see people in the club looking for some sort of meaning.. I could see their awkwardness.. their desire to be loved.. it almost seemed like they wanted to escape their problems through getting laid with someone from the club and getting drunk. Do you guys think this is all there is to life? Getting drunk/high and having group orgies? Is this all that there is to this existence? Is anyone a "spiritual" person here? Or is spirituality just a way to escape dealing with the harsh truth of life? A lot of questions here haha, I'm just sharing my thoughts, had a pretty rough day yesterday. Cheers