So for the pass 5 months my (24f) (23m) boyfriend’s brother (25m) and pregnant at the time wife (22f) have been staying at his mom’s house where my boyfriend and I are also living. In the beginning me and her never spoke really and then one day she spoke with me and asked about my feelings regarding the family, to which I gave my honest opinions about. The following week we would hash out our feelings on things, neither of our feelings were the nicest at times. But then she was acting distant and a bit cold, and seemed to be getting along with mom better. I thought that she talked to her but I wasn’t trying to assume with out knowing. But come to find out she spoke to the mom and told her things we’ve talked about. I was furious, she didn’t owe me any loyalty but I felt like if she was going to do that I should have been may aware either before or after the conversation. Instead of being public enemy number 1 without me knowing. As you can think while she became the favorite I became the person the mother was cold and a bit hostile towards. I told my boyfriend I was going to discuss it with her but he stated if I did and things got out of hand the mother said she would kick me out. But I decided I didn’t care and spoke to her about it. She said she didn’t want to have hostility in a family that she was going to be apart of. Even though a part of me didn’t want to believe this nice version of the story, I decided to let it go. But I guess the family didn’t because they got mad at me for speaking  to her about it and my boyfriend was annoyed I didn’t listen to him. She’s had her baby and I’m not really sure she’s okay with me touching him. Fast forward to now, it’s still a bit tense with me and her and we’ve have tried to be okay but it’s just weird. So sometimes they would ask for me to watch him but it got to the point where they started to ask me through me boyfriend. I hate being asked through him, so I said no once. The other night since things are weird/ tense with us, they wanted to go smoke outside and decided to leave the baby in the room alone with a phone on FaceTime to watch him. I felt bad because he kept crying so I just asked to hold him until they came back. Her husband said yes while looking at her kinda like her was seeing if it was okay. I’m not sure but she seemed upset when she came in. Honestly I don’t care of I should be mad about what she did or whatever going on between us. I wouldn’t want her to feel unhappy or concerned about me touching her child. I’m still wary on how I feel about her but I wouldn’t want to disrespect her in the regards to her child. Do you guys think I’m blowing this up, that it’s my fault, that I shouldn’t have held her child?