I feel like I'm being crazy, so I'd like opinions on this. Back story, I'm in my 20s and still live with one parent. I generally feel trapped, because from the time I was a kid I wasn't allowed to have friends, was homeschooled, though I had to do it myself because the parents didn't do anything. All I was allowed to do was clean up after everyone, the house in general, cook dinner, and be the punching bag. I wasn't allowed to get a license or a job until after I was 18, even then I got in trouble for doing so, because I was always accused of doing things my parents and my siblings did as kids, even though I did none of them. I'm still not allowed to do things unless I ask, and I have a job I love, but will never allow me to get out of this house. So I've had a dream that I wanted to turn into a career I could make good money at, by having my own business. It requires some building, though I'm very handy. And I wanted to make my own first so I can practice and get it down. I told my dad (again I have to ask, even if it's my own money) he LOVED the idea, then started doing research, bought everything and is doing it himself, and the way HE wants. I'm very upset about it, but I know not to say anything because it will turn into a massive fight and nothing will be accomplished. He talks about it nonstop and I get very pissed off on the inside, but I just say things like "oh that's awesome." "Glad you figured it out" etc. And then he gets pissed off at me because I'm not fawning over his excellency of doing this project. I told him it was something I wanted to do, so I could get practice and make it into a business. And when he started saying things like "I'm going to do this" I would try to steer it away and make it mine again. But that went to hell, clearly. I feel like this is going to erupt, because I can only bottle up so much. This is what he does all the time, he takes over everything and I feel like I cant have anything. But at the same time I feel bad about being in a bad mood and crappy all the time. And I should be grateful for everything. Thoughts?