Hi, im Chan. Thats not my real name but its not important anyway. I live in a country where women showing power towards men is a common thing. Despite all that funny fact, my family is the opposite situation. Im 14 yearsold and apparently, im studying in an international school. In my country, studying in an internation school is not a common thing and only wealthy family can afford it. Me and my brother are both studying in an international school. You must think my family is really rich. We’re not. Since we need lots of money to pay for me my brother’s education. My dad had to struggled with the financial problem and he had changed a lot. Our family does not get a long other the time but since we moved away, my dad had gotten really grumpy. Conflict in our family started to happen more often. I always tell my self that nobody gets to choose their parents, but that doesn’t cheer me up much. Sometime, things got really serious and my dad started to get crazy. Sometime, I really hate my dad but than i thought about what he had sacrificed for me. After every low point in my life, I always think positive and try to forget it. But nothing is like what happen a few minutes ago. I think you guys have all known that apparently, there is an epidemic. My dad is a cautious person so he always tell us not to go to crowded place. In our lunch, my grandma advised us to go to the park but my dad didn’t want us to do this. To be fair, this thing happen really often. My dad and my grandma doesn’t always get along and they often have conflict. But things got really serious when my dad started smashing dished. He throw a dish right next to my grandma. She was pissed and hit my dad with a broom. At that moment, i was standing right next to my grandmother and the dish almost hit me. After that, my dad said some really mean stuff to grandma and i honestly dont wanna say it. Let just say that their are a bunch of broken glass and smashed dishes on the floor after that. I ran into my room, held my tear because my dad gets really angry when i cry. The reason that this was more serious than the other fight in my family was at that moment, i was awaken than ever. I thought about everything that my dad did and i just could not stand it. I stand on the edges of window. Our appartment is on the 2x floor and I wasn’t even a little scare. I look down and thought about myself. Me myself have gone insane many time and i was afraid of the thought of becoming just like my dad. For some reason, i stepped down and cry. I wiped away my tears, went out and continue on my lunch. I hope.. no i wish this wont go viral. I just hope to find someone that is in the same situation and tell me how weak i was, and i will feel ashamed of myself for being such a woman...