I just really don’t vibe with kids and never have. Ive never gotten along with one. That’s not going to change any time soon. And that is why i don’t ever plan on having children. I’m obviously not in the right mindset to get along with them. And I’ve always been like this since I was a child myself. I got diagnosed with Aspergers when I was 16. I’m 21 now. I couldn’t get along with Anyone and always the outcast. I can’t relate to children in anyway. Im just being blunt and honest. My little brother who is 8 is the type of child that drives me nuts, and annoys the heck out of me. I find his high pitched, repetitive noises grating. I hate it when he does that joy-shriek or try to demand attention. I love him but I just don’t enjoy playing with him. But im always told I’m a horrible sibling and not a good example. And sometimes I’m forced to take care of others children. I also have a special needs sibling who’s 12, autistic and non verbal and needs a lot of assistance and has PSWs that help him twice a day. But I get along with him better and prefer to spend time with him because he’s not loud, he doesn’t demand attention, he doesn’t run around and scream, and he’s easily happy by music or if I sing to him. My 8 year old brother demands attention all the time and my mom is always in his side. When I explain that I can’t play at the moment because I have work to finish or busy doing something I’m always getting shunned by him and my mom. I already play my part as a sibling by teaching them right from wrong, cleaning up after them, sacrificing myself for them, changing them, feeding them and keeping them safe. but I should not have to be fake for the sake of the family. I’d rather be real with how I feel instead of faking it and having other people trust me with their children. It already ended badly last time I was forced to watch another persons child just because they would not listen to me when I said that I did not want to. It’s sad that I feel more safe being myself with my some of friends than with my family. Am I wrong?