So, I (M 21) grew up since day 1 with my grandparents. They took me in since my mom had me at a very young age. A teen mom basically. Ever since, I considered my grandparents my actual parents. I had recently came out to them as gay back in November of 2019 this past year. It went well, they were supportive of me. Up until recently. About 2 months ago I caved and finally bleached my hair after talking about wanting to do it for months. I was loving it and whatnot. My grandparents didn’t know I was doing this because what big deal would it be for me to change my hair color out of choice? I thought wrong for thinking so little of it. The morning my grandmother (61) saw it, she flipped. She burst into tears and threw a tantrum yelling and saying cruel things like where did she go wrong in raising me. I was shocked. I was expecting a joke out of her or a laugh. I was crushed. I called my mom (we’re on good terms, I just never lived with her) and she told me to just go over her apartment till it blows over. Sure enough, I find out through my aunt that my grandma didn’t want me back until my hair was “normal”. My grandpa backing her up. I did not want her to control me and so I took all my stuff and move in with my mom. Since then, she hasn’t spoke to me or even bothered to check up on me. My aunts want me to go over since they’re all going for Mother’s Day to my grandmas but I refuse to go. My whole life me and my aunts have seen this side of my grandma where she never filters herself and think it’s ok to throw fits over minor things. She has a difficult time sucking up her pride and admitting she was wrong and talking things out. I refuse to go over for Mother’s Day because what she did to me in kicking me out wasn’t very motherly. My aunts brought up that I should be grateful for everything she has done for me and I am. I completely am aware she raised me voluntarily. Is it wrong that I don’t want to go over? She should be the bigger person and come forward because of her actions.