My [16] parents [40's] believe in unconditional obedience from their children and I'm a really headstrong person so I have strong opinions. I am a good kid in terms of grades, staying out of trouble, being religious (it's important to my parents), being a fundamentally good person. My shortcomings are my headstrong attitude and short temper. Sometimes when fighting with them I'm definitely in the wrong but other times, I know that I'm right and I know they know too because of the way they respond. They don't have the ability to apologize which makes things hard for me because honestly some of the shit they say really hurts and it's hard to let go. Recently I came out about my depression and anxiety to them and they have honestly done nothing to make me feel better. All they've done is bring it up any chance they get like "We don't want to talk about that around you because you'll become more depressed." They just take it super lightly and point it out whenever they can. They said they'll change because I had a complete break down and told them that they caused my depression. They went back to their normal selves in a day. And they honestly got even worse because no one even greets me in the morning when I come downstairs until I say something myself. I think they're scared of me or something I have no clue. I've gone entire days without talking to them if I didn't start a conversation. Somedays I sit in my room for hours hoping someone will come to talk to me but no one really does. And even when I do start conversations my mom will be quick to shut them down and my dad and I don't get along because he talks to me very condescendingly sometimes when he's in a bad mood so I don't bother taking a chance. And honestly I am not the easiest person to deal with either-- I have a pretty short temper. But I think most of the problem stems from the fact that they think that I don't know what I'm talking about because I haven't experienced much of the real world yet so I don't know enough to have a valid opinion. This may be true but it causes them to always cut me off during conversations and never listen to me with an open mind. Before I even start speaking, they have already decided that I'm going to be wrong. This is taking a huge toll on me. Them not talking to me at all anymore is making me feel a whole lot worse and I wish I never told them. This lockdown isn't helping either. And honestly I don't blame them because in my parents' culture, mental health is a myth. They don't know how to deal with this type of stuff. I should've known better before telling them but I didn't know what else to do. I'm applying to college this year so I hope I can get some distance from my parents soon. I just feel like they have given up on me and I think it's my fault. I think distance will help our relationship get back to what it used to be. I hope this post wasn't all over the place.