Okay so last month I got a message on facebook from this teenage boy from up in Scotland who said "hello my name is Jordan and I think we may share the same dad, I know this sounds extremely weird and if you don't want to talk I understand but I'd appreciate it if you could" I wasn't sure what to think at first. I'd have thought my dad would have told us about a baby brother when we were younger or something, after all he and my mum have been separated for the past 20 years since I was 3. I messaged back, he said he "thinks" we have the same dad so he could be wrong. I said hello and told him my name and asked him why he thought he was my brother to which he then proceed that his whole life he thought his dad's name was David (insert fake last name here) and that's not my dad's name and said that my father's name was John (real last name here) to which he said he knows my dad's name and then he sent me photos of him as a baby and child with a man who was in fact my dad. My world at this moment was now starting to spiral. Turns out when my dad was travelling for work he started sleeping with this woman in Scotland and had given her a fake name so she couldn't try and find him as he was seeing my now stepmother for about a couple weeks at the time. After a couple weeks going back and forth from london to Scotland he had gotten this woman pregnant. And from then on he took business trips there regularly for a few weeks for the next 15 years until one day he dropped contact with Jordan. It wasn't until Jordan got his own phone and got my dad's number from his mum and saw my dad's facebook profile under "people you may know" after his phone synced his contacts to his apps. He saw our dad with a name he didn't recognised and looked through his profile to see the family he missed out on his whole life, he saw me tagged in a photo with my dad and brothers that said "me and my boys" he saw me and saw that I was the youngest and figured I'd be easier to talk to. I was dumbfounded, absolutely dumbfounded. He asked if it could be possible to meet and that he would be visiting London within the next few weeks and I said sure and we met up and I got to know him a little and sort some things out. I saw him in person and he looked like a mix between my brother, dad and cousin. He was for sure my brother, we got talking about the family, his who he grew up with and about the family that he missed out on. I felt horrible for him that he missed out on everything from the birthday parties to the niece and nephews he hasn't met that are a huge part of my life. He met my boyfriend and they got along very well and we met up several more times that week he was in London and got along extremely well and showed him pictures of the family and showed him texts from the family group chat. but now was the time to confront our dad. I let him know that I was coming to see him (my stepmother was in France at the time so I wasn't going to upset her by showing up with my secret half brother) he opens the door to see me standing there with Jordan and his face just dropped instantly. I ripped into him about how he could keep Jordan a secret and Jordan tore into him about how he could just grow up not knowing his real name, that he was excluded from a family he had no idea existed. This wasn't the first time my dad disappointed me but it was the worst time he had. And for Jordan he did worse. Jordan is now back in Scotland and I'll be visiting next week and he will come back to so I can reveal everything to the family and have him meet them all in person, all his aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents, niece, nephews and finally my brothers, his brothers. Sure I'll warn them first to get over the initial shock of it all and come around but Jordan deserves to know his family. To know where he comes from. He is the little brother I've always wanted and he said he was so glad to have met me. Proud to say I have a little brother who I'm definitely going to make sure is in my life and apart of the family