When I moved to stay with my mum she had a partner (not with him anymore) I was always told I had to dress proper that meant no skirts vests and with dresses and stuff she would always pick them out. (Long ugly dresses) she would pick out my clothes to go out as well. (This happened until I was 17/18) I think the accusations all stemmed from my step dad he used to be the one to make comments on how I dressed and how it didn’t look right but at the same breath he thought of slapping my butt as a term of endearment. (She always saw him do so) anyway. She always used to (still does) warn me about how it’s my responsibility to limit the possibility of a man touching me it’s all about how I dress and how I talk to them and how I sit etc. The real problem started when I started baby sitting for my auntie and when we started having BBQ’s. I remember the first time so well she called me into her room and accused me of fucking my auntie’s husband the reason? My clothing style had changed. I started feeling so uncomfortable around him when I babysat I’d leave before he came (my auntie always came home early) and I saw how hesitant he became to talk to me too so I think my auntie or mum asked him the same thing we barely speak now. When we go to BBQ’s she’d always talk about make sure no one touches you this way make sure you’re covered up and she accused me of sleeping with some of the other men who’d come to the BBQ’s. Me not having a dad already affected me as I don’t know how a father’s touch is like so now when my ‘uncles’ try touch me I always freeze up doesn’t matter if it’s just a pat on the shoulder or a hug I always try get away from them as quickly as possible because it just makes me so uncomfortable. I just wanted to let this out sorry if it doesn’t make much sense but it was so hard to break this down as so many things happened but yeah. I’ve now moved out but whenever I come down to visit I spend a good amount of time trying to find the right outfit her new partner doesn’t seem bad but I still don’t like being in a room alone with him or any of my uncles really. Thanks for reading