How am I supposed to treat my mom, who lowkey thinks all her children are evil and hate her. She thinks we like our dad so much better but I really truthfully don't. She gets upset if we joke/talk with her because she thinks we are making fun of her, but gets jealous and accuses us of "not wanting her there" or "hating her" if we aren't actively talking to her or joking with her. When we are in public sometimes I have to tell my siblings not to stand to close to each other bc then she thinks we are being cliquey bitches and excluding her purposefully. I would say the only thing she can really be upset that we do is being dismissive? sometime I am doing work and I don't really respond and then she is sad we are ignoring her and I guess that can be a lil bit fair? Sometimes she thinks we glare at her and she refuses to talk to us because of it. However, if we don't go and apologize to her she thinks we again would prefer if she "wasn't around", but really we are not aware of why she is angry because we never actually glared at her. In the end of whatever she gets upset about she often goes off about what a terrible mother she is, how she wants to kill herself. At that point we have to comfort her and say how much we love her, which is very true! I love my mom and I have never spoken ill to my mom, it just gets very tiring trying to make her think we don't hate her! She has a therapist but I don't think they are doing a very good job tbh. I've never yelled or gotten angry at my mom, I'm so passive and not assertive because of her. Usually when she does get mad at me I cry, but then she gets mad at me for crying! I ask her if I can go out sometimes and do things and she doesn't say no, but she goes off about why that would be bad and for asking her in the first place, to that I usually say "that's okay I didn't want to go really" but then she'll say I'm making her feel guilty for saying no, and go off on me. I really don't know how I am supposed to be? How to make her think we don't hate her? 