My mom and step dad were married for 6 years and he supported her financially throughout. 3 years ago they started having problems and he wanted to get a divorce but she didn’t. He moved out all his stuff from the house and this caused my mom to go in some mental shock to where she was paranoid and saying and doing weird things and had to be hospitalized for 2 weeks. After this she was never fully normal she kept thinking other people are involved or are telling my step dad to divorce her and to this day she keeps trying to find someone to blame for this divorce including me, his mom or his daughter or his ex wife. When in reality he made the decision on his own and was unhappy. He has moved on and is remarried but my mom has never been the same. We moved out 3 years ago into a small apartment and she never has been the sane she constantly talks about him and the marriage and complains about her life now and can’t seem to move forward at all. She got a new job a few months ago and was kind of happier. However due to the virus she got laid off and during the past months of quarantine she has gotten even worse. She is sad all the time and keeps talking about my step dad and doesn’t understand why he divorced her and doesn’t want to move on and keeps finding someone to blame for it. A few days ago we were in a car accident where we were rear ended and that seems to have made her mental health even worse. She is constantly mad and yelling and complaining and seems way more depressed even tho the insurance is paying for all the damages cuz we were not at fault. I know money is tight for her and that is very stressful and I think the biggest thing she misses is the financial security from my step dad. I just want my old mom back. She refuses to go therapy or be put on depression medication because she says she is not “crazy”. I really don’t know what to do. I’m supposed to be going to college this fall but due to the virus the first semester will be online. I worry about her being alone cuz she is not close to any of her family and doesn’t have any close friends. But at the same time I feel like being here with her kills any happiness or excitement I have because she will ruin the day by talking about the past and being upset at the world and life. I really need some advice