Hello, I am posting this so I can get some opinions on what people think. So I am a 19 year male out of 7 siblings. However things are bad right now with the family. First of all My older sister is 22 and she is getting married this weekend and having a baby in August. My older sister has managed to get most of the kids against my mother including my older brother, they have removed our mother from every single social media platform and don’t talk to her at all. My older sister also tries to manipulate the younger children into thinking my Mom is terrible. Which honestly my mom is amazing, she is the one who practically raised us even in the toughest of life. My mom wasn’t invited to her daughters wedding, Bridal shower and won’t be allowed to see the baby in August( Grand child). It just sickens me that my family is falling apart in front of my face and I can’t do anything about it. I have tried to talk sense into my siblings but they don’t listen they have lost it. I am not attending my sisters wedding as I am gone out of country for some time. But my mom FaceTimes me in tears feeling like she failed us all, and it’s so tough to hold back the tears to see your own mother in so much pain. She told me that she has disowned the older siblings who used to love her very very much.. it’s just I know one day when my mom passes on, it will be the day when my siblings regret everything. But I still try to get them together kinda hard being out of country though. It’s so easy to think that a family is perfect over the years through memories and life, but life hits brutal. It’s so sad to see my family like this, I do know many other families go through the same thing as well which is a shame. But like once the family is split it will always be split for future families in my bloodline, unless they can come together and work things out. I just needed to get this out  there, and see if you any of guys are currently going through the same thing or have went through the same thing.