My sister-in-law is hosting a small gathering at her house this weekend. All in all, there will be 12 people there including a couple from her workplace and 2 of her cousins and their kids who still go to day care. This was planned before the state of National Emergency was declared due to Coronavirus. I told her that I don't think it's a good idea to push through with the party. And if she still decides to go through with it my husband and I probably won't go given that my great aunt recently moved in with us and she is in the "danger zone" - almost 80 years old with respiratory problems and in remission from cancer. She threw a massive fit. She said that everyone else is okay with pushing through with the party except us and all of us gling are young and healthy anyway. She also said that she already bought food for the party and she rarely gets to spend time with her brother (my husband) and now I'm taking that away from her. I retorted that it's a matter of life and death for my great aunt. I also told her about recent recommendation of limiting gatherings to no more than 10 people. But she said doesn't understand why I'm making a big fuss about two extra people. She also said that she called up the guests she invited and no one has any symptoms. I told her that there would be kids there and studies have shown that kids can be asymptomatic. Anyway we just kept on going back and forth and she's painting me out to be a party pooper and is trying to convince my husband to go even if I dont want to. She said that the chances of anyone catching coronavirus at the party is slim to none and that I'm feeding into this hysteria (meanwhile businesses in our town have shuttered down). I'm trying to see things from her point of view - it's her birthday, she planned this gathering a long time ago and she already bought the food so I guess it's understandable that she feels slighted about is not going. But I strongly feel that it's irresponsible to push through with the whole thing. My friend had to postpone her wedding and she didnt throw a fit like my sister in law did. What do you think? Am I being unreasonable?