My younger brother (33)  got married last November and until that point he had lived with me, my husband and baby.  Honestly I let a lot slide because he is my only brother but at this point I’m over him and his child bride. To be clear she is not a child but my sil is 21. I feel like a lot of anger had built up over time. First is how the sil came up to us and told us that she could not wait to live with us for year, which was a huge surprise to us since we thought my bro was moving out, second was how annoying her bridesmaids were but that’s a whole other story.  What really pushed me over the edge was HER FAMILY!!!! I’m mean I would have completely understood if they wanted a small wedding because they were paying for it their self but what pissed me off is her parents refusing to pay for anything then getting angry because my parents who PAID for almost the whole wedding did not feel comfortable wearing some native clothes from their country that did not fit them and were ugly as a pile of well you know. My parents at first were okay with it but when they got the clothes they were 3x to big and were the same color as dirt while the brides side looked like they were fit for royalty. On top of all that they were late to the dress rehearsal then left because they forgot all their stuff mind you we love be 4 hours from the wedding. To make matters worse they assumed that their whole family (grandma, uncles , aunts, cousins) were staying at my parents house which is a 3 bedroom. Then when my parents said no because their kids who lived out town were staying their The in-laws told my parents since they were rich they could pay for their hotels. Mind you that they had been planning this wedding for a year and my parents are not rich my mom worked 2 jobs and my dad worked 3 jobs to pay for this wedding that their future daughter law wanted. But what killed me most was at the wedding her parents acted like they paid for the wedding and the child bride Thanked HER parents for giving her the wedding of her dreams and never once said thank you to my parents for paying for the wedding or Thank you to my brother’s sisters for help paying for some of the wedding.  I have tried to be kind and loving to her but she drives me nuts always acting like a child and talking like a baby. For example they texted us to save them a spot at church which we did but then when they got there she saw us waved then went to sit with her friends. Or how about when she came sick to my home knowing that my baby gets sick really easy and ends up in the hospital, or maybe it’s that our side of the family has never been invited to their home but her side is always there. I’ve tried talking to my brother but he is just as annoying. I guess my heart just hurts since he was my best friend growing up and when I got married I made sure that he had a place to stay almost rent free and his clothes were clean and he had food on the table. I just really miss my brother and when I try to talk to my mom about how shitty they are acting and how he refuses to make time to spend with his nephew ( my son has autism and it was hard for him not seeing his uncle everyday) my mom takes his side saying he is newly married and busy ( every time I look on his profiles he is with friends hanging out and her family) I really just wish they would say Thank you and think of our side of the family without trying to get something from us or wanting us to feed them. Rant over Sorry so long just need to get it of my heart.