I’m a 24 year old college student that has been back home now for 3 months due to the whole covid-19 situation and currently living with my father. He’s an occasional drunk, and has the shortest temper (almost like a raging 10 year old) that I cannot stand. He’s in his 50s but acts like he’s my age maybe lesser. He’s mentally abusive and he constantly criticizes everything and talks down on everyone. His excuse for that is “I’m brought up in Brooklyn and this is how my family is and this is how we got down back then. We talk shit, and we damn sure can back it up” he’s just a hot headed asshole, but can be a good guy when he wants to. I could be in my room minding my business and he’ll just aggressively walk in periodically and just start talking sh*t. He says things like “what you need to do is get off the game and go workout. You’ll get your a** beat if a real man were to step to you” or he’ll say “surprise your not out with your boys sucking each other’s d**cks” and he’ll say it with a serious tone and slam my door. He constantly calls my brother names calling him a “Fata** lazy Fu*k and that you’ll get bullied in school if you don’t man up and lose weight” mind you my brother is only 11. I told him don’t worry about you’ll grow up and your body will stretch out kid. But recently I got in to a heated argument with him because I’m tired of his BS. We cussed at each other and yelled slanderous terms back and forth to each other. Once I said what I had to say, I slammed my door and 5 seconds later he kicks a hole right through it and gets in my face and says “I’ll f***ing  cave your head in right here and make you wish you never opened your mouth again” at this point I’ve had it. I’m worried that I’ll snap one day and hurt this man. I know what I’m capable of but I have a lot of self control and will power to hold back all my strength because I know he’s my father. I’ve saved up enough money to get my own place so me and brother can get outta here but everything is being delayed because of the corona situation. Any thoughts?? I just need help, and guidance at this point before I end up dead or in jail.