I’m 23 y/o. I left my dorm and came back home and will stay here probably until the lockdown ends. My parents just started repainting the bedrooms at our house and they just said that I can’t do it because: „It’s too hard and I will f*ck up”.  This situation is just story of my life, I never could help my father fix the sink, plant a tree or change a car tyre because: „You will never do this as good as I do just watch”. Every time I felt upset about this and had arguments with them about it but in the end I always thought that maybe they are right. But I think that when we are trying something for the first time it’s ok if we f*ck up, because we are learning am I right? I study medicine and my professor lets me do quite complex medical procedures on patients that could possibly do a lot of harm if they go wrong. But the thing is my proffesor really trusts me and let’s me practice a lot of procedures. So if I can assist during complex operations then I can also assist my parents in painting bedrooms, right? What would happen if I fu*ked up my bedroom painting? Would someone die if I failed to paint it the right way? I think it’s not such a big deal and I would just do it again this time the right way. I can’t say my parents are evil because they pay my dorm bills, send me money to buy food and provide shelter. They are not alcoholics and they themselves are physicians. Tell me if I’m wrong but I can’t stand their protective attitude anymore. I just don’t want to argue with them anymore because every debate with my parent’s is a loosing battle - no matter how good my points are they always fail before my parents’ arguments: „We gave you everything”; „We pay for your needs and you will do what you want when you will earn your own money”. On one side of the flipcoin they are right I don’t have a well paying job and my living is greatly dependant on them. I really feel miserable and maybe it is my fault, maybe I really am terrible person. My only idea to resolve this situation is to cut the family ties with my parents when I finish my medical degree in 2 years and finally become independant. Right now I don’t have much options I can’t even go back to my dorm because of the virus. Sorry for the long post and my english.