My brother is 30 years old, no car, no diploma, no certifications, he pays no bills except for his phone. He’s been sleeping on my mother’s bedroom floor for many years now. He’s a coke head and he said he’s done heroin once but I think he’s tried it more than that. I have extreme anxiety around him, when I was 13 I even tried to kill myself once with Tylenol pills because he will argue with me about everything. I really can’t stand him. And idk what to do, but he’s been ruining my mental health since I was 13. My mom kicked him out but he came back after 2 months, she always takes his side and is against me. Even when he is wrong.. he screams, he yells, he’s only like 5’3 and is too scared to fight with men, he’s always trying to fight with me. I really do wish he was dead. Because he has got in my face and started yelling, over little things like a strand of my hair being on the floor. Or the dog pooping on the floor. One time I had to run to the cops and get him arrested because he hit me in the face with a towel and it left a blood clot in my cheek, thankfully that went away. He got me arrested twice for revenge just for defending myself, they took me in because they had marks on him. He went to anger management,he has calmed down a little. But he still go back to his ways when upset, he will start yelling and slamming banging on walls or the door if I wake him up from his sleep just by talking. He is crazy, will act like the nicest person sometimes so I can forget who he is but when he is mad the true him comes back out. My mom lets him slide cause that’s her “son” and my mom is very toxic too. Constantly shaming me for being single, she didn’t teach me to cook and doesn’t want to, she doesn’t like to give a dollar. Yes she has bought things for me before but never without yelling and cursing me out first. I’m very depressed, and I know they’re also a part of the cause. I know I have to move out but I can’t afford it yet. I’m 22, And I’m currently paying for my car bills. As of now that I’m here, I really don’t know what to do. I just really want my brother out of my life.