He’s having issues at work, major issues to where he is sore his colleague is lying to him about financials and has told him he (my husband) needs to take a pay cut.  My husband is a drinker.  The situation at work has made him so infuriated.  The drinking is fueling his anger.  Yesterday he was very verbally abrasive toward me.  He apologized today but we got into it again because I was still upset from the treatment yesterday.  It got resolved and he apologized for the treatment and that he’s solely upset with this person at work.  Things seemed fine but again, as the day progressed and he kept drinking, he went from a few minutes of laughing with the kids while I was upstairs to all of a sudden him being upset saying our older daughter is getting pulled out of music lessons because she doesn’t practice enough and he’s fed up.  Of course my daughter started balling.  I get he is concerned about money but he is clearly directing his ire towards the wrong people.  I should mention he did that while not mentioning “trimming fat” in other areas that solely depend on his spending of extra curricular activities.  This is all happening while he is so angry his eyes look like they’re going to pop out of his skull, so I have no choice but to say ok.  I’m very sad right now.  Yes my daughter has been a challenge to get to practice but she is good and I’m worried this will set her back.  I don’t know what to do with a man when he is this angry.  I feel he took out the work stuff on our daughter today and justifying it with these reasons.  He knows how much she loves it even though she dreads practice.  We are currently SIP and there is not much for our kids to do around the house so they’ve been on electronics a lot.  Anger makes you lose perspective and context.  All you see is a tiny part of the picture and anger thrives on that.  I’ve never wrote anything like this on social media so please go easy.  I’m very upset now.  My daughter has potential (granted she’s lazy) and a good ear for music.   Now she has no extracurricular activities to anchor to during shelter in place and he knows this.  It’s almost like he wants to lash out and he can’t do it with this colleague.  He knows what this means.  This is plain mean.  Anger is evil and demonic.  It changes a person into something else.  Almost sub-human.