I don't even know where to begin... Mmmm I have been with my boyfriend for 2 years and his sister has always had a problem with me. It wasn't as noticeable at first until later. From the beginning they've had problems and weren't talking for a while. I'd say about half a year. They started talking after I told them she was hurting her dad for being spiteful and holding a grudge against her brother(they all lived together). So after that they got along pretty well. We all got along ok, rather. Well shortly after she ended up moving out of their house and to a new city. One of the times she came to visit though, her brother and I got into a fight because anything she asks he does. So we all went out to a bar for a birthday and had previous plans to her arrival, well that night she went berserk because he wouldn't answer the phone when she needed a shoe change. Mind you they have another brother who could have taken the change of clothes/shoes to her, but decided to call my bf instead. Well then we all got to the bar and I parted ways with my bf to go with my friend, to keep celebrating my best friends birthday. Guess what though, his brother joined immediately but my bf just couldn't tell his sister "hey I'll be back, were going next door." Forgot to mention she had come in out of town with her boyfriend that day. Well the fight escalated once the bars closed, we argued about how he never gives me my place and I left home while he left with his sister, their brother and the bf. I know I sound selfish but this happens whenever she's around. Today she came back from out of town, we all went to have dinner with their dad for his birthday, well I got up to use the restroom n when I came back they were taking pictures without me, when I sat down she asked if I could take a picture of the family and every time another family member asked if I would be in it she'd just ignore them and laugh. If things don't go her way all hell breaks lose and my bf feels guilty for it. Like it's his responsibility to obey her. Whenever I pet her dogs she also gets angry, I can't be in the same house because it feels so tense. My bf doesn't like to be affectionate around her because she'll get upset. He does a little more now but it's still weird. I don't know what to do, I want to walk away but I really love him. Am I selfish for wanting to leave the relationship because she excludes me whenever she can since that day? How am I supposed to create a family around this? We are all in our early 30s. Which is the worst thing. At that age you think you'd be better at this.