Something that I've never understood is why I don't feel close or want anything to do with my family. I have asked this question to many people before and they have always said something like, "It comes in phases," or "one day you will". I am only 25, I know I'm not that old but I can't remember a time when I have ever felt close with my family. Really, I have rarely experienced times where I have felt a strong bond towards them or (as much as it hurts me to admit this) love. It scares me because, I have plenty of friend's who say they know what I feel yet they have always had the companionship towards their family. I am annoyed when my family tries to contact me. I don't live in the same city as them, I moved two years ago, and it's rare I travel back home to see them. I know I'm not capable of emotions because I have friends I feel love towards, and I love my dogs more than anything. The strangest part, is that I grew up in a great home, with a great life. My parents are still together, the only issue I dealt with growing up was anxiety, and a lot of it. There were weeks where I would refuse to attend school because I was so afraid of having a panic attack, when I first started getting them they were so horrible, I can't even remember the amount of times I've been to the ER. I was diagnosed with severe depression as well as, panic disorder and ADHD. Something else I remember well, and still feel, is this overwhelmingly gross sexual feeling that comes out of nowhere. I feel it when I'm not in a sexual situation, and It's a hard feeling to explain. I remember being around 7 when I first started feeling this way. I don't think I've told anybody this because it's embarrassing, as well as I have too much faith in him to believe he would do something that traumatized me(nor do I believe he did), is my Uncle came into the washroom one time when I was having a bath, I was completely naked, and I'm not sure exactly what he said but it made me feel very weird and uncomfortable, and he just laughed. This situation stands out a lot in my mind, I'm not sure why, but there aren't any details that I can recall. Anyways, as weird as it sounds (and please no judgment), I have this weird lingering sexual feeling between my family and I, I don't understand it. I know this was a lot to read, and if anybody actually read through it all, regardless if you reply or not, thank you. I would not have wrote this if I hadn't drank a full bottle of wine. I have never been so confused about my emotions.