I have two brothers, i’ll call one B1 and the other B2. Growing up my parents worked a lot so it was just me and my brothers at home a lot. B1 was always the one cooking for me and feeding me when i was hungry. He was the one always spending time with me and playing with me. I have a lot of memories of us as children but i don’t have any with B2. He was always locked in his room all day and would only get out for food or to use the bathroom. We never really talked. Throughout the years i rarely saw him, rarely ever talked to him. I had no idea who he was and he had no idea who i was. I grew up to be a teenager and felt so much rage that my own brother never cared enough to spend time with me, talk to me, or anything. He would have his friends over a lot and i took those opportunities as a child to be the annoying little sister that hangs around you and your friends. But they were the only chances i ever had of hanging out with him. So, i was a teenager and i just felt so much hatred towards him. Seeing him made me mad, when he’d speak to me i got so mad and always gave him a bad attitude. I couldn’t stand his presence near me at all. We have different views on life and politics and would constantly get in fights and arguments. I couldn’t speak to him without it ensuing into a huge fight of us just screaming and cussing at each other until someone broke it up. I remember him being angry at me one day and i texted him to leave me alone and that i wasn’t going to be a failure and a high school drop out just like him and i had no remorse over it at all. In my head i didn’t care one bit of any pain that could cause him because it was what he deserved for never being a brother to me. After high school we started working together and carpooling and we would always talk at work. We got along, we laughed together. We even went out together with our friends and it felt nice. I talked to him a lot about things from work that bothered me and he was there to listen. We formed a bond and a sibling relationship which is what i always wanted. Him and my other brother were always together and excluded me out of everything and it made me feel like i was nothing to them. It still hurts me to have grown up feeling like i didn’t matter to them. I’m 20 now and i love my brother(s) to death. It eats me up inside to have had those evil thoughts in my head. I hated my brother, I did, and it breaks me. It hurts me so much. There’s no one i’ve ever told about this but i just had to let it out.