Hi, so this has been an ongoing issue since i was 13 years old that has traumatised me to this day. I'm   going to try to keep this short as there has so much that has occurred since i was 13 years old to the age of 20. My dad who i used to see as my hero has become someone i am ashamed. I kept convincing myself for years and years my dad would never do such a thing and he made me believe my mom was crazy i used to shout at my mom tell her how awful she was for making this house a place that felt like hell due to the constant screaming every day. My dad for years basically turned my against my mom and i believed him. Then around the time of senior year, I started to realize how rude my dad is to my mom calling her all sorts of disgusting vile names. I suffered immense trauma from this ordeal as my sister was at Uni unaware of the constant shitshow that was occurring and as a result, i have chronic dpdr which I'd rather not delve into as the thought of it makes my life 10 times worse. My sister began to notice this too once she returned and then i told her who it could be which then resulted in my sister sending that person a message they deserved for sure. My dad then calls my mom and sister to a room and acts like this woman is someone he works with which is 100 bullshit like it's a fact he's cheating and begins to shit on my sister calling her bitch and like with my mom vile words. I hear this from the outside because my mom believed if i was in the room and i found out he'd run off without signing divorce papers. So basically I've had to deal with all this fucking shit and act like i don't know as he doesn't' talk to either his own fucking daughter or my mom and now we are in this lockdown and u can only imagine what's happening. He's on the phone all the time with that bitch who is actually beyond vile and my mom is in the room opposite listening to this and it's killing her more and more. Funny how my dad who used to be a role model has become like this once he began to make money forget about the women who helped his entire life and became this man. So my question to u is once the lockdown is over i don't ever wanna see him again in my life and i will change my surname to have no association with him but would you do the same? I feel like the only reason he acts so loving to me is that I don't know about what's he's doing. For me he ruined my mom's life if he was just honest at the beginning with my mom those 7 years of pain and mental problems that have arisen as a result would have never been there but no he chose to put my mom through hell and make me lose my mind and ruin years of time with my mom. Just to clarify my sister and mom both think my dad has some sort of disorder and it's really creepy one day he acts super nice and then goes crazy it's fucking weird lmao. My question to you is what would u do in this situation once lockdown is over. Would u ever talk to him again? I think i could never as money is the last thing i give a shit about and what he's done is pure disgusting. I'd really appreciate your advice guys would u still keep in touch or no as he's pretty much destroyed my mom. She's in constant depression everyday and will be for the rest of her life the kids can only do so much.