For context I’ve been writing on a specific fan fiction website that’s fairly small and low key since 2015 but I’ve absolutely adored the community because it feels more personal and active as opposed my experience on Wattpad and AO3 (not that there is anything wrong with either I just need the validation of lots of comments). I get lots of viewer feedback and as one of the most popular stories on the website (humble brag, it’s a really small niche sight so this isn’t an amazing feat), I get a ton of fan art. Here’s where the problem begins. I wrote an OC into one of my stories to be a classic “villain”. This is a fairly magical superhero/villain story for context and my readers absolutely adored him. One particular reader draws him constantly. I wrote him to have reddish brown hair, light pink eyes (he’s a magician), freckles and a dimple. She took her own artistic liberties to draw him with rainbow eyes- which I told her were beautiful and kinda moved along with it. So here’s the issue- she calls herself his cocreator because she draws him so much. This just feels weird to me since she had no part in creating him. I wrote him, his personality and his appearance are entirely my own work. She says it’s because she draws him so frequently but plenty of other people draw him just as much as her. We message a lot and today she asked me how to draw how his powers/magic would look like if she were to draw it. I described it as his pink eyes glowing, etc etc and she said “well in my canon he has rainbow eyes so I’m not going to do that lol”. I informed her as nicely as I could that in the actual story that’s his appearance and I will write him that way no matter how she feels he should look. It’s like she feels entitled to owning him, especially appearance wise. She also posted a video speed painting him and talking over the video she talked about how she co owned him and I just don’t know how to nicely say that there is absolutely nothing about this character that she owns. She owns her art. She owns the artistic liberty to draw him with a fur suit on if she so pleases but she doesn’t own him and she doesn’t own his canon! Ugh, anyone have similar experiences? How did you deal with this?