Peaches, a client whos been wanting to talk to her boss about a file on her taxes. She went over to his house for a meeting, since they were planning on seeing eachother on her file. She opens the door, and is greeted to her boss. Peaches sits down and asks for water when they sit down. Her boss wanted to first talk to her about how to organize her files correctly. After that, a few minutes later passed by and peaches asked where his bathroom was. He said down the hall to the left. She went to go to the bathroom and freshened up. After when she got out, she went a little snoopy and checked out his bedroom. Peaches looked around and then her boss said "What are you doing?"  Peaches gasped and nervously said "Oh nothing, heh, I just got um... Well..." Her boss smerked and closed the door. Peaches looking confused and asked him, "Why did you close your door?" Peaches boss walked slowly toward her, and said, "Peaches baby, I've been eyeing you ever since you worked for me." Peaches all blushed out, said, "You know, ive been wanting to fuck you, your muscles, nice ass, abs, you have everything." Her boss lifted up her face gently and leaned in. He whispered in her ear, "Do you still want that water?" Peaches whispered back," No, not really."  They both looked at eachother and started kissing, the boss lifting her up, and kissing her neck so passionately. She begins to moan a little and is tossed on her mattress. The boss begins to take off his shirt and unzips his jeans. She takes off her shirt and helps her unbutton her bra and skirt. The boss, onto of peaches, he starts to kiss her lips, and goes down to her boobs. Her open her mouth and licks her nipples, going around in circles and starts sucking on it. Peaches begins to moan and starts touching her pussy. Peaches licks her hands and starts fingering herself. She grabs on to her boss and then after when he sucked them, they switch positions. Peaches grabs her bosses dick and starts to put her mouth on it. She's sucks it and then says, "You like that?" Her boss said, "Oh yeah, baby keep on sucking it." She sucks harder, going up and down, with her saliva dripping onto his penis. She looks up at his and starts kissing him. He grabs her and puts her down below him. He inserts his dick into Peaches pussy and she starts moaning loud, saying, "Yes, yes please Daddy!" Her boss thrusts and humps her faster and faster. Peaches pussy all ripped from his bbc. She moans louder and louder. He moans, and says, "oooh yeah." Peaches feels his cum burst into her and says,"Let me suck on your dick daddy." A spray of semen when peaches uses her hand and goes up and down onto his penis. She opens her mouth and sucks his cum and moving her head up and down for more. He places his hand on her head and pushed it up and down to choke her. Then after she lays down and his starts kissing her, swashing both saliva and his semen. He crawls down below by her pussy and open his mouth with his tongue. He uses both hands and spreads out peaches legs to get inside her pussy. Her boss licks around the lips and slurps her juice. He uses his tongue to go deep in her pussy hole and then a spray of her cum finally sprayed. He slurps it up and uses his three fingers, inserting into her pussy and more came out. Peaches moaning in the background and her boss is enjoying every last drop of her cum juice. He then lifts her up and she is bending down in position. He thrusts again but very hard this time, and then her pussy begins to turn red. He stops and peaches moaning crying. They both start kissing again and peaches said, "Lets do this again sometime." Her boss said, "Call me when your free." They get dressed and peaches with him stains on her shirt starts walking out to her car. Her boss gets in his room and found her thongs on his dresser, realizing that she is going to another meeting with her skirt without any panties. The End