Now in this dream, it had my best friends in it and I'll call the J, K, and T. It started in I think a pon with two large pipes at the opposite ends of it. I and my friends were hanging out and goofing around in the pond until. We heard something from one of the two pipes, it was the one on the right of the pond. We got a bit scared and we wanted to maybe go see what it may be, we then played rock paper scissors to see who looses to check it out. J lost, so she then had to go to the pipe. She stuck her head into it and then, her head ripped off and got sucked into the pipe and flew out the pipe on the left and hit T and she clearly screams with K and me but then K and T just freeze. But I'm still freaking out and crying cause J was my longest best friend and I am just terrified, but then K just started to smile and laugh, I then, of course, screamed, "WHY THE f\*\*\* ARE YOU F\*\*\*\*\*\* LAUGH?! OH GOD, I FEEL LIKE I'M GONNA FUCKING FAINT WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!"... Then T just walked to the pipe and put her head in I scream no but of course, her head rips off too, it flew out the other pipe hitting me and then K, this legit scared me in a way because what she said... "Join... Us... We're sinners just like you, join your friends, SAY SORRY TO GOD." I then screamed, "WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU MEAN?!" and then, of course, K she also put her head in the pipe with it ripping out and hitting me. I scream running and when I looked back I see T, J, and K's heads floating, blood dripping and eyes glow blood red. They scream chasing me, but everything turned black disappearing, and then slowly morphing into a room with a roof and walls of human blood and meat with eyes on them and floor completely black. the eyes are rapidly moving but stop looking at me and then I heard only laughter of disgust and judgement, I felt only fear and despair. I cried and woke up crying from the dream. That was the most terrifying and vivid dream I had cause I could also feel everything. And if any of you are reading this thank you!  I love ya all.