So we start after All In. Kenny Omega and Hangman Page defended in a 3 Way Ladder match against FTR and Lucha Bros (note: I’m not going to take into account the people stuck in other countries due to COVID). During the course of this match, a number of miscommunications caused Kenny and Hangman to hit each other with moves, ie Hangman goes for a Buckshot but Fenix dodges and he hits Kenny, Penta goes for a German on Hangman, Kenny goes for the crusher, but accidentally hits Hangman (I didn’t explain that spot well but it looks cool in my head). The match ends with Kenny accidentally hitting a V-Trigger on Page who’s one the outside. He follows it up with a V-Trigger on another participant, for example Dax, climbs the ladder and retains. Kenny tried to hand Page his belt, Hangman rips it from his hands and storms off. The next episode of Dynamite, Stu Grayson and Evil Uno, who won the #1 Contendership on the Buy In, challenge in the main event. Page takes a beating, gets Omega with the hot tag. Omega goes on a good run, but is eventually worn down because Page is essentially knocked out on the outside. They hit the Fatality, but Page recovers and runs in, goes to break up the tag, then reconsiders, and just stands on the outside watching Omega eat the pin. The next week, Kenny confronts Page, but he says he was too gassed, too tired, he was disoriented from the beating. Kenny, begrudgingly, accepts the apology. In the main event, Cody issues his open challenge. Out comes a nobody, some jobber in a mask. But when the match starts his style looks familiar, and then things become eerie. Cody has him in position for the Cross Rhodes, but the wrestler grabs his free hand and snaps a finger. He goes for a superkick, then pulls it at the last second, and kicks Cody in the knee. Then, to top it off, he does a spin and locks in the crossface chicken wing. Cody manages to get to the rope, but when he gets up, the wrestler hits him with a Cross Rhodes. He goes for a pin, but pulls him up at two. He goes to the outside, waits for Cody to stand up, and hits a Buckshot Lariat, and pins him to become the TNT Champion. When he’s handed the belt, he takes off his mask, puts his boot on Cody’s chest, and does the classic Bullet Club finger guns. Kenny’s music hits, and he runs out to confront Hangman. Hangman puts his hand up, starts to explain, then low blows him, then, hits a One Winged Angel on Kenny on the outside.