I'm hoping somebody here can give me some advice and answer some questions I got. The neighborhood I live in has went slowly but steadily down the toilet the last few years, for many many reasons. One of my neighbors is a drunkard, and sits on his porch drinking cheap wine allday everyday. Another neighbor I'm fairly certain is selling drugs, he has cars going in and out all hours of the night, and the breeze coming from his house smells of pot. Another one has loud and raunchy party's every weekend, music blaring til the break of dawn. All of them moved in the last few years, mind you. Coincently around the time I payed off the mortgage. The one's that moved in last year directly across the road from me though, it's a man and a woman that don't work as far I can tell, and they got I don't know how many kids that stays there. All them kids like to play basketball out there in the middle of the road, they just pull that goal right out there and play all hours of the day and night. Two in the morning you can hear that ball bouncing up and down. But the worst part about it is they'll stand their holding up and impeding traffic, and wont move to let cars by to have the right of way. I've got tire tracks going through my lawn where people finally got fed up and and drove up on my property to get by. You can ask nice, blow on the horn, nothing works and they'll just keep right on playing and laughing about the whole matter, taunting the person sitting there in the car waiting on them. The wife's flowerbed got squashed and died on account of that ball rolling on top of them everyday. Is there any laws about impeding traffic in such a manner, or better yet is it even legal to play hoops in the street like that? Kids these days dont have a lick of damn common courtesy, I swear. What would you do if you was me? There parents is a sorry bunch and wont displine there kids, I've done complained to them about it. I'm about out of ideas. And all these problems combined makes me want to sell the home the wife and I have lived in the last 20 years for greener pastures.