I have been struggling with an unidentified sleep disorder for years, and it has been causing cognitive impairments that make it difficult to function. This has already been extremely frustrating, to a degree I cannot even begin to describe. The one thing I had though, was some sort of comfort, even if it is in the very back of my mind. Even the worst panic attacks, the deepest depression, the most bitter despair, have a way out. That all changed when I decided to not sleep at all. I began to feel nervous when I did this. It felt like I was starting to lose track of time. This started as a feeling of deja vu followed by intense butterflies and panic. This was just the beginning. I started "dreaming", but instead of seeing, hearing or feeling something frightening, there was nothing. I mean nothing. It wasn't darkness, it was like the color clear. A timeless abyss of pure suffering. Time stopped, even my heart felt like it stopped. Everything I saw meant nothing to me. I was completely oblivious to comfort. The only thing my mind could even process was completely abject panic. It was the most overwhelming fear I have ever experienced in my entire life. Anything good I thought of would just turn bad in a split second. I even thought of puppies to try to calm down, but the idea of living things just made me think of life repeating for eternity with no escape. Once I thought of this, I experienced it. I was truly convinced that I was dying and being reborn every day. Every second of the worst life anyone can experience raced through my head faster than anything ever has. Over and over again. My parents, my dog, my house, my favorite TV show, meant nothing good to me and only filled me with the same fear. I had no memory of anything good in my life, only the bad, lived through a hallucinatory level of clarity, than nothing. These "nothing" moments happened every once in a while, but the same fear persisted for days, interfering further with my sleep, prolonging the agony for several days. When these moments of nothing came, I felt like screaming at the top of my lungs, but had no energy to do so. The fear was absolute. It was like drowning in the middle of nowhere in cold water. Being decapitated, and somehow living through the pain. I would not wish it on the most evil person who ever lived.