This might be long, so feel free to scroll. I just need to talk about this with someone, anyone. It started almost 3 years ago. My best friend and I became more than friends and he moved across the country for me. We started having problems, he had a past that messed him up and didnt want to acknowledge it. We came back to his hometown thinking a change of scenery would help. At my work, there was a man much older than me but seemingly wonderful to be around. He helped me move, and we hung out, had a game night together, hung out by the water together. Started catching feelings and was finally convinced to leave my miserable 2 year relationship that was honestly bad from the start (me and that ex are now friends again, no hard feelings. He realized he needed help and got it finally). At the time he was of course hurt and very upset and moved out of our shared apartment, so i thought ok, well this very good friend who helped me needs a place to stay too so he can help me out with rent and bills. He moved in, i thought it was gonna be a him on the couch situation but it was more of a  he forgot to bring pants so we slept in the same bed together with him in his underwear situation?? I was honestly prepared to not act on anything with him but he was thinking otherwise, and i got kinda pressured into feeling the same and just going with it. I felt guilty about it, i had just ended a 2 year relationship. I think he felt like it was old news. Fast forward to mid February. I had already seen some red flags living with this man but looked past thinking i was happy and all was okay. Then the place we worked was suddenly closed and our quarantine began early, as we had been reading the news. Thats when the real problems happened. He reverted to gaming all day and not taking care of anything, we would be in the same room for hours not talking to each other. About 3 months of this and i had started to resent him. People have said "he might be depressed" well even so, this began right when we started staying at home, with all the attempts to spend time with each other, he did everything the same. I tried to pull him out of whatever he was (and honestly still is) in. I got to the point where i was done with the relationship quickly after that started, we had become strangers and it honestly wasnt something i wanted to save. I just put off ending it because i was paranoid something would go horribly wrong. I finally did, he took it really well, but i still just don't like being around him. Every conversation becomes a lecture. We work together again which sucks but is bearable. Anyway, the good part. There's someone i have known for years, who I've had feelings for since i met him without pause. I've talked to him all this time. He's sweet and considerate, and we are very similar but with a lot of differences also. When my relationship ended he trapped me into telling him how i feel🙄and he ended up feeling the same way. We finally got to spend time together yesterday and it ended up being the whole day. It was the first time i have ever experienced passion of any kind. We went to a few different parks/landmarks, walked around, and finally got a hotel room to rest from the hectic day. Anyway needless to say things happened, marks were left. Ex who I still live with as roommates until i move seems quite distraught by it, even went so far as to leave work early. I'm not sure what the issue is as we both agreed our relationship was past due. I know its kind of sad to end our relationship but he showed no care for months. I would feel bad if it was just me running off to whoever beckoned and the relationship had ended worse, but the situation is much different. Idk, i might be in the wrong but after the dumb relationships I've been in I'm trying to follow my heart and enjoy my youth. Please like, comment and subscribe. Jk, I'm awkward. To anyone that read this far, props. And thank you.