I was a naive freshmen. It was at this time that guys started to notice me. I had never experienced a relationship I only had crushes. Finally the guy I had a crush on all of 8th grade admitted to me that he had feelings for me. I was so excited, and head over heels for a guy that I thought was this good catholic boy. Well, he was always polite and such when we were around people and we were only friends but suddenly when he declared that he wanted to be more he began to change. I started with the compliments, "you're hot as fuck" and " Such a snack".  Then I began to see this whole other sexual side. I'm a dancer so I wear booty shorts and sports bras, a lot. I would always send him pictures in the mirrors at dance. Again I was really naive, I wasn't fishing for compliments. It started with the, I need you to help me with something, I'm smart so I assumed it meant homework but it was actually that he needed help getting hard. Then he was like never-mind you're a good girl you would never. Then I sent him this funny video of me dancing in the hot tub and that's when it went wrong. He told me if I could send him stuff like that, then I should send him booty pics. I was reluctant, I had never done it before, and frankly I just didn't want to. When I was like, I don't want to, he told me that he wouldn't be my boyfriend, and it's not a nude because I would still be in a thong etc. So finally I did it! I sent it and I just lay in bed wishing I had never done it. He replied, it was an in depth description about what he wanted to do to me. I felt gross and uncomfortable especially after he told me how to angle it better. He wasn't just satisfied with that, because he wanted me to take the underwear and off and bend over and take a photo. I didn't I refused. Anyways he kept telling me if I didn't send them I wouldn't be his gf and stuff like that. The descriptions of what he wanted to do with me got weirder and I would ignore at one point I told him I felt uncomfortable and didn't really want that and well he didn't stop. I THOUGHT THIS WAS SO NORMAL AND THAT EVERY RELATIONSHIP WAS LIKE THIS. I had heard of other girls stories about guys that had done shitty things to them but I always thought that it would never happen to me. On Valentine's day,  I was so uncomfortable I told him I wanted to be friends and then blocked him on every social media. I cut him off. As a Junior, it's hard for me to tell people about what he did to me without crying. I have also experienced some really great relationships since then which has helped me overcome the fear of being in another one like this one. Anyways I thought I would share because valentines day is coming up :)