Ok, I’m going to voice an old opinion since this game started. It’s not the layed back Game you thought it was going to be.  Oh no this is pay to win at it’s fiercest! Not only are you bum barded with advertisements for packages that cost 100 f****ing dollars, But if you are not part of a very prosperous guild who pays thousands of dollars for the sh*t they have , you’re going to get wasted by the big dogs who spent way too much money on this game to pound you into to Smut.  I have spent literally months & months unable to use my hero to do a goddamn thing because someone has attacked me and banish the my hero !  I do not have hundreds or thousands or hundreds of thousands of dollars to spend on this GD game!  I would delete the app if I hadn’t already spent more than $100 like an idiot on it over the past several years! But I have to say although I haven’t logged in probably in six months I was very happy to find that my hero was actually alive and still living in my city and have not been banished so apparently the two guilds that have surrounded me completely aren’t complete bastards! Which is actually surprising given my experience with this game in the first two or three years that I’ve been playing it.  Nevertheless what the f**k is dark Moogle credits?  I don’t even have the money to purchase the moogle market let alone purchase a dark moogle market, & what the hell do I need that shit for anyway?? Why won’t the game offer us the minor monsters that offer you the actual components you need for basic f***ing  armor ? no you’re offering shit for people who don’t have the money to buy the f***ing market they need to pay for the f***ing troops they can’t even Armor because you won’t offer the monsters that will give you the basic components for the shit you need to protect yourself??!!!!  Like seriously almost every time I log into this game it pisses me the hell off!! Like where is the incentive for new players or for casual players to be able to advance AT ALL  if you won’t even allow them to fight the monsters that will give them the drops that will let them build the Basic Armor that will let them actually survive against the bullies that surround them?? It just makes no sense and I totally realize that this is a somewhat rant but I do not understand.  I do not know what it is that I have to do to be able to find monsters that will drop the shit I need to upgrade the basic armor that I need to protect myself without paying $100 or $200 or $300 fucking dollars for this game in order to survive? Someone please advise or seriously despite the money I have wasted on this game I am deleting the damn app and I will never play again and I will thoroughly encourage anyone and everyone to avoid this money pit like the plague!