What we need, is an avatar fighting game. Same art style as guilty gear, dbfz, and granblu fantasy vs. I know the whole world has been in on the bandwagon lately for atla, and that's fine, I'm glad so many people get to watch that show for the first time. But man, I've been rewatching it since it came onto Netflix, and wow, I realized how amazing an atla fighting game really would be. I have a lot of issues with how arksys handled dbfz, what with the 400 Gokus and unbeatable super dash, but I can't think of a better developer that would do justice to the series as a game. I know that there are plenty of people out there who want some sort of open world rpg where you play as your own avatar, and I think that would be sick. But a fighting game..especially an arksys fighting game, where its gorgeous effects and style compliment the different fighting styles and bending of avatar so beautifully...that's the dream. Shaolin kung fu for firebenders, tai chi for water benders..everything is right there. Aang would be a more evasive style, he almost never gets up close and personal, and being an airbender, evasion is what he was taught to use. Zuko, I suppose, could be split into two, one being a fast aggresive rushdown of his earlier episodes, back when he was a baldy downer. And the long haired matured Zuko, after learning to use the old dragon style, would be a more technical medium paced character..the possibilities are endless. I suppose sokka could be a joke character, hes great in the show but ultimately he doesn't do much until he gets the meteor blade, and even then really. Just thinking of the roster gets me so damn excited. Toph, any earthbender really, would be so fun to learn and just see what crazy stuff you could come up with. I think the most interesting part would be seeing what characters other than the main 10 or so characters in the show would be in, and how they would fight differently, given that most of the benders use the same base fighting styles, with a few exceptions like toph and Zuko. There would definitely have to be some kind of projectile collision system, steam flying when water hits fire, rocks being blown apart by an air gust..which leads to my biggest concern for the idea. Arksys doesn't have a history of it, but I wouldn't want the game to become injustice 2. Basically, standing on opposite sides of the screen, shooting fireballs. Because of the nature of avatar, every bendable element just devolves into shooting projectiles. Water is really the only exception, it's a lot of waves and whipping, but still. That type of game is fun for some people, but just not for me. There would have to be some reward for rushing in and playin the game, rather than sitting back and hurling rocks. Anyway, just had this idea floating around, wanted to at least put it out there, see if anybody thinks the same thing. I literally made a reddit account to post this. I would be interested to hear other ideas from a fellow enthusiast of atla, or hell even just fighting games. Stay safe, it's crazy as hell out there right now.