My grandmother and grandfather moved out of their home about a year ago to move closer to my grandmother’s older sister and the house has sat on the market ever since. My fiancée and I are currently looking to get out of our apartment and I am sick of throwing the $650 a month I pay in rent down the drain. The house is not in the best neighborhood but I don’t think it is dangerous I live in an area with a large drug problem currently and the house is in a place that isn’t much worse off. I work as a nurse and income is currently not a huge problem for me and my fiancé is in nursing school. The house would need some work mainly a new HVAC system and new carpet plus some dry wall work in the kitchen. I can do the flooring and dry wall myself but would have to find the money for the new HVAC system and raw materials. My grandparents are willing to do rent to own with no money down paying $350 a month with a total price of about $25,000 The house has a brand new stove and refrigerator and the dishwasher still works fine it might need a new washer and dryer soon. The only other downside I can see is that it would make my commute to work and my fiancé’s commute to school about an hour instead of the current 15 minutes but my fiancé only has a year left in school and I could foreseeably get a job at one of the hospitals in the new town. It would also put me in a much better place to take care of my grandparents in their old age. I do not plan to stay in this state long term but I feel like I could add enough value to this house to make it worth it and when it comes time to move be able to have some money down for a new home by selling this house. Also it would drop my housing cost by half and I wouldn’t have to go into debt to get this home. I would be able to make improvements to the house as I see fit and would have everything in writing so if God forbid anything happened to my grandparents I wouldn’t have to worry about my home being taken by the estate. Is this a sound financial decision?