I’m not sure if I’m in right sub but let me give you a some background. I was interested in drawing when I was little and just wanted to focus on that. My parents wanted me to go in the medical field but I just wanted to draw. So, I didn’t really do clubs or joint programs that related to math or science. In high school, I tool my regular classes and had my major as art and I wasn’t exposed to other majors. Or more like I wasn’t interested in them or didn’t make an effort. I was gonna go to an art college but it didn’t work out so I went to a community college. Again, my parents wanted me to be medical major but I wasn’t into that bc I felt I wasn’t that good in pressure situation. Even in community college I was focus on art courses and took the basic college courses to transfer. But as years went by I soon begin to wake up and lose my motivation to art. I was waking up that I can’t do much in art and what kind of specific art major I wanted to do. I was just wasting time at college with no plan. I just getting I guess anxiety ( idk if it was bc I never went to doctor or therapist, but I would numb, chest hurt, couldn’t breathe, and felt like I wasn’t in my body) and felt like a complete waste. I would feel more bad bc my parents were immigrants who came into USA for a better life for their children and they never had the chance to go to college or have a career. My mom is a stay at home mom and my dad wanted to be a engineer but he took one year off after he came to USA to find work and all he done is work work work. ( he’s been picking fruits , a trucker and now a custodian) and I feel honestly disappointment in myself that I wasted my years and I should have listen to them. In my third year of college I was taking art course and different courses( such as health and nutrition) to get me to find a different major. Second semester of my third year community college I took art classes and one child development. I actually enjoyed the child development and that made me wonder if I just ducked up my life and could have child development as my major. But the thing is I never interacted with children as in tutoring or babysitting them. I took child psychology and my one art class and talked to a counselor. They said I should start transferring bc I been here for 4 years. I changed my major to art teacher Or elementary art teacher and I’m expected to transfer fall 2020. My fourth year of community college spring semester ( like rn) I took one art class and child field work education in classroom ( to see how working in a classroom would be) courses. I suppose to transfer to Long Beach and just need to summit my approval before May 1st. But again I actually know if I want to do this. I have no experience in teaching or wanting to teach and don’t have much motivation in art and I just feel like I fail in my life and disappointment in my parents. And we had to cancel the field work bc of Covid 19, so i didn’t chance to get experience seeing how teacher are in a classroom. My mom think I would do great for teacher bc few months I would babysit kids from church but I would sit down and they would be on their phones and that it. And she said bc I had a interest in psychology and health is like helping ppl so I would help these kids.  To top it off I have no jobs experience at all (besides going to help my dad with his custodian job cause he’s old) bc my parents wanted me to stay away from jobs in my high school and college to focus on a career that will help me. And I honestly don’t know what to do with my life. I’m not good at anything and I just hate myself bc unlike my parents I had opportunities for my career and I am 21 yrs old and still haven’t figured out. I see some of my cousins going into law and business and even my cousins from Mexico becoming doctors and surgeons. At this point I’m not sure just to picked a good career and just go through it even if I’m not suitable. I don’t know what I’m asking now, I guess if anyone have gone through this or advice or ideas. I’m just tired thinking like this everyday and it painfully drains me to the point i can’t function.