I seen an ad on Facebook talking about Fenn's treasure and was quickly intrigued. I clicked the link, which directed me to the poem and after reading it a few times i had nothing. I jumped on Google with a quick search and found Fenn had released a book titled "The Thrill of the Chase". Its 12/15/2019 and with Christmas approaching i told my girlfriend about the book and to my surprise on Christmas day 2019 i had my copy and was ready to start. At the time we didn't know it, but she had handed me the key to our salvation. Not knowing anything of the chase i followed Fenn's words to a T. I read the book in a normal manner then studied the poem until it was memorized. It consumed me. I repeated the poem over and over in my head every single day trying to find of anything that stuck out  Now being a father of 5 i have to work a lot and only have a couple hours a day of "free time" ( mostly spent with my kids) so i was only able to actually sit down and think for about an hour each night after work. 29 days after i had the book i was finished. It was 01/24/2020 i only read the book from cover to cover once. I solved the entire thing from the comfort of my home never having made one BOTG trip. I cant afford a trip like that unless it was to retrieve the cheat so i had to make sure it was correct. I now know i have the CORRECT solve. People will read this and say everyone thinks that they have the correct solve but no one will know until the chest is found or say do you have the chest? Well no because its currently winter in the Rockies and even though i know the location, a small bit of snow could easily hide any trace of a treasure. So not only do i have the one and only CORRECT solve, it had only taken me 29 days to solve the poem. Which i will admit, kind of pissed me off. I was in it for the thrill of the chase. Something to do as a hobby. I never expected to solve the poem and my journey didnt last a month. So when i retrieve the chest this August, if someone hadn't already beat me to it, i will share the pictures and give 3 people 1 item each from the chest. If you would like a chance at an item send me a pm. After the legal issues are handled if any arise, ill draw at random 3 names and those 3 winners will receive a piece of the Fenn Treasure. P.S. I am a "Redneck" with 5 children from South Ms. If anyone knows Fenn personally or knows someone that does please direct him to this post as i have emailed Fenn multiple times with no response and i will only share THE solve with him.