So let's talk, first off, this is my first post ever on this subreddit, so that's now out of the way, Springbonnie, and of course ol' Willy A., drive me nuts, why? Cause I can't wrap my head around him, cause one moment he's an child entertainment robot that doubles as a child serial killers disguise, then next he's a robot-bunny-human corpse fusion, that should have no flesh, organs or bones once so ever after being stuck in a saferoom for over 30 years, yet still does, so ol' Willy A. may still be alive *somehow* and still has a lust for blood, then the next moment is up in flames yet survives and comes back in pizzeria similar missing an arm and having a bigger skull and bones- wait what, William didn't have bones (except for his skull) though when he was in Springtrap, just blood, flesh, and organs, so how did he get those back? and why is his skull bigger, and why does he have ears?! (yes I know Scott isn't good at modelling humans and skeletons, but still, ear bones, really Scott? I'm not sure if this is just for the purpose of having a cartoony appearance or what, but still, ears, seriously.) Like I mean, maybe this isn't his skull, maybe his flesh is now just bone white and is still covering his skin, but still though, he didn't have ears in his previous model, so what if he's the Stitchwraith and was using parts of mannequins and such? *looks at wiki,* or not, well then... I mean still, I guess not being the Stitchwraith doesn't mean he couldn't have used mannequin parts... Ok to be honest I can see him using parts from an old suit, but why make a fake skeleton if you already have an endoskeleton supporting you? But now let's get to that fire, William, how do you burn in the fire, if you "always come back"? Like you get burned, go to hell, get tortured by Cassidy, who for some reason unbeknownst to me, is the one out of all the children you murdered, is the one you should not have friggin killed, and then somehow get out, *unless Old Man Consequences let him out by telling Cassidy to stop torturing him... now that's an interesting idea*... and go on to become a virus in a VR game that can body swap with people, or in Vanny's case become a voice in their head, but somehow despite being a virus who is talking to Vanny you also somehow return in Special Delivery, huh, maybe you did survive the fire, but if so, then WHY THE HELL ARE YOU STUCK IN A GAME AS A VIRUS AT THE SAME TIME?! Ughhhh, do you see what I mean? Not only is his design changes from 3 to Pizzeria Simulator confusing, but so is his apparent ability to turn himself into a virus yet also still be out and about the world physically. Also how come he's now back to being Springtrap in Special Delivery, now don't say it's a replica, cause the game seems to make it pretty clear this is THE Springtrap, with first of him being able to talk, and sound exactly like he did in UCN and Pizzeria Simulator, yet also an email suggesting theirs some vintage Bonnie model that got mixed up with the regular model and that has a foul smell coming from him that only some of the veteran patrons of the delivery service, maybe even the whole franchise, have been seeing, so again, this guy is one of the reasons I stay up at night theorizing in my head, and it doesn't help either that in the books we see almost a completely different design for Springtrap and William gets Springlocked in an almost completely different way with instead of being chased into the suit he comes up from behind on Charlie only for her to trigger the springlocks on the head leading to a chain reaction within the rest of the suit, so again, makes thing confusing. (Now yes I know the books should be looked at as a vantage point, but if were being completely honest their are similarities between the games and main book trilogies timelines, so still, kinda confusing, it also doesn't help that, "The Silver Eyes" was originally going to be called, "The Untold Story," which just makes more gears in my head go in wondering what the original point of the books were going to be and what story they really told.)