Hey FNaF fans, so I was watching alot of theories on Shadow Bonnie and other stuff as the infinity of Shadow Freddy (which is most likely to be CC)... But I think I know the identity of Shadow Bonnie. I belive that Shadow Bonnie is Mrs. Afton... Let's start with the theory. Now why do I think Mrs. Afton is the Shadow Bonnie... And what happened to her to become Shadow Bonnie, well what happened to her is that William killed her (Yes laddies and gentilmen... Shadow Bonnie was William's first victim)... and now where is her body... Well remember the grave in Midnight Motorist minigame, I belive that it's her grave, where William burried her after wanting to have a devorce (probably couse he was getting drunk alot at the JR's)... And couse we know that William is crazy he killed her, hide her body far from home so nobody finds it (he could have hide it in the backyard of the house as we know that police is doing a shitty job)... But he was mostly trying to hide it from his children, prosumable CC who was going there every time he got the chance couse he knows she  wouldn't just disappear... But this even goes further... I belive that the one who is talking to CC when he was in the hospital was her, couse she is saying "I'am still here"... And we know that the one who is talking isn't William (code the text in MM minigame and in "I will put you back together" are different shade of yellow but in the other minigames in FNaF 4 all of them are the same colour (I don't know if it's the same code for both of them, just to clerefy)) and it isn't Cassidy (couse MCI still didn't happen) and same goes to for Charlie... And the line... Bad why would Shadow Bonnie be in Ultimate Custom Night but Shadow Freddy wouldn't... Couse we know that they are always working together (I will probably explain in my next theory who is going to be kind of a mini-theory)... And I forgot to mention about those foot prints in MM minigame... Well those are also Shadow Bonnie's footprints, SB was there to show CC that his father was bad... She is showing him that he is murduring Charlie... That he killed CC's mother and that he is acting like everything is fine... And why is Shadow Bonnie attacking the player in FNaF AR... Well SB is trying to protect remnent with dark remnent as some sort of a protection system(I still don't have explenation for d. remnent). And know to finish with FNaF world (this I very short)... As we know the glowing eyes that show up at the start and at the end of FNaF World (Clock ending) have the same coloured text as IWPYBT minigame from FNaF 4 and this hidden character is saying that something has gone wrong... The thing that has gone wrong is that William has started on rempage and you... The player have to help this Character to save or protect the peaple (the children) from "real world". And why those  S Bonnie becoming more and more evil... And where did S Freddy go (I will cover it up probably in my next theory)... Well the answer to the question why is she becoming more and more evil is that she was the first victim and she didn't get the peace since she was killed. Thanks for reading and see you next time.