Holy hell everytime I fix one problem with FL Studios 20 another one pops up. I've had a better time with torrented copies of FL Studios. If I could return this, I probably would. Let's get into the new worst issue I've run into. SO, I'm on MacOS with a purchased copy of FL Studios 20. I have 3 VSTs(actually 5 but for the sake of this post we'll focus on the main 3 I need working) that are unusable because everytime I try to add them to the channel rack from the plugin database they show up as Sampler and are useless. Those are TDR Nova, Guitar Rig 5, and iZotope Vinyl. Now they are in the Effects folder instead of the Generator and I've done EVERYTHING to try to correct this. iCloud is disabled because FL Studios would not stop sending crap to my iCloud folder btw. Manually move the vst files from the Effects folder to the Generator folder? Check. Once moved and I refresh the plugin database, it moves those files right back into the Effects folder even if I delete the folders they were in. Everything gets recreated. Delete and remove the plugins in order to reinstall? Welp that's impossible because the moment I refresh the Plugin Database they come right back, folders, files and all. Go into the Plugin Manager to manage my plugins and manually switch the problem Vsts from Effect to Synth? Yeah nope, the moment I click "apply changes" it switches it right back to Effects. Disable the Effects folder from the Plugin Manager? Yeah right, FL Studios 20 prevents you from doing anything to that folder from within the Plugin Manager. Rescan previously verified plugin, Rescan plugins with errors, Verify plugins, yeah nope, checking and rescanning just keeps those Vsts in the effects folder. See I could live with not having access to these files and work with what I've got going so far but the problem is what happens when I want to download free or purchase other Vsts and this same thing happens over and over again. I don't want to keep running into this issue and rolling the dice with Vsts that may or may not work properly, so if anyone has a new solution to this problem I'm all ears because I've literally tried everything I can find and think of.