Now going 3 seasons in a row was a bit too much, I'll say that, but by making Barry become faster, it gives a nice sense of progression, and when there isn't a end goal for Barry other than "Stop the bad guy!", it makes every face off just a show off of some sort of tech, or encouragement from Iris. And for this to work, there needs to be consistency. One moment, Barry runs 99.999999% the speed of light (Flashtime on the nuke episode in season 4), the next he can't outrun a car. The last official benchmark for his speed was in season 6 when facing off against Ultraviolet where Gideon says that Barry is 80x slower than the speed of Ultraviolet light. This makes Barry be able to run at speeds of 8,370,000 mph. Now that's a lot, but we have seen him go faster than light more than I can count, and in the crossover in season 5, Barry and Supergirl go "Mach 7" around the world enough to slow down the rotation of Earth, but we can clearly see them go around the world about once per second, if not more. By using the speed that was confirmed in season 6, it would take him about 10 seconds to go around the Earth. This breaks so many things, and for us to get that consistency, we need to have a villain speedster that goes the same speed. If Barry goes 8 million mph, he could grab anyone out of their house and put them in the pipeline in less than a second. In season 4 he could of cleaned up all of the blood and the body when the police found him before they could even open the door, but if the enemy is a speedster, Barry can run to his house, and then get his ass kicked. It would be great to have another scene like in season 2. Seeing the Flash have his back broken with such ease put the show on another good level. Can Devoe run to S.T.A.R. Labs and break his back with his mind? It was a nice break, having 3 speedsters in a row made the same story happen over and over, but now the same thing is happening, its the same pep talks and the same sort of fighting. Having Godspeed will be a nice change, and potentially Red Death would make the show go in a better way due to such promising characters.