Hey y’all - to start off I’m high functioning autistic so socialization is a very different experience for me. There’s this girl at work who’s super gorgeous. TLDR I’m not familiar with flirting and I keep feeling as though I’m misreading this situation. My ex always told me I never knew when someone was flirting with me ironically enough. So this girl at work jokes all the time with everyone and has a s/o but lately things feel different. One day we were with everyone and they were about to leave, and she asks us to help her and tell her where to wipe her pants off cause she got stuff on the back of them. All the girls are like joking about her butt and leave, and it’s just us. She says if she had a dollar for every time someone complimented her butt...so of course I just blurt out the most awkward thing possible I told her one of the hardest parts of the job was not looking at her ass. I still regret it but I did, I told her I was joking and respect her. And I’m sure a few other awkward back outs as I walked away. She just said my name and laughed/blushed. That was it. Then the other day she’s like “you always smile when you talk to me” I’m like “I smile at everyone” and just laugh it off. Then a few minutes later she approaches me and asks If I’m done with what I was using so she could put it away. I was like yeah you can take that. She goes “you said I can hit that!!!??” all surprised and laughing. I’m pretty sure she was just joking around, but I was like no and repeated what I said and laughed then she repeats I can hit that!! again and laughs. I just laughed it off and she like passes me later on and grazes my back with this piece of paper she had in her hand. She always goofs around but idk. Later on, she comes up to me again and just says are you okay and I’m like yeah why do I look depressed and I laugh, she’s like “no you always smile when you talk to me!!” I can’t even contain myself at that point I just start laughing and sweating. She had me heated af during work tryna compose myself. I’m sure I’m overthinking but damn. It just doesn’t seem like normal joking to me at this point, what do y’all think? And how can I confidently respond at times where I kinda lose my common sense with cute girls?