Ok so I’m in the marine corps, and an hour away from me there is this college. I was randomly going through tinder and saw that this girl lived where I used to live and currently attends the college an hour away from me. I was intrigued so I proceeded to swipe right on her and noticed it was an instant match. All in all it turns out that we actually used to sit at lunch together back in high School (didn’t really notice it was her cause we didn’t talk all that much) but we end up talking and having some great conversations, even staying up and talking all throughout the night on a phone call that lasted 8 hours... there was never a single boring moment for either of us during this call and it all was just so surreal! So I naturally asked her if I could take her on a date and she said yes, she sounded somewhat excited about it too which was great! The date was planned for a Friday but we were both flexible just in case something popped up but neither of us were busy. Either way it didn’t happen because she ended up having to drive back home because her dog was dying and she wanted to go home and see her dog just in case something bad happened. I was totally cool with it all because I’m not a monster and her seeing her dog is way more important! But we never brought up the idea of another date, as time goes on she just seems to stay more distant and quiet... day by day, it gets worse, she wouldn’t text throughout the day because she said she was sleeping which I actually do believe and I’ll get to that here in a second... so over a 5 day period of time she sleeps roughly like 18 hours throughout the day and maybe wakes up in the middle of the night, which I’m in turn sleeping at that time. But I was curious and I’m not typically a jealous and anxious person about this type of thing but I wanted to check and see if she was just not interested or if she just wouldn’t respond so I kept track of her snapchat score to see if I was being lied to, well typically I wouldn’t be getting lied to but as the week goes on after those initial 5 days that she was telling the truth, I see that she hasn’t opened my snap or texted me back for a few hours when she was awake... so I’m not sure if she’s just busy and spending time with her dog/ family... and really only wants to just talk to her friends or something but I’m honestly very confused at this point. Cause now I’m getting to the point of me being annoyed cause I feel extremely ignored, but I do also take into account of her circumstances right now.. I just really don’t know what to think... did she lose interest? Is she busy? If anyone could kind of help me come to a conclusion about this that would be great cause I’m at a loss! Also if you want me to elaborate more about something I can cause I’m not the best at explaining! Thank you!