I have what I believe to be an interesting situation that I need some guidance in navigating. I am currently a PPL ASEL pilot who is less than 2 months away from starting full time accelerated training to become a CFI/II and MEI on the way to an airline career. My trouble is that, when I first applied for my first class medical, I passed with no problem even though I was sure my left eye wasn’t as good as 20/20. According to my AME it *WAS* for that year and I was issued a first class medical with no exceptions or limitation. Fast forward to the renewal next year and my first class exam did not go as smoothly as my left eye was barely even scratching 20/40, hovering around 20/45,50. I was given a form 8500-7 and told to visit an optometrist in order to have that form completed. I made an appointment that same day and the optometrist issued a glasses prescription and an 8500-7 stating my vision is corrected in both eyes to 20/20 while mentioning something about my left eye being amblyopic. I sent this 8500-7 and was issued my renewed first class medical with the “must wear corrective lenses” limitation. Fast forward to last years renewal and my vision was just as bad again with the glasses, with me reading the 20/40 line with my left eye. This time, anticipating I would need this form again I had already visited my optometrist that morning, completed an 8500-7 and gave it to my AME before we even started the exam. Because I had this form, I was renewed my first class medical no problem. My concern is this: I’m not sure if my vision truly is correctable to 20/20, and I feel as though the optometrist, while with the best intentions, is incorrectly stating my vision in order to help me get my medical. I’m concerned that when I go to a different optometrist and get a different result the FAA will assume I was lying intentionally. Secondly, I’m worried about my career prospects including, but not limited to my ability to hold a class 1 medical. I know I would need to get a SODA to hold a class 1 medical if it was determined my vision actually wasn’t good enough. How long does this process take, and how likely in your experience is it that an applicant with 20/40 in one eye, uncorrectable, but 20/10-15 in binocular vision and right eye, would be able to acquire a SODA to begin with. I really appreciate you taking the time to read this.