So, its no secret that alot of people shit on Bethesda about their latest games and i hope they do see this it could help them. I personally love their games. I hunted down systems and games on the internet just to play every fallout game ever a while back and i noticed how they develop their games. They had added so many survival feauters like modding (like in new vegas) all the way up to over time healing and building (fallout 4) now they have online compatibility but it seems so...mobile esk for a game about just surviving in the post apocalyptic world of the 2200s. It was always branded as a survival adventure game but despite their efforts they end up with haters because they cant appreciate the games they made. I have no issue with it but the criticism has a point. Due to its adventure theam its so boss rushy and level grindy. Now this is a bit crazy and this is the idea:look at a similar game that has a huge boom...minecraft. They seem light years away on the surface but way down they are damn similar. You have crafting and building tho Bethesda is much more complex and elaborate and that one of the main features that draws me in tho i am bad a recorce management so i never have enough materials anyways they both have recourse management once again fallout is more complex and its a plus they both like to add to the world fallout in new games due to it being a single disk or download each game in a series and mincraft as an indi game is one game with more updates but they both add to the world from new biomes and more complex mobs to bigger badder and different mutants of the wastes amd areas like swamps of bloodbugs and mialurks to deadzones of op scary monsters i run from like alpha deathclaws and and uncountable amount of those damn radscorpians. So common yet so darn powerful since new Vegas. They both happen to also be in serious need of an rpg aspect. They both are survival games and yes while they are action based that gets kinda boring. They both started out on this but bathesda hasnt really grown on the rpg aspect. Minecraft started with the trading and chests on donkeys then to caravans of lamas to the new and improsved vilages and trading system. They practically always had farming witch is one of the places fallout 4 started with rpg theams. Creating farms and being the mayor of a series of settlements having factions to join like the brotherhood minute men or institute and not to mention the railroad had alot of my friends and especially myself exited and the improved perks system seemed very dnd rpg esk. We where exited to see an online version and hoped that one day that online will have severs you could do things like be a trader of a caravan or set up cities be a raider or be a non human but humanoid species like gouls or supermutants. Expanding the roleplay area gets geeks exited we all hope for it but i dont think you thought of it too mich bathesda. I say keep working on new environments and enemies but slow them down and work on rpg i think thats the ingredient yall are missing right about now. They probably wont see this but theres always a chance they could and i honestly think making players able to have roles or worlds set up for this is awsome a or mich needed mabye they can have a game that just has half the servers for rpg and the other for your classic version like what gta5 did with highpixle