This game has recently gone uphill since the release of wastelanders but once again with todays delay, the team working on fo76 shown they do not care. They spend the better part of a month boosting this one event they have, an event that is a repeat from last year yet they still manage to ruin it. Honestly at this point, I wonder why they even decided to drop a roadmap. There is absolutely no point to knowing what is going to come out if they do not come out at the time they say it will. They did this with wastelanders for over a year and lost the vast majority of their player base because of their inability to respond to gamer feedback. Their desire to focus on creating microtransactions just ruins the game. It honestly makes me sad to see a game that has honestly so many fun aspects to it be utterly ruined because the team working on it does not have the ability to provide the work they so openly boast about. It takes them more than 10 days to fix a display case and it took them 3 months to draw a picture that showed what they were planning to do. It took them a week to fail to uphold their own expectations. As someone that has put a good amount of time into the game, it honestly sucks to see the game in the state that it is. NW is rampant with hackers, dupers still work unfazed, glitches are so normal that they have been incorporated into the game. This will probably get overlooked or probably wont even get posted but this is utter trash. We pay for a product, some pay every month for the little bit of event content they throw out and even then its glitched and other times it flat out doesn't exist. The developers do not care about the game, bethesda does not care about the game. This game is a lost cause because of their inability to live up to their own standards. We as a player base have extremely low expectations already from the trash bethesda has pulled in the last year but we are still utterly dissappointed. Feels bad man. Wallahi too they wont change cause todds a dirtbag who just wants money. 16x graphics 1600x glitch and disappointment.