finally the pieces of the puzzle are finally falling together... NO MORE 100$ A YEAR FOR YOU. i’m not here just to shit talk bethesda and the the overpaid subscription, but more so i’m here to just say i’m glad people aren’t supporting an obviously broken dang game man. i hate to shit talk fo76 but it’s all we CAN do. after player vending went down my game crashed 5 times in a day and had all of my fusion cores in my inv swept away 10 cores gone. shortly after that i lost a weapon from my inv randomly as well. like it just vanished. on top of that as i entered Mt.Thunder Power Plant to power it up to get MY FUCKING CORES BACK and completed it after 15 mins of doing it solo and being blind and not being able to see pipes. i go outside to power up the fusion core generator... BOOM it crashes again. so i did all that work for nothing sadly and it’s my six crash on that day and i damn near uninstalled. after losing a weapon as well i was like-HOW THE HELL DO PEOPLE PAY 12.99 A MONTH JUST FOR THIS TO HAPPEN. i love fallout man. i grew up on this stuff but sadly it doesn’t love me back anymore. it only loves the atoms i bought it. it’s become a gold digging experience, since the main focus is actually the atomic shop not the stability of the game. another buggy experience i had was, just earlier. i was in the ash heap hunting those rip off mole miner dudes off and i came across a god mode mongrel that couldn’t die and was attacking me. i mini nuked him for christ sake just for giggles and he didn’t die. along side coming across static. headless unkillable enemies. remember, when you put that money in their pocket you support the game being in the vegetative state it is. Todd “It just Works-with 42 different skyrim ports” Howard doesn’t love us like he used to :(. i’ve been getting fed and with the event being pushed back now i at least want 3xp for a week so i can have fun messing with new builds and stuff cuz why not. Remember Fallout, I loved you when Interplay was taking care of you, i loved you even more when Obsidian was taking care of you. i even loved you when Bethesda took care of you for FO3 and FO4... but it seems you just don’t love me anymore. you’re losing me now. you’re losing lots of us. don’t let us all walk out cause plenty of us are. peace, Todd Howard, and you’re dev team of Chimpanzees mashing on typewriters and submitting it as a big fix.