Now our /fo76 community is usually so friendly and helpful and we all just genuinely want to have fun. We may scuffle and quarrel but no malicious intent is ever really set forth, ya know? But the other night I was dropping an item for a friend, a high capacity backpack mod plan. That's 8 badges, that took me weeks to get. I was giving it to my best friend for bearing with me through my illness. I grinded hard for that, spending time I'm not even quite positive how much I have left of (I was recently diagnosed with stage 2 cancer). I drop it and a random guy is laying in wait and swoops in a grabs it. And yes, I know I could have done a p2p trade but I've never had anyone do this to this level. I pm him and he demands money, so of course I agree. I don't care about the caps or anything, it's the time I spent earning something for a friend. And time is incredibly valuable to me right now. And he demands more and more, never even trying to accept a trade or give it back. I send him a message with my plight, and about my illness and my current struggle and about how this was something incredibly meaningful to me and that I would pay him real world money if I could just to get this gift back, and he just ghosts me. I begged him. I'm a 30 year old man and I begged him. And nothing.... I felt so ignored. I know it sounds ridiculous but it's the first time since being told I had cancer that I let it get the better of me. It's the first time I realized I may not have much time left. I felt defeated. I'm a day one player and this game has got me through some terrible things in my life, but this one player made me realize that some people really do forget about humanity, and some people take games so seriously that they forget they can have real world effects on people. All I ask in posting this is: Please remember, there is a human being on the other side of that screen. Have your fun, but be kind to one another. Because one day, the person that you love may not be there to adventure around with. And what may be silly and insignificant to you, may mean a lot to someone else. I've still heard nothing from this player and am back at 0 Possum badges. Thank you for listening...