I was not sure where to post this. Please remove if not okay. I just needed to get this off my chest. I may be jaded but I still have hope in people. Although today was a hard day. My partner and I both work as essential works within the food and retail industries. No we are not on the front lines with the medical professionals. They are amazing and I am so thankful for them. We both sell items and foods to try to help our community with what they need. Our jobs are one of the few that are open. For the most part people have been positive and thankful when they walk in our works. Following our local ordinance of wearing face masks and maintaining social distancing just as we are doing our best so are they. However, we still get the few that seem to want to ignore what our local laws have placed into effect for the protection of everyone and get pissed at us for not having specific products. For me, I work in a bakery. Doing curbside service and no contact home delivery. We are open about 4 days a week for the moment for about 4 hours. We do allow walk ins, but our inventory changes daily so it is best you order online or call ahead. You can order online with ease. Today in particular I had quite a few people get upset that we ran out of a particular product or even had one person call after we closed. Unfortunately I am not permitted to NOT answer the phone. Just in case its my manager or someone from higher up. The person on the phone assumed we were open. I politely indicated we were not, but would be open tomorrow so they could call then and see what we had or place an order online for a guaranteed order of what they wanted. "But I need it now." I again reiterated what I had said, apologizing but there was nothing else I could do other than what I had previously stated. "But the dessert I need is an evening dish and you should have it for me now." Not exactly what I was expecting. I still remained polite and indicated they could order online or call tomorrow. They grumbled something and then hung up. I understand. We are all tired. We are all scared. We are all experiencing different emotions from anger to depression. It is not so simple for each person this is affecting us each differently. I used to work two jobs now I am down to one, barely working 12 hours every two weeks. It is what it is. I try to have compassion for everyone in this, but I will admit that it is difficult when someone such as that person on the phone refuses to check their privilege not knowing the background of the person working this service. I don't need a response nor even acknowledgement of this. I just really needed to post this somewhere. To let my own feelings out. I am scared. I am sad. I do not know what the future will bring or how much my life, my partner's life, all our lives will change. But...I still have hope in people. Thanks for reading.