I’m Annan athletic and have rose from Labrokes league 2 all the to the premiership. But after being in the Labrokes championship for 2-3 years I bought a youth player from jueventus named Marco Vitale, he was in the last year in his deal, unhappy and there agent asked if I could take a look. He was a beast, way better than any of my other strikers. So I bought him for 0$ at the end of his deal and his contract was double anyone else’s cause I assumed I’d make money by selling him cause he’s 18. He plays a year, does awesome and we lose in a promotional playoff. In the off-season good ole Rangers comes for him because the only way he’d sign was if he had a release clause to higher divisions for 850k. So rangers make an offer, he wants to leave, I get them to pay it. Other teams in the championship were interested but I didn’t wanna play against him and thought it could be a funny storyline if I make it up another level. Well this man gets loaned to newly relegated St.Mirren the next season and I come in 2nd and St.Mirren come in 3rd in the next year... Plus every time I played them he’s scored. Even had a presser ask if I could stop him since he’s scored 4 out of 4 games. In the first leg we draw 1-1, then in the second leg I’m up 3-2 and of course in the 80th minute this man bends a shot right around my keeper... Now I’m hysterical not sure what to do with myself. We go into overtime and I score right away so I’m feeling good. But once again this (explicit word) scores a lightening beam in the 114th minute. Now I’m pacing like a lunatic freaking out. Laughing at the storyline but inside dying. It goes to penalty shootouts and he of course hits. Luckily tho there 4th taker hits a doozy at my keeper and we score all 5 and advance and we end up stomping raith who are in the premiership in my save and finallllly advance to the top league. This is my first year having the game and I think this has been the strongest amount of emotions/spiritual experience in my life. This storyline was beautiful (cause I won) and this has been the only save where Ive never had to many of those moments where I want to start a new one. Annan athletic has gained a new fan, even tho I’m from a place where they call football soccer. Anyways I’m getting to deep here, football manager what an addiction, what a game