Ok so my first post telling this story didn’t seem to resonate well with the audience. Ppl were saying it was hard to follow and then I was just being a bitch to them but I realized how bad it was and now I’m just gonna rewrite it. So like 3 years ago I had a boyfriend and he had a friend who well call Jack. My boyfriend told me Jack had a foot/sock fetish. Eventually Me and my boyfriend broke up and his whole friend group hated me. But like 2 years later me and Jack became friends again and we’ve been best friends since then but this whole sock thing has never came up. The Other night he was at my house and he was telling me I should start an only fans or start selling nudes or like used panties and stuff for money which I thought was funny. But then I asked if he had a sock fetish, which I already knew but I asked Bc his suggestion about selling that type of stuff online sparked my curiosity. Immediately he was embarrassed but I kept poking at him Bc I wanted him to talk about it. But essentially I thought his sock fetish was just like if he sees a girl in some knee high socks he gets turned on. Like I just thought it was a visual thing and he was embarrassed when he told me there’s more to it so I asked him what his sock fetish really entailed. He basically told me he likes the smell of feet and worn socks and I laughed and thought it was really funny and I could tell he was even more embarrassed now. So Bc he’s such a good friend and I felt bad for making him tell me about it I tried to make up for it. I was wearing a pair of white balega ankle socks all day and I’m sure they didn’t smell too good so I put my foot in his face “on accident” and he sniffed like really hard lol. And when I moved my foot he was smiling super hard and he just said “wow”. I laughed and that was pretty much it. But now I’m worried he’s gonna try to be all up on my feet when he’s with me and I don’t want that but I did think it was fun to tease him a little bit. Any suggestions on what I should do moving forward? We hangout like every other day by the way so I would appreciate any answers ASAP. Hope my story wasn’t shitty again lol!!