So looking for some input. 3 weeks ago I bought a 2016 f350 platinum dually with 54k on it. After having it for a week I had a clock spring go bad in the steering column. Easy 1 day fix at the local ford dealership. Last night I was pulling in the driveway and heard a loud thumping under the truck. Got a warning on the dash that said trailer brake module fault which didn’t make sense not towing anything while this happened. Pressed ok and the next warning was to shift to park and the check engine light came on. Got out of the truck and noticed nothing abnormal as far as fluid leaking or damage. Was traveling about 2 mph with the truck in drive when this occurred. Had the wife get in and shift the truck to drive and I watched the drive shaft try to spin and stop, making a clanging noise every time it tried to spin. No play in the drive shaft when I wiggled it while it was in park. It appeared while the truck was in reverse or drive the driveshaft would make about a quarter turn and then clang. Truck is not drivable and needs to be towed to the shop. Anybody have this problem with their ford trucks before? I’m assuming it’s not transmission with the drive shaft trying to spin. And I don’t think u joint with no play in the drive shaft. Did I lose a gear in the rear end? And this damn truck is 4 years old with 54k on it and a pretty good previous owner maintenance history from what I researched prior to purchasing it. Did I buy a lemon? I really don’t think I should be having this kind of problem with low miles and age. Anyway truck is getting towed to the local dealership service center since I bought the truck out of state and hopefully ford factory warranty covers it or my purchased warranty will kick in. Obviously depends the diagnosis but any suggestions on some questions I need to be asking to the service center to make sure there isn’t major damage on this truck and I need to be moving on from it before getting to invested in it. Thanks let me know what you guys think.