So, confession time: the attempting to find a partner thing has been incredibly fruitless as of late, and boy does that routine get super old after a while. Posting, going out, wearing PANTS!? Like that shits more trouble than it's worth. You'd think chicks would be all over the idea of a nerdy partner that just wants to give them copious amounts of head and pay for their food all the time would be like, I dunno, -nice-, to say the least, but finding people that vibe with my bluntness is real tough. But I've also had too many conversations here that have gone nowhere to want to keep doing the small talk thing that eventually fizzles out and the never meeting thing, it's all just lost its splendor somehow. So, to be frank: I miss cuddling. I miss giving oral, I miss having some semblance of a partner, or at the very least, I just miss having some consistency. Having someone to talk to and make me feel wanted, cause trust me, you'll get plenty of that here. Having someone that I could play video/board games with, send stupid memes to all day and just talk about dumb shit throughout the day would be awesome. Having someone that would be willing to actually fucking -make time-, my God, I'd literally give all my possessions for that. Which, jokes on you, I don't own a lot, but there are plenty of cute Poke'mon figurines and a Switch in it for you (the console, not me personally. Though to be honest, you could buy me if you wanted, I've got a strong back, will pick up heavy boxes and do mundane tasks for money). Not sure what else to put here, but if you're someone that wants to be reminded that they're fucking awesome, even if you are/aren't already fully aware of it, I'm your guy! If you wanna be cuddled an almost irresponsible amount in your spare time, I'm down! If you like it when guys go down on you for hours -because they actually want to-, then boy, are you in for a treat! If nothing else, if you want a weird person to game with, that would be cool. And having a friend to cook with would also be super fun. But for starters, writing a post that actually garners responses is the thing I need to work on. Hopefully this will be the one.