But to be honest I don't really know how to around here. I know the guys here vastly out number girls here and when a girl makes a post someone is likely to get drowned out. That's understandable we're all here looking for the same thing. So I figured my best shot would be to make a post of my own. It's been a while since I've tried dating so it kinda feels like I'm new to all of this. But I'm a 27 year old Hispanic male about 5'7". I have a good career that I enjoy, one that allows me to move up however I need too. I live by myself with just my dog in an apartment. (Yes I will share pictures of him!) I enjoy all genres of music except country (sorry not sorry). I'm a huge movie guy. I love going to the movies and just having a good time. Of course I play video games. I'll play damn near anything. I'm not overweight but I'd like to get back into a better shape maybe being active is something we can do together? Im a headstrong guy who will do something he puts his mind to, but I do have a soft side that I'd love to share with someone and have it be something that only they get to see. I honestly don't know what else to say about myself really. Maybe we could talk in dms and touch on some of the more interesting topics for conversation. What I do know is I'm looking for a partner. Someone who will stand by me knowing I'll do the same. Someone who I can text good morning with a smile first thing when I wake up and struggle keeping my eyes open with when I go to sleep. Someone who I can grow with and help keep each other grounded. We can help each other reach our goals and become better people together. Someone who I'll think about throughout the day and want to send funny gifs or memes too. I want to travel the world with someone and make memories. Someone who I can go out with friends with and just have a great time or just chill on the couch and cuddle while we watch a movie. I'm a pretty open guy so I don't judge based on your past we all have one. My goal is for us to move forward together. I'm willing to video chat, text, discord, share pictures. Whatever comes up so long as we vibe. I guess my only turn off right now is just having a kid. As for right now I'm just not at a point in my life where I can handle one and that wouldn't be fair to you. But maybe some day down the line I will be ready. If anything like this sounds like something you'd be interested in I'd love to chat and get to know each other.