My name is Jordan Ramos. I’m 18 years old and I live in Honolulu, Hawaii on the island of O’ahu. Ideally, I’m looking to be in a local, long-term relationship with a girl in Honolulu, Hawaii on the island of O’ahu and/or anywhere on the island of O’ahu. In my spare time, I like to practice playing the electric guitar, composing original metal music pieces, recording them, mixing and mastering them, and releasing them on Spotify, iTunes, and SoundCloud, playing the taiko drums(traditional Japanese drums), beatboxing, practicing 2 styles of southern Shaolin Kung fu known as Hung Gar and Choy Lee fut, and I like to play video games such as the classic, original DOOM that was released as a floppy disk for the MS-DOS on December 10, 1993(NOT The Ultimate DOOM), DOOM(2016), DOOM: Eternal, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, and Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. I’m a metalhead(I listen to mostly metal music). My favorite sub genre of metal music is groove metal and I’m a really big fan of a groove metal band called Lamb of God. I’ve been in 4 relationships throughout my entire life and the worst part about it is that I’ve never kissed a girl and/or cuddled with a girl to this day. I’m also still a virgin to this day as well. The 1st relationship was a local relationship but my first (Ex)girlfriend treated me like shit, made me her “Bitch,” and didn’t bother to kiss me, cuddle with me, or have sex with me. The other 3 relationships that I’ve been in were all long distance so unfortunately for me, I couldn’t physically do a lot and all of them dumped/broke up with me; each for a different reason. I’ve been really lonely for the past 3 months and I’ve gotten lonelier ever since quarantine...I’ve also never been able to conquer my social awkwardness and/or being shy when talking to girls in person/in public, especially, girls that I like and/or have a crush on. I’ve always been a wallflower and I try to keep a low profile in public. I also personally believe that I’m different from every single life form in existence. Nonetheless, I’m tired of feeling lonely and I’m looking for the one. If you are interested or know anyone else that is or might be interested, please feel free to either send me a message, comment on this subreddit post, and/or DM/PM me on here.