I have been playing for a long time, not launch date but shortly after. I picked up the game thinking it was one of the most unique games and it really was (still is). I have never seen a 3D fighter so fun, a game where you have full control of the character and are able to fight against other 3D models with a sword and blade, very fun. Then i kept getting dicked on for the longest time and quit. about 4-5 months later i hopped back in strictly because i was bored of my games and i ended up having one of the funnest times i've had. I have been playing since that day and I gotta say....this game blows and heres why. Characters. The heroes who make the game also destroy it and you can see the salt and toxicity all the time in this forum for certain characters. well start with BP. I'd also like to say i have an open mind to things, instead of blaming the character or game mechanic i usually think about what i just did and how i can differently approach that situation again. BP does not care about that. his bash is so godamn safe that i cannot even get a dodge attack off with kensei or shaolin. the timing required to dodge it is not that hard right? its not. If i stand still and have a friend try to bash hes not going to get it, but the deal is that.....that doesn't happen in real matches. The mixups, the feints, the everything that could lead into a shoulder bash and the mind games at play, its a harder to predict a bash with a full kit also in question. His recovery cancel into flip is INSANE. The very much enables him to come out alive after a 1v4 if the enemy keeps throwing attacks, never mind a 1v1. I have lost FH tournaments to BP a couple times in finals (was not fun). So just bp right? nah we got other characters but thats just an example of how a 20 min dom match can be the most un-fun thing imaginable. And that's where i get my problem now. the game is just not fun anymore. If you light spam at an early stage you will win, as lower tier players have a very hard time parry shit at 400ms. Higher tier play wont allow that, but thats a problem because then a character just becomes shit. very FEW players actually make those characters good in a high tier state (shout out OneShotFH) I also call it un-fun because most matches and opponents just feel like the same shit over and over. If im playing a LB im either going to get my noggin poked in with the light, or im going to get unblockable 50/50 spammed, or if the LB is good they are going to turtle until they parry my light, and get that huge damage top heavy. Then don't throw lights right? ight throw a heavy.... they parry. throw a heavy into feint into gb........ either the gb was not in time to cancel their heavy and i get molly whooped or they just counter gb. Okay then use an unblockable they are there for a reason!...... damn okay then just rip everybody who plays certain characters with no unblockables/ublockcables that suck. It also doesn't help thats there no fucking crossave. imagine playing this game and you finally upgrade to a PC (me) or say you bought a console, congrats you have to wipe all your progress and thats absoulute bullshit and made me never want to play on pc. what the fuck makes you think i want to buy alllllll those executions and emotes AGAIN if i just have to grind steel every day until i get to the place i was on xbox. Not happening. Part 2 of not helping was your lightsaber shit. I have had it with the game and playing with lightsabers for 2 days (4/5th) would have kept me longer, and many others would have came back for at least the time. But nah fuck that right? "cOrOna" or maybe a disney license issues, but i'm POSITIVE if they cared they would have found something for their community.  The only reason i was playing the game on PC and xbox after a while was just because im good at it, and the fact that this game is so unique, as i have not found a game even remotely close to how it plays.  FH own its own title in that way but sorry i just can't force myself to play anymore. That's just how it feels really, there's only one game like FH to either deal with its massive amount of BS or leave, and that just feels like piss poor stuff from ubi.