Let me begin with this by just saying how crazy it is, that if you take a break from this game, for a solid 6 months, you're entirely fucked. I used to be quite good, and still am considering my long hiatus, but Fortnite has such a HUGE amount of talent present now, that even your simple public casual squad match is going to be filled with kids that are absolutely top tier players. I don't have the time to dedicate to learn all these new techniques, learn how to box fight, etc...and I left for a break before this became the meta. It's almost heartbreaking, that a game I enjoyed so much, is now almost impossible to enjoy, as I cannot compete with these players on an AVERAGE level lol. I mean, I wonder, how a new player entering the game in the current season continues to play, without deciding that the game is just simply too difficult and discouraging when the players you face, are so much more talented then you. I wonder if Epic is considering an approach to this situation at all? I know there is supposed to be SBMM, but I feel if it is being applied, its being applied based on my old stats/wins/etc...and I am certainly not the 2.5 k/d 500+ wins player i used to be in season 7-8ish. I mean, I guess fun is what you make it right? It is just hard sometimes when you know, that its inevitable that you WILL run into that one squad, or duo that is just far superior, and will walk right through you with super speed edits, and accuracy like aim bot lol. Im just kind of voicing my experience as of recently returning to Fortnite from a 6+month absence, and what it has been like since my return. I did not expect to see the talent level rise so rapidly, and to such a high state. Try to imagine being a day 1, week 1 player, beginning their Fortnite adventure during the new coming season. Do they even continue to play? I am curious about statistics. Anyways, I am just rambling on at this point, but hey, I am sure there is quite a few others out there experiencing the same things I am, and I thought I would share my experience, and thoughts. Still love Fortnite, its just so discouraging sometimes when you cant ever catch a break. However, congratulations to all you nutty players out there, some of you are seriously incredible. Cheers!