Ray woke up in the morning, happy and motivated after the long sex night with steel wool. It was 10 AM, ray got up from her bed and headed for the kitchen to make breakfast for homebase. As she were frying some eggs, Anthony walks in. “Good morning, ray.” Says Anthony. “Good morning Anthony, how are you doing today?” Says ray. “I’m feeling pretty good, espically after yesterday” says Anthony. “*chuckles* yeah Anthony, yesterday was awesome!” Says ray. Now, Anthony is sitting on the counter awaiting for his breakfast while ray is cooking it. Anthony was feeling a bit horny, so he decided to make his first move. He goes and hugs ray from the back, and whispers in her ears “you know ray, my milk would be very delicious with these eggs” ray breeding sensors is turned on now, and she is horny too. Anthony and ray start touching each other, But that was when the remaining members of steel wool showed up. Lars, syd, and Carlos walked in on ray and Anthony in the middle of their act. “What in the god damn” said Lars. “Anthony you fucking nigger we told you to stay away from ray while we are not there” said syd. “Watch your fucking mouth syd, I never gave you the n word pass. If you ever say nigger again I’m going to fuck your dead lobber mother” Said Carlos. Now, all members of steel wool are arguing and mad at each other. Ray decides to step in and calm them down, telling them that all of them can get a piece of her wet fueling hole. Steel wool calms down, because they know that they want a piece of that delicious ray hole. Carlos makes the first move, goes to ray and touch her from the bottom. “You know what your breakfast is missing? My black sausage” said Carlos. “Oh, Carlos, id eat your black sausage any day any time even though I don’t have a digestive system!” Said ray. Now, Carlos and ray are kissing while the other steel wool members are unzipping their pants and getting their member out to jerk it off while they watch Carlos get the first slice of that delicious ray cake. Carlos holds ray and puts her on the kitchen table, she is now surrounded by the four members of steel wool that have their members out. Ray knows what is coming, she knows that every hole in her metallic body is about to be filled with thousands upon millions of steel wool sperm that will rust her insides. As steel wool pick the hole they desire, ray takes it like a champ. Mind you, she left her pain sensors on. She felt every moment of rough and primitive penetration that came out of the horny steel wool members. All 5 of them were having fun while the eggs were still in the frying pan burning. The sex continued until a sudden moment, where in a surprise, the kitchen door was being opened. Steel wool and ray froze in their place, they weren’t ready to face whoever was on the other end of that door but they didn’t have a choice. The door opens. “WHAT IN THE NAME OF THE HOLY BASE” says Kyle, as he walked in to see steel wool gang banging ray. “Kyle! We c-can expla-in!” Says Anthony. Now, steel wool and ray are staring at Kyle in silence, while Kyle is doing the same thing back. It was a few awkward moments that ended when ray invited Kyle to the party. “Hey Kyle, how about you try a piece of my moneymaker?” Says ray. “I CANNOT DENY THE OFFER” Said Kyle. Syd immediately dismissed ray. “didn’t penny break up with Kyle because his dick is tiny? You shouldn’t invite him ray, you wouldn’t enjoy it” said syd, in a quiet voice that Kyle managed to hear, and it made him angry. “Just try it slugger, my dick is strong!” Said Kyle as he pulled down his pants to reveal his cock. And no, it wasn’t tiny. He went to the table and pushed all members of steel wool away as he inserted his cock aggressively and mercilessly into ray. Steel wool was watching him, impressed by the raw power he’s putting into ray. Ray never felt such joy, neither of steel wool members managed to please her as much as Kyle. Kyle and ray continued to have sex for 30 more minutes as steel wool were watching and enjoying all of it. “MY BALLS... THEY ARE SO FULL” Said Kyle, seconds before ejaculating and filling ray with his precious cum. He hopped off ray, kissed her on her metallic cheek and went out of the kitchen. Ray fell in love with Kyle, she didn’t have sex with steel wool ever again.