So I was reading the patch notes on 11.50 update for save the world. Valentines day is among us and they bring back Love Ranger Jonesy and The Heart Breaker? This is like the 3rd time their doing this. You figured by now that they would have created a new valentine's day weapon and a new valentines day hero or heros. I'm not understanding what's going on over there with the development team but they obviously love using the same thing every season. Man this mode is so fun but for the past year or so it's been getting reused items. This mode can be so much more. And the thing is they can make money off of it besides people paying for the game but they choose not to.  Us as a community have had so many good ideas and concepts not all but a lot. But they don't want to actually listen to us. Why I don't know. They should listen to our ideas and even come up with a voting system for certain weapons hero's or just ideas in general. I came up with the idea of the storm pass. makes sense and sounds good and you can either pay 1,000 v-bucks for it or complete a set of challenges to get the battle pass for free. Then you play and do certain objectives to level up the battle pass to earn special items like you do in Battle Royale. Epic please stop giving us reused hero's and weapons. Also gives us more customization on everything like being able to rename our homebase, hero's weapon loadouts, hero loadouts, defender names so forth. Make this mode last decades not a few more years, trust me you'll gain more people instead of losing more people. Yes we have tons of weapons and hero's but I'd rather have stability and solid content then hordes of weapons that would take forever to level up relying on the little amount of perk up and re perk and evol materials we always receive to compensate for how much each weapon cost to max up and level up... Hopefully with this 12.10 update things will start turning around other wise might as well give up doesn't take almost 3 years to start making solid changes to a game.