This game has been going downhill since chapter 2 started. I've been playing since season 1, so I've been through it all. I think I am the most qualified to say that this game, sadly, is now garbage. I'm not the type of person to get mad when I die so don't think I had a bad game and I am just pissed off. I try to play this game and it's just sweats running rampant. I'm not an amazing player so you can't say it's sbmm because I am not even close to being as good as the people I play with. Even in squads my team is ass and the people I'm playing against are fucking gods. And yes, I have tried creative and it was okay until out of nowhere the sweats decided to transfer to creative and for some reason I'm being put in lobbies that have been going forever and there is only 3 or 4 people in the game max. This game used to be fun, there used to be fun items and weekly updates that kept the game fresh. Speaking of, I wonder what epic games is doing? No fun playlist, no new items, not even any updates. They've gotten lazy and it seems like they just don't care. They got me super hype for season X and I was finally starting to see a storyline and now they just don't do anything for 4 months and put out this dog shit the agency themed season and just left it there leaving us with no idea what happened or why we are even on this map. I love(d) this game, but now epic games just caters to streamers and stopped giving a shit about their fanbase. I'm not looking for an argument so don't comment trying to talk shit or tell me to "get good." There shouldn't be any game out there made just for players that are good, idk about you guys but a game for me is something I can have fun and enjoy doing, not sweating my ass off just to stay alive the first 10 minutes of the game. Anyways, farewell fortnite, and farewell r/FortNiteBR community. Maybe one day epic will realize what they're doing and fix it but I don't think so. They're just like every other rich person/company in this world. They got their money, now they just don't care.