Alright so I’m explaining this to the best of my ability on here I’ll jump all over this but bear with me because I really need other people’s perspectives on this... I can’t handle these overwhelming thoughts anymore.     So, I’m in recovery...I met this guy through recovery. He had (and still has) more time sober than me. First couple of convos we clicked and it truly felt like I’ve known him all my life. He has some mental illnesses he deals with as do I which helped me open up to him a lot more than I already was about my life and myself. He was/is always understanding and has been there for me more than my bestfriend that I’ve known for 11 years. I’m talking about listening to me cry at 1am for hours on the phone and tell me it hurt him to hear me cry, would never complain about these long calls and give me his best advice if there was advice to give, if not he would sit there and let me get everything out. I went through a lot around this time and was fresh in recovery again. Been in and out of recovery for a while now. Well, I fell for him around this time. I could not get him out of my head and was and still is the first person I talked to about anything in my life. When we first started hanging out it was always just as friends. Then some touchy feely came into play and we started having sex but still hang out with each other afterwards. I asked him one day  how he felt about me and he said he liked me a lot and that there’s definitely sexual attraction there , I told him I liked him a lot as well and was told to go with the flow of things... As some time passed of continuing to hang out and have sex, I went all in on telling him how I feel no hesitation through text. I was told he wasn’t looking for anything serious and that maybe sometime in the future there’s a chance for us to be something that I still need to put in a lot of work on myself. I was crushed by this. Hurt. My heart felt like it was stomped on and that he was only saying that to make it sound like there’s hope in the future because he felt bad for me. We would still hang out but I started talking to other guys and having sex with them on and off and it always ended bad...still in and out of recovery during all this... and still coming to him about how I felt about him. He was still there for me, He would always give me advice on how to turn my life around and be able to stay in recovery too I just never listened because I just wasn’t ready to be done yet. This cycle of finding other men to fill the whole I felt and relapsing on drugs and alcohol continued for a while until I decided to pull my head out my ass and get my life together. I’ve known him for 9 months now and he’s still around in my life... This time, I have time sober in recovery and making big changes in my life and I’m really putting in the effort to stay sober and become a better version of myself. We are still friends and we started having sex again but without kissing to avoid the emotional part I guess (not my idea, his) This time around I’m not having sex with anyone else or trying to find some guy to talk to. We still hang out after having sex too, Like take naps and watch shows or movies, laugh, talk, for hours. I still have these feelings for him and he knows that and I just don’t know what it truly is between us and it kills me because it’s never expressed and if it is semi talked about it had always been through text. I don’t want to keep wasting my time... like if we are just going to be friends, then I don’t want sex involved anymore... if there’s a possibility of a future and he feels something for me, then I want him to tell me and just tell me what the intentions are with all of this back and fourth. I truly feel like all this has made me lose my mind and as you can see I’m probably all over the place with typing this. Someone just tell me what you think and I hope you made it this far. I need it. Thanks.