Hey im female 18 yrs old and i want your advice. So me and my friend started hang out with some guys 2 weeks now. The 1 of the guys i liked him and started flirting. Anyway we hang out 3 days ago for the last time. We got some drugs(exstacy) and had fun, me and my friend got 1 exstacy together. I make out with the guy i liked and stuff. Everythings fine.Yesterday my friend told that she didnt like the fact that i cut the exstasy a way wich wasnt look good to hee and tha others. I told her okey and just not take again together drugs so we wouldnt have problems again and not to get in afight for this raeson. But the topic continued. Hours later a girl from the company call me and told if im gonna hang out with them this day and i told her that i cant but the way she talking to me was very ironic. She called me again after some minutes and told that i have to give them 5 europ more for the exstacy. At first i said yes but then i thought about it and call my friend to ask her why ( i had already give the many i had to 2 days ago) she couldnt explain me and tge other girl took the pjone and startes telling me that i did more exstacy than my friend and stuff and i was like wtf are we arguing about drugs? Moreover she told me that all the guys were annoyed with me for this and stuff i didnt actually understand.(I have to say that i didnt do usually drugs and stuff and im not in this.) Then she called me again (the girl) and told that her and the guy i makw out this night fuck** later and she is better than me and i have to give them the many to take pills and i was like wtfffff. Today I talked with my friend and told that what happend with this girl is about me and thw girl and she is annoyed for this thing and i told her that as my friend ahe had to defends me and not just let her to talk to me like that and fu** this  boy. Anyway all this happed abou a fuc**** exstacy and i think its very stupid. I dont want to hang with them again and i didnt like the way they all attacked for drugs lollll. Am I wrong?