A friend I haven’t seen in months wanted to go to DisneyWorld since she went through a break up  and just wanted to go to get her mind off of things. I agreed to go and was excited, but I found her actions while there was a bit inconsiderate.  We agreed to go out,  the night I would make it in town and i explained i would be getting in late since i have a longer commute then her and caught a late flight. She made a comment like you don’t need to put on a lot a makeup or anything because i know it takes you a long time to do it, just do it at the airport or we can take pictures far away if you’re worried about how you look. ....I just jokingly explained i would be fine, but still it was  irritating  for someone to tell me what to do when we’re both adults . Normally if i have time, I do a full face of makeup. However, if i know i have people waiting on me i never try to take too long, just to be considerate of their time. Anyways , When I first meet up with her at the hotel, she doesn’t give me a hug or anything or seems to be excited to see me. She said she was tired. I brushed it off, we caught up afterwards and it seemed fine. As you know Disney is a lot of walking and can be exhausting. Throughout the day, she kept walking ahead of me. It bothered me a bit, but again I brushed it off. Towards the end of the day we had to take a long ride back to our hotel through a shuttle . I fell asleep during the ride and woke up before we arrived, when I get out she’s already walking feet ahead of me. Doesn’t say anything and just keeps walking. I’m not familiar with the area and eventually lost her getting to the room. I called and texted and she didn’t respond eventually I was able to figure out where the room was because I saw her through the curtain of where we were staying. It was annoying because not one time did she look back and attempt to walk with me , when it was completely obvious she was far away. When I eventually get to the room and walked in I said “I was calling because you left me and I couldn’t find the room. It would’ve been considerate to walk together.”  She said “you slept the whole way you should’ve had enough energy to keep up.” I just said no and went to shower. She fell asleep when i got out . Throughout the time we didn’t bring it up again , but she continued to not walk together . It’s frustrating because I took time to go to something she invited me to because she wanted to be distracted from dealing with her own personal issues. Yet while I’m there I don’t feel like she’s being considerate of my feelings.