A few months back I had just lost my dad and 3 of my pets, so I took time off my phone and that also meant replying to some messages. Around this time I didn't talk to my online friend for three months. I know that sounds bad but I did eventually tell my online friend why I wasn't answering. I sent her a long paragraph back in April, but somehow she never got my messages so I had just assumed she never replied. I told her what happened and she got upset with me for ignoring her messages and called me rude. This was before my dad died so I told her he had been really sick, and I thought she would've been more understanding since we're internet best friends, but she goes "I didn't need to know about your dad and you could've just told me before" and I tell her I've tried to but for some reason was not getting any replies back. So May rolls around, and i'm still taking care of my sick dad and trying to cope with everything, so I took another mental health break. When I finally was around to replying to messages again, she sent me a long paragraph saying that she gives up and she's done trying to reach out since I never answer her. She says I've been ignoring her for way to long and that it's my choice if I want to stop being friends with her. I reply back instantly saying that this wasn't the case and that I just needed a mental health break, I love and care for her so much and would never just toss out a friendship like that, but i'm dealing with things at the moment. She says that it's fine if I need to take a mental health break and that she understands. A few months later in July, my dad passed and I sent her a long paragraph letting her know, and she sends me a sweet message back telling me how strong I am and that she wishes she could be there for me more. I told her I really appreciated that. Everything was fine up until recently where she got really upset with me for leaving again and messaged me asking me why I take months to reply and I tell her that I had just lost my puppy due to some strange illness and was sad to reply. I told her I felt guilty and selfish for doing that but I wasn't trying to ignore all her messages I just needed a break. Like I had just lost my puppy and hadn't heard from her in awhile, and out of the blue she messages me saying she misses me and why do I keep disappearing on her, she has so much to tell me etc. I don't know what to do, I feel like I'm being a bad friend and ignoring her messages even though I'm still in the process of grieving. Any advice on what to do would be appreciated.