I have recently noticed that a lot of comments  get downvoted just because people disagree to it. If I disagree, I downvote. This is what most people are doing now. And when one person downvotes it, it will cause a psychological impact in the minds of people reading that comment and it leads to mass downvotes and this results in that thread being collapsed. Sometimes this will result in good /honest /unpopular opinions get downvoted. Do you guys think it's right? What would all of you feel when the person you downvoted goes to your profile and downvotes all your posts and comments? It would be bad, right? What if a hundred people you downvoted unreasonably do that to your profile? You would probably get negative karma. None of us would want that. In my opinion, we should downvote something only when it's abusive, or hurting a person, caste, creed, gender, color, religion, or is personally insulting a person or when it provides a bad message to society and so on. I think you all get what I mean. Some people say really bad things. And that deserves to be downvoted. But simply downvoting just because you don't like it is bad. It's as much their subreddit as it is yours. Everyone should be able to speak their opinion as long as it's backed by solid reasoning. In my opinion Downvoting  gives a toxic effect and it leaves a lot of bitterness with it. If I was in charge of reddit, I would get rid of that button. And as we all know, a major part of our frozen fandom is children. So there are probably a lot of chances they might knowingly or unknowingly visit this sub. What I am trying to say is that, we should try to keep foul language to a minimum and not comment or post things which might be a bad lesson for the little children. Our world was big earlier, but now it's really small as it's connected everywhere by the internet. And etiquette in using the internet really matters. It might even affect on whether you get a job or not. And the reason why we are united here, the disney franchise, Frozen, was created with a view to spread positivity to the society. And as the official sub and the largest meeting place of frozen fans, it's our responsibility that we show the same standard as our franchise. I'm not a mod or anything, and I'm sorry if I hurt anyone, but I thought I should say this. I'm absolutely sorry for taking your time to read this, but I hope my message delivered. It's alright if this post also get downvoted, but if one person gets the message, I'll be happy. Let's all try to make the internet and the world a better place, shall we?