I took my last final yesterday and it had two parts. The first part was 24 questions and had a 45 minute timer to complete where I was only able to see one question at a time and once you hit next you could not go back. I was also told that if you exit the test there is no way to re enter. Each question was a fill in the blank type question with the first 2 or 3 having 3 blanks we had to fill while the rest only had one blank. At question 16 with around 20 minutes left to the exam clicked next and my canvas just showed it was spinning for about a minute. Then the whole page went blank and gave me a message saying “ERROR 504: BAD GATEWAY”. This has something to do with my server not reaching canvases in time apparently. I frantically emailed the professor explaining the situation and asking for guidance. I gave details on which question I was on and how much time approximately I had left on the exam. I tried to get back into canvas multiple times and finally one of them went through and I was able to re sign in and surprisingly it said “continue quiz” which I did not think it was supposed to allow. I clicked it and it put me back where I left off on question 16 but there were only 5 minutes left on the timer. I started answering everything as fast as I could possibly think and amazingly finished the exam with a 29 out of 31. After finishing my teacher emailed me back saying “contact the office of long distance learning and see what they can do” and “no other students have contacted me with a problem. I can’t reopen it for you”. This infuriated me as it seemed extremely unhelpful and although things somewhat worked out I had to complete the test with at least a 15 minute handicap. Not only that but I still am waiting for her to grade the second half of the exam and my grade is right on the border at a flat 90%, meaning the 10% I missed on the exam could be what causes me to get a B. I surely would have gotten a better grade and feel that no one else having an issue is not an adequate response. If I had a power outage would she say no one else had any issues? Are there any steps I can take to appeal or at least show my disappointment in how she handled (or didn’t handle) the situation? Any help is appreciated