Hi, so I'm 20 and I've been dealing with an eating disorder for about 5 years now. I was in recovery for awhile and unfortunately I gained around 40 lbs because I genuinely didn't know how to eat normally. During this time I was in an abusive relationship that I just got out of about 6 months ago. After the weight gain my ex partner began telling me that if I didn't lose the weight he would leave me and that triggered me to turn back to my eating disorder. Since then I have been in a cycle or restricting and then binging and purging. Right now I find myself constantly wanting to binge, however because of covid I had to move back into my parents place as I couldn't stay at my university. Even before this I found I was unable to purge as often as I wanted to as I have been dating a new guy for almost 3 months now. I wasn't seeking anyone out after what happened with my ex but long story short I hit his car and now we're together. It's like a world of difference with him and he truly does care for me and want to see me happy which is why it's so hard for me to keep purging when I know it upsets him and I don't want to disappoint him. Because of this I haven't really been exhibiting any "unhealthy" behaviours, I haven't been binging (as I am unable to) and although I haven't been eating as much as I should be, I'm not lightheaded so I know it's a decent amount. The issue is that the thoughts are always there and they are so prevalent that I find it hard to focus on anything at all because I am always thinking about needing to binge and purge. Along with this, I have been feeling the urge to purge after eating a normal meal which never happened before, I only ever wanted to purge after a binge. I'm unsure what to do about this or who to turn to. I should mention my parents are not very supportive and my mum, although she knows about my ed, has notice I've gained about 10 pounds and is always making comments on what I'm eating (ie "are you SURE you want to eat that" sort of thing). Quarantine with them is making it 10x worse. Any advice is appreciated 💖