"Isabel knew of no wrong he had done; he was not violent, he was not cruel: she simply believed he hated her. That was all she accused him of, and the miserable part of it was precisely that it was not a crime, for against a crime she might have found redress. He had discovered that she was so different, that she was not what he had believed she would prove to be. He had thought at first he could change her, and she had done her best to be what he would like. But she was, after all, herself--she couldn't help that; and now there was no use pretending, wearing a mask or a dress, for he knew her and had made up his mind. She was not afraid of him; she had no apprehension he would hurt her; for the ill-will he bore her was not of that sort. He would if possible never give her a pretext, never put himself in the wrong. Isabel, scanning the future with dry, fixed eyes, saw that he would have the better of her there. She would give him many pretexts, she would often put herself in the wrong. There were times when she almost pitied him; for if she had not deceived him in intention she understood how completely she must have done so in fact. She had effaced herself when he first knew her; she had made herself small, pretending there was less of her than there really was. It was because she had been under the extraordinary charm that he, on his side, had taken pains to put forth. He was not changed; he had not disguised himself, during the year of his courtship, any more than she. But she had seen only half his nature then, as one saw the disk of the moon when it was partly masked by the shadow of the earth. She saw the full moon now--she saw the whole man. She had kept still, as it were, so that he should have a free field, and yet in spite of this she had mistaken a part for the whole. As for the reminiscence of his courtship, she did cherish the memory of it as much as she resented its self-inflicted illusion. She had developed a dull, if harmless fondness in looking inward and backward, and every once in awhile she harkened on past occurrences of his once playful company, and that of his companions, a faint smile appearing, as a shadow elongated by the dawing sun. She'd recall one of Oswald's oldest acquaintances, a self-professed scientist now disappeared in queer circumstances who used to build the most marvelous devices, even as the man was routinely intoxicated, and of a more boisterous temper than his peers. On the occasion of his most amusing experiment, the man actually turned himself into a pickle, and it was the funniest shit Isabel had ever witnessed."