Bit of a wierd question wouldn't you say? what do you do if you discover you can control peoples minds? do you try to help the world somehow? try to help the people around you? use them for the greater good? or do you just use them to have fun with hot girls? yeah I think we all know what we'd choose. Hey everyone, so I've got a love for mind control and I'd like to have a roleplay where you play a character with mind control powers and I play your victims, the method is pretty simple, you can put people into obedient trances where there minds are open to you, then you can do as you please with them, give them triggers, alter their very personalities, or just have fun with them as your obedient mind slaves, that's the power you hold now. So what I'm looking for this is really to just play a number of different girls, all of which will be futas, I prefer playing futas so it will just be treated as normal, the girls will very heavily, different kinds all over and naturally you're free to do as you please with them, of course I ask you to respect my limits but beyond that, I'm open to your choices. Now the story I have in mind is basically upon realizing your powers you set up a little business, one where you welcome women and help them with whatever problems they have, this becomes quite popular thanks to a lot of great reviews "wink" and gets you plenty of women to play with, and of course you're free to play with any girls you meet outside of work, this is a long term roleplay after all so I intend to provide many different women for you. Now for limits my mains ones are men, snuff, guro, vore, chastity, cruelty, vanilla penetration, and general dark themes and my kinks are JOI, feet, sweat, footwear, domination, humiliation, ahegoa, armpits, mind control, blackmail, financial domination, muscular women, muscle worship, curvy women, lactation, milking, anal, rough play, stripping, bdsm, watersports, orgasm control, teasing, toys, incest, exhibitionism, race play, slutty wear, rules, humiliating tasks, cameras, orientation play, and variety, if you'd like to play then by all means, message me, no chat ok?