It’s me actually posting what a mad lad. Um I don’t really remember anything that has happened this week. I guess on Thursday CZ and DV met. They also met other people that have seen me naked but that’s not important. I’m glad it went okay. They’re important people in my life. Um yeah I went on a date with this guy who really I’ve just been wanting to have a threesome with him and his girlfriend. He’s an average kisser and was terrible at fingering. He was nice though. I don’t know if I’ll go through with it just for the fact that I’m not going to fuck someone who is actively fucking strangers. My love’s, CZ and DV’s and mine’s health are important and I’m not out here trying to get a std from this girl. And then I also met this guy let’s call him Ovi. I think I already wrote about this but we like hung out and ate burgers. He left me at the mall where I forgot I had made plans with BAMC and then we had an edible and he fingered me while watching jumanji. Romantic I know. Anyways yeah I’ve done a lot of homework. There was one thing where it was like 2 am and I was just like fuck this. I’m really excited about Valentine’s Day tbh. Anyways yeah I saw R on Saturday. I’ve missed that dude. He took me to his friends birthday thing and one of his friends was AMC’s friend I had met once during the semester. Small world. I also got the book I needed for humanities and watched parasite what a good movie. I also saw um what did I name him lmao GRIF. Let’s call him GRIF. So I saw GRIF which I had hang out once last semester with. We walked around and had like empanadillas and then we like chilled and he was showing me his place. High key was expecting him to kiss me but that didn’t workout. He does want to see me again though. Yo I had sex with DV today and it was amazing. Okay I had a bit of edibles earlier and had this really intense orgasm and then like later had two it was great. I had ice cream and yeah I love life lmao. BAMC got me another edible which is great man. And yeah I’ll try to keep this up lmao