Hello, this is my first post on the entire Reddit. I came up with  a game idea based on the "doomer" meme. I'd like to hear what do you think about this. Basically, you'd start off as a doomer that just finished college and hates his life, and the game's goal would be to become a bloomer. To become a bloomer, you'd need to raise your happiness level to max, get married, get a bloomer haircut and clothes. How quick happiness level raises would depend on your dopamine level, which you could increase by listening to bloomer music, eating fast-food (which would also increase your fat level) playing games on your computer, or buying the premium membership on you know what sites and going to a job you like. Happiness level would go down when you go to a job you don't like, you get rejected by a girl, you get fired from a job or you're hungry/thirsty. You'd also need to pay for an online therapy session to change your doomer character to a bloomer one. Also, before you start the game, you could customize your character and choose what course you ended on the college (for example, if you ended an IT course on the college, you'd want to get an IT job). You wouldn't be able to get a job that you like at the start of the game though, because you wouldn't have enough money to afford a suit for a job interview, so you'd have to start off with a low-wage job. (mc-donald's worker for example) There would be plenty other activities to earn more money after a day of work, but you'd need to choose if you want to work more and make your happiness level go down, or go back home and raise your happiness level on your computer. Computer would have many functions, you could order fast food so you don't have to leave your home to buy food, you could play video games (like i said before) but you'd also need to buy them on steam, and if you'd play one game for too long, i'd would become boring and would no longer raise your happiness level. You could also look for a girlfriend on a dating site, which would be a must have to complete the game. Also, like i said before, you could also pay for a therapy session, which would be also a must have to complete the game, as it would change your character. You could also buy new flats so your girlfriend can move in, new furniture and new computers so they can handle better games that give more happiness level. You could also buy new cars, and new cars would depend on how fast you can get to your job. For example, you'd start off with public transport, which is 2$ each day you go to your job, and you come 5 minutes late, which is let's say -200$ to your paycheck. You buy an old rusty car, which is 3 minutes late, and that's about -130$ to your paycheck. If you buy a good, new car you come to your job earlier and you do some extra work, and that gives you +100$. So, what do you guys think?