When I was 18, 18 years old, I saw for the first time in my life, I saw a vision of clarity. I saw a comic strip, a three panel comic strip that, though simple as it seemed, changed me, changed my being, changed who I am, made me who I am, enlightened me. The strip, Garfield, the comic strip was new, no more then maybe a month and a half since inception, since... since coming into existence, and there it was before me in print, I saw it, a comic strip. What was it called? Garfield. The story here is of a man, a plain man. He is Jon, but he is more than that. I will get to this later, but first, let us just say he is Jon, a plain man, and then there is a cat, Garfield. This is the nature of the world here. When I see the world, the...the politics, the future, the... satellites in space, and the people who put them there, you could look at everything as a man and a cat. Two beings, in harmony, and at war. So this strip I saw about this man, Jon, and the cat, Garfield, you see.... yes, hmm, it is about everything, this little comic is, oh... lo and behold not so little anymore. So yes, when I was 18, I saw this comic and it hit me all at once, its power, I clipped it and every day I looked at it and I said, okay, let me look at this here, what is this doing to me? Why is this so powerful? Jon Arbuckle, he sits here, legs crossed, comfortable in his home and he reads his newspaper. The news of the world perhaps. Then he extends his fingers, lightly, delicately, he taps his fingers on an end table and he feels for something. What is it? It is something he needs, but it is not there. Then he looks up, slightly cockeyed and he thinks... his newspaper in his lap now, and he thinks this: "Now where could my pipe be?" This... I always come to this, because I was a young man, I'm older now, and I still don't have the secrets, the answers, so this question still rings true, Jon looks up and he thinks: "Now where could my pipe be?", and then it happens, you see it, you see... it's almost like divine intervention, suddenly, it is there, and it overpowers you, a cat is smoking a pipe. It is the mans pipe, it's Jon's pipe, but the cat, this cat, Garfield, is smoking the pipe, and from afar, and from someplace near, but not clear... near but not clear, the man calls out, Jon calls out, he is shocked. "Garfield!" he shouts. Garfield, the cats name. But let's take a step back. Let us examine this from all sides, all perspectives, and when I first came across this comic strip, I was at my fathers house. The newspaper had arrived, and I picked it up for him, and brought it inside. I organized his sections for him and then, yes, the comic strip section fell out from somewhere in the middle, landed on the kitchen floor. I picked up the picture pages and saw up somewhere near the top of this strip, just like Jon, I too was wearing an aquamarine shirt, so I thought, "Hah! Interesting, I'll have to see this later." I snipped out the little comic and held onto it, and 5 days later, I re-examined, and it gripped me, I needed to find out more about this. The information I had was minimal, but enough. An orange cat named Garfield. Okay, that seemed to be the linchpin of this whole operation.﻿ Yes, another clue, a signature on the bottom right corner, a mans name, Jim Davis. Yes, I'm onto it for sure, so. 1. Garfield, orange cat, and 2. Jim Davis, the creator of this cat, and that curiously plain man. I did not know at the time that his name was Jon. The strip, you see, had no mention of this mans name, and, I've never seen it before. But I had these clues. Jim Davis, Garfield. And then I saw more, I spotted the tiny copyright at the upper left corner, copyright 1978, to... what is this? Copyright belongs to a "PAWS Incorporated"? I used the local library and mail services to track down the information I was looking for. Jim Davis, a cartoonist, who created a comic strip about a cat, Garfield, and a man, Jon Arbuckle.