We recently bought a cabin (yay!) and rent it out when we are not there. The whole cabin was pretty amazing when we bought it so it didn't need much, but one thing that has always driven me crazy about rental cabins is a "sad kitchen"- cheapie old plates with weird patterns, not enough or the right pots and pans with no lids and chipped Teflon coating (eeek!), one ancient plastic beat up mixing bowl, etc. I don't know about you, but one reason we love renting cabins is that you can cook real meals and not have to eat out every night, which can get expensive really fast with kids. And, I always have mom dreams of waking up in the Smokies with the smell of waffles and bacon in the house as the kids pad around in socks, or coming home and playing a board game with a glass of wine while a chicken roasts, or cookies baking in the oven while we sit by the fire and listen to the rain, you know? So- I just got finished getting rid of ALL of those old and busted rental cabin kitchen things and stocked the kitchen with ample beautiful matching, high quality plates and settings to have an easy, graceful and inviting table, all ultra high grade stainless steel copper-bottomed Revere Ware pots and pans of all sizes- sparkling and healthy to cook with, a waffle maker, a Crock Pot (come home after a day of hiking to a hearty and healthy stew with buttered rolls? YES!), a clay roasting pot, measuring and prep tools, grilling utensils, ample and cheerful serving bowls and utensils, gleaming stainless steel mixing bowls, matching drinking glasses, wine glasses, whiskey tumblers (of course!), and- truly my favorite- colorful, all unique, one-of-a-kind, artist hand-made and signed mugs to snuggle with on the porch with coffee in the morning or by the fire with hot chocolate and feel the weight and joy of local ceramic art in your hand filled with "a warm happy". I placed a beautiful hand-thrown, artist painted and signed fruit bowl on the table, feeling real and authentic and homey and just waiting for shiny apples. I have also gone far and wide to research and purchase vintage local cookbooks- ones put out by favorite classic restaurants in the area, some of adorable local "church lady" collections from the past 100 years in east Tennessee, ones with classic Tennessee southern comfort foods, etc. so that a person can actually  cook up and taste the history and culture of the Smokies. The newly stocked kitchen is a joy! I walk in, and everything is right there- perfect and ready for everything from a gourmet meal to microwave dinners. I know not all renters are into meals in the cabin, but I hope \*some\* renters enjoy a great kitchen as well,  and no matter what, a well stocked, matching and quality kitchen makes any meal easy and pleasurable to make great food memories with people you care about in the cabin- even if its just grocery store spaghetti and love. I know its probably silly, but making giving our cabin a great kitchen made me happy. That is all.