Ever since I was little when I would look at men and women, I would always find women sooo much more attractive. Woman would make my head spin the other way around, but when I look at even the most objectively attractive man I am just like “eh he looks okay”. When I was little I would google “girls kissing” and go to the Victoria’s secret website so I could look at the models in the bra and panty ads. When my friends started talking about boys they liked, I would just make up a name of a boy that I knew other girls thought was cute so that I didn’t feel left out because I just didn’t like boys at all. I grew up in an extremely homophobic family and was always raised to believe that being gay is wrong and the word “gay” is still not even allowed to be said in my parents house so I always just pushed my feelings away and told myself that I like men and that I just couldn’t like women and that would be wrong if I did, and started dating men but I would only go by their personality to date them and was not physically attracted to them at all and people were always shocked to see who I would be dating because they thought I could “get better” but I just wasn’t attracted to them because I wasn’t attracted to any man. When I have sex with men I will occasionally throw up, and I always have to close my eyes during it and I imagine that it’s a woman. I find penises the most disgusting looking things ever too. At 18, I madeout with a couple of my friends and we just lightly felt eachother up over the clothes and I loved it but my friends identified as straight and just did it because they were drunk, and I convinced myself that I only did it for fun too and that it didn’t mean anything. I’m now 20 years old, I’m in a relationship that I’ve been in for over a year with a man who I’m not physically attracted to at all but has a really good personality. About 6 months ago I admitted to him that I was sexually curious and cried while saying it because it was the first time I’d ever said that in my life and he was supportive and said we could have a threesome to explore my feelings but he would want to be there if I decided to explore those feelings and I agreed. After we had our threesome, he said he would never have another threesome again because he got so jealous that we were so all over eachother while he just kind of sat there the whole time and he said he felt really left out and I don’t blame him for feeling that way, but it was the first time I got to experience that and in the moment it just felt so good and right. Ever since then I’ve been confused on if I’m bisexual or if I’m a lesbian, but this man is seriously the best man and so loving and so perfect and I would hate it if I was bisexual and I broke up a relationship with an amazing guy to explore my feelings, this guy wants to marry me and I would hate to throw that away if it ends up being for nothing. Like if I don’t only like woman and I like men too then I would want to be with him. I know I’m not straight, I know I definitely like woman, I just don’t know if I even like men at all or if I was just so conditioned to believe that being gay is wrong that I just told myself I was straight for so long. Thoughts?????