So I’m semi-dating this guy for the last few months. I said semi because we never really talked about being an official couple nor called each other boyfriends. But we do chat nearly everyday and try to be open with each others. We started talking during winter break and went out a few times. After winter break, I had to return to college which turned the entire thing into a long distance, and things got a bit cold between us. The distance, the time zone difference, and the fact both of us are busy people turned things pretty cold between us. This also made it kind of hard for us to talk about our relationship since both of us barely have the time to talk for long. But we tried to keep talking at least once a day, and when I am too busy, I told him so he doesn’t think I’m ignoring him. Coronavirus forced me to return home early and things turned south between us. He was stressed and I was stressed and last week things kind of imploded between us. He asked me if I actually like him and I said I like him, just not to the same level that he likes me. We both decided to take some times off between us to re-evaluate things. And we started talking again last night. This is the part where I mention we actually haven’t hook up with each others, or send nude for that matter (kind of impressive considering I was a major hoe). When we talked last night, he dropped his nude on me and one things lead to another, we had a FaceTime fun time. At the end of the whole thing, he said “I LOVE YOU” to me, and I just froze. Saying “love” was kind of a major thing for me, I never even said it to my ex and we dated for 6 months. Considering how things has been between us, I was shocked. I was really close to having an anxiety attack and literally the only thing I could said to him was “I need a shower.” I tried to text him today to talk about it but he’s been ghosting me all day. I know he can be busy but he’s also online all day. Now I’m kind of disappointed in myself and with him. We made a pact to never ghost each others and I’m kind of disappointed in him if that how he’s wanna shut everything down.