So I have always been a straight guy, only having sex with females but quite often I was thinking about giving oral to other guys. It's been going on for years but I never had a courage to do it. When I was 38( yes I know, I was waiting for too long) I have become obssesed with having gay sex. I just wanted to know how it feels to have a cock in my mouth and ass, having someone coming in my mouth. I have always been heavily precumming when thinking about it. So one day I decided to take it to the next level. I was on holiday in one of the Asian countries, downloaded Grinder, created profile and started chatting with older guys(I find them hot). So I eventually find 64 years guy, still looking good for his age. We shared pictures, I told each other what we like in bed. He said I have a nice ass and would like to rim it, I told him he can do whatever he wants with it. So we decided to meet up. He send me location of his apartment and be there at 8 pm. You cannot even imagine what was going through my head, part of me was super excited but I was also scared and almost chicken out fortunately I find a courage to go there. I call him when I was downstairs, he came down and we went to the elevator. He was tall, still fit and overall nice. We went to the his place, I asked for water and sat down on the couch. I felt hot and was sweating a little bit, he sat next to me and put his hand on my leg, I did the same. We talked for few minutes and I asked him where is the bathroom. I went it there I wash my face with cold water. Was still shaking a little bit but I was calming down. Everything completely changed when I left the bathroom. He was sitting there completely naked with his legs wide open. I looked at his penis, it was soft but big. I quickly took of my clothes and dropped on my knees in front of him. He grabbed my head with his both hand and started kissing me deeply. After about 1 minutes he leaned backwards and I started doing what I was always dreaming about. I grabbed his penis with my right hand, pull out the skin and put it in my warm mouth. Started sucking it like I have seen it in porn movies. It felt very natural and his cock was getting hard in my mouth. I was all wet down there, precumming like never before. I was moaning all the time while doing it, enjoying every second of it, realising that this is what I was born to do. His cock was completely hard and I was all over it, his balls included. After about 10 minutes he told me to stand up, turned around and bent over. He grabbed me towards him and started kissing my neck from behind, his hands were all over me and I could feel his hard cock touching my ass. We went to his bedroom, I dropped on all four and bend over, presenting him my smooth ass. He started rimming it and it felt amazing. After a while we were kissing each other passionately and he whispered to my ear"I want to fuck your ass". All I could say was "Please". He gave me a lubricant, I put some it on my fingers and and put a bit inside me while he was putting condom on. I squeeze a bit of lubricant on his cock and turned around with my ass up. There was a a mirror in front of us so I could see myself and him behind me. He puts his cock inside me very slowly, I felt a bit of discomfort when he was doing it but once it was in it started to feel nice. He was moving faster with each moment and I could feel his balls hitting my ass. It just felt great letting him fucking me hard, slapping my ass. I was moaning like a slut and begging him to fuck me harder. We changed positions but none of them felt better than doggy style. After half an hour he pulled his cock outside took of the condom and started jerking off, I was on my knees in front of him with my tongue out and mouth open. He pulled my head from behind with his both hands, his cock was inside my mouth while my hands were grabbing his ass. He moaned loudly and I could feel his warm cum in my mouth. I swallowed everything and spent next few minutes licking and sucking it passionately until it went soft. We didn't talk a lot after that, I took a shower, give him a kiss and left. Never seen him again because he left next day to another country. After the day and have had sex with hundreds of guys, many of them multiple times, must have swallowed gallons of cum. Never had sex with a woman again.