So I had been on Grindr for a few weeks kinda building up my courage to actually meet someone I guess, then one Saturday night last summer I decided I wanted to actually meet up. I logged on and as I was looking I got a message, all it said was “Hey” kinda boring, so I ignored for a bit before I got another. This time it was a pic, of the biggest black cock I had scene before. It was beautiful! I reply with “hey! How’s your night going?” You know the usual boring response. He sends back that he’s just looking to hookup so I’m like “fuck! Perfect!!” I send him a pic of my ass. He says he wants to meet and he can host at his place... I say I’ll be there in 20 min. I get dressed, just a pair of basketball shorts, tshirt and sandals and drive to the barracks. I txt him I’m there and he txt me back his room number. At this point I’m super nervous, meeting another guy, but I get to his door and knock... no answer... I wait 15 seconds and knock again. The door opens and the room is completely dark except for the silhouette of this tall black guy like 6’3” who says come in. As I come in I say hey how’s it going? Not really sure what I’m supposed to do. He says he’s good as he walks up to me and kisses me deeply then tells me to get naked on his bed, he’ll be right back. So I take off my clothes and lay on his bed. He comes back a few min later completely naked and lays next to me, I dunno what to do really so I just reach for his dick and gently stroke it and ask if I cans suck it for him. He says yes so I scoot down and put my mouth over his beautiful cock. He wasn’t hard yet but as I sucked his cock he got hard quick! After a bit he said he wanted to fuck me. I got really scared bc he was huge!! I told him he was my first and to be easy with me and he kinda laughed and said ok. He had me get on hit bed on all fours as he got behind me. I started feeling pressure against my asshole then he was in me! It hurt but felt so amazing! He started to slowly easy himself in me, in and out, deeper and deeper as I moaned, wanting him more and more. I then know I said just fuck me. Bc he started to go faster and faster I could barely handle it. It felt so good! He was going so hard and deep in me as my face was buried in a pillow screaming and moaning. After a few minutes he started talking dirty saying you like that slut, take it like a bitch, your dad would be so proud that you can take my bbc. At this point I was completely powerless, and I didn’t care! I just wanted him in me! After about 10 min of him fucking my ass he came, he thrust deep in me and moaned fuck you’re a good bitch. I felt him cum in me, I felt him fill my ass up full and it start to drip out of me! It felt so fucking good to finally feel another man use me like that! After a couple minutes he pulled out of me, told me to get dressed and get out bc he was tired. I asked if I could rest a few min, He said bitch get the fuck out and that he’d message me if he wanted to. Sadly he never did :/ but he hasn’t been the only one who’s just wanted to use me like that. Lol