I’ve been with my partner for 12 years.  I’m 48 and he just turned 50.  The road hasn’t always been easy but I wouldn’t trade him for anyone.  Our sex life is pretty regular but mostly consists of oral.  Don’t get me wrong, I really get off on worshiping his cock and balls and taking his loads deep in my throat. (Getting me hard thinking about it) I do love this man and would never want to hurt or lose him. That said, I’m way more sexual than he is and need/want more than what he gives me.  Over the course of our time together, I’ve cheated on three separate occasions, each time more hotter than the last.  The first was a late night half drunk Grindr hook up.  I was invited to walk into this guys apartment where he was laying nude on his couch. We blew each other, made out, I ate his ass, and ended with me sticking my cock in his ass.  Using a little spit for lube, it went in easy and I came almost instantly.   The second was about 5 years ago.  My partner was vacationing in Colorado with his daughter and I had the house to myself for an entire week.   I had been chatting on Grindr with a hairy 19 year old who had a thing for older guys.  Again... late night, I finally gave this kid my address.  We sat outside on my patio and it didn’t take long before his cock was in my mouth. This kid was tall and thin, and had this incredible Bush of pubic hair which really turned me on.  I wanted to do more so brought him in the house and made out.  It was so passionate and I was so turned on i literally got dizzy. I devoured his hairy ass with my face, nose and tongue.   He really got off on the scruff of my goatee rubbing against his hole.  We finished in my bed in a 69 position.  He shot so much it was all over my pillow.  The smell of his cum was amazing and I jerked off smelling that pillow case for the rest of the week.   The last encounter was in September of last year.  I had gone on an out of state weekend trip with a female friend who had to attend an conference for work.  The day of her conference i took off by myself and went to the casino.  Grindr on, I was getting taps and messages left and right.  It wasn’t long before i was chatting with a guy who was also traveling from out of state and was visiting his mother.  He claimed to be married and I had little reason to doubt it. (Wedding ring and all).  After a bit of chatting we decided to meet.  With no place to go, we met in a Staples parking lot.  I jumped in his SUV and we traded head for a good half hour.  This guy was Hot!  Very masculine. Somewhere between burly and fit. Dark hair. A perfect full dark beard.  Tattoos.  And a very fat cock and full Bush... my favorite.  And the Smell of that Bush was intoxicating.  He was turned on yet nervous as it was broad daylight... so he had a hard time nutting from head.  So we finished by jerking each other off.  I came first and that really turned him on so it wasn’t but a minute later and he shot. It was all over my hand and could help but taste it.  Let me tell you... it was fucking delicious.  Fast forward to the present and I’ve got the itch. Been “hitting the slopes” a bit lately and it makes me so damn horny I can barely stand it. Been jerking off multiple times a day fantasizing about it. If it wasn’t for this Coronavirus I’m sure i would have had a  cock in my mouth already this week.  A co worker of my partner stopped over earlier tonight. He’s a straight guy. Rugged biker type. Extremely good looking and very married.  However... he does alot of blow, and the past couple times I’ve been around him he’s talked about going home and having his wife suck his cock.  My partner and I are both straight acting and few suspect we are gay.  We are both divorced dads... so it kinda makes sense that we cloud be just roommates.  I want to blow this guy in the worst way. And can’t help but wonder if it’s some kind of hint. Probably would never act on it because it could go horribly wrong.  But if I could find an guy like him who was wiling... I would be a dirty cock and cum pig for him for as long as he Would let me.  My cock has been hard the entire time I’ve been typing this.  I suspect that when I go to bed tonight... I’ll be on the search for a masculine hairy rugged dude to cam with.  Not the same as having a cock in my mouth... but I know I’ll shoot a big load!