So my fantasy would start with me and my boyfriend on a kind of long road trip. We’d stop at a truck stop rest area sort of place late at night. He goes into the bathroom while I stretch my legs and walk around the car. I notice 3 truckers walk into the bathroom shortly after him but don’t really think much of it. A couple minutes later I start to get nervous because my bf has been in there for a while with these truckers. So I start walking towards the bathroom to check on him. When I walk in I can’t believe what I see. My boyfriend is on his knees in this dirty bathroom surrounded by 5 truckers with their cocks out. A couple truckers notice me and then so does my bf. He says hey babe. Sorry but these guys are just so hot. I need them to use me. I’m shocked but my cock is getting hard. Two of the truckers grab me and they start stripping me down to my briefs. They laugh when they see that I’m wearing some superhero boys briefs. They end up tying my hands above my head to a urinal and I’m now sitting on the floor in just my briefs tied up watching them use my boyfriend. My bf tells me how good and musky they smell from being on the road. My bf is sucking them going from cock to cock. One of them says he wants to fuck my bf. I can tell my bf wanted it. He lets the truckers strip him as well. He gets on his hands and knees. And the trucker who’s going to fuck him first comes over to me and makes me get his cock wet. “That’s all the lube you’re boy is gonna get so get it nice and wet for him!” He says while I slobber on his cock. He pulls his now dripping wet cock from my mouth and goes back over to my bf who is wiggling his ass begging the trucker to slide his raw cock in him. I can hear my bf moan on the cock in his mouth while the trucker slides in. This truckers cock is so much bigger than mine. I can tell my bf is loving every thrust in. The other truckers are asking how his ass. The one using him says really tight. “His boyfriend over there isn’t packing much so I’m sure I’m getting in there deeper than he’s used to!” The trucker says throwing a glance over at me. My cock is so hard. I start to beg them to untie me but they just laugh. “Why don’t we shut the fag up. Bet your briefs are pretty ripe. Why don’t you shove them in his mouth.” One of the truckers comes over and shoves his dirty underwear in my mouth to shut me up. My cock gets even harder being gagged with his underwear. The guy fucking my bf pulls out and the guy my boyfriend has been sucking goes back there to take his turn. He slides in and starts pounding. My bf is moaning but soon a cock is shoved in his mouth to keep him quiet. The first guy who was fucking him comes back over to me and tells me to taste my bfs ass on his dick. He pulls the undies out of my mouth and I start licking and sucking his cock. “His hole is still pretty tight. But I’m sure he’ll be gaping by the time we finish here.” I hear the guy fucking him say. A couple minutes later and another switch. And once again another guy comes up and makes me taste my bf on his dick. I then hear one of the guys moaning. I look over and my bf is rimming his hairy sweaty hole. Soon all the guys want my bf to rim them. Then I hear another guy moaning and telling my bf he’s about to cum. I hear my boyfriend begging him to cum in his ass. And the trucker complies. One last deep thrust and his cum is filling my boyfriends hole.   He pulls out and walks towards me. I already know his plans. I open my mouth and lick any remaining cum off his dick. But then I’m surprised when he starts pissing on me. He soaks me and thanks me for being his urinal. He gets dressed, thanks the other truckers and heads out. I look over and see my bf climbing on top of a guy. He’s starting to ride him and then I see another one of the truckers getting behind my bf to slide in. I watch on in amazement as my bf is double penetrated by these dirty truckers. It doesn’t take long for them to both shoot their loads in my bf. They too come over and make me clean their cocks and then piss on me. Then the last two truckers slide into him as well. They fuck him as hard as they can. I can hear my bf moaning loud telling me how hard they’re fucking him and him telling me how loose his hole will be by the time they cum in him. One trucker comes first and pulls out. The last guy to cum is the same trucker that fucked him first. Once the trucker that just came in him was done using me as his urinal I see their ring leader walking over with my boyfriend crawling on his hands and knees to me. He crawls through the soaking wet floor from the truckers piss and we start making out while the trucker slides back into my bf. Fucking him as close to me as he can get. “Wow your his hole sure has opened up for us. He’s been craving a real man’s cock ever since you two started dating. My buddies and I were happy to supply him with that.” The trucker says as he pounds away at my bfs now loose and cum filled fuck hole. I hear the trucker start to moan and see him thrust into my bf one last time before he adds his load to my bfs full hole. He pulls out and me and my bf both lick him clean. He unties me, tells my boyfriend to turn around and pushes me on my hands and knees. He makes me crawl over to my bfs hole which is leaking cum. He shoves my face in it and makes me lick as much cum out of him as I can. He starts to get dressed as my bf and I lay on the bathroom floor. He starts to walk off and says “Oh! Almost forgot!” He walls over to the sink counter and grabs his phone. It’s been recording the whole time. “I’ll be sure to send your bf the link after I post it online. I’m sure you two will want to jerk off to this.” He looks at my bf “Hope we can do this again!” He says and then walks out of the bathroom.