This happened to me a few months back.. am a late 20s Hispanic guy with an adopted Mormon family. My adopted Dad is in his early 40s. He's a very nerdy, but handsome looking guy. Runner with a hairy dad body. Back to the story.. the day I arrived to visit my family it was hot as hell, so I naturally dressed out and put one of my jockstraps on, had been wearing it all day even until I took a jog later in the evening when it cooled down. Upon returning the rest of the family was getting ready for bed and I went up to shower and change out. Not paying too much attention I forgot to pick up my work out clothes and jockstrap after getting out of the shower. Went to bed that night not thinking anything of it. When I woke in the morning I went downstairs, grabbed a drink and went to sit out on the front deck and read the news. A few minutes later my Dad comes out with his hands in his pocket, and seems to be holding onto something in his right pocket as it was bulged out. I looked at him and said "What's up?" He replied "Just picking up and getting started on laundry, also is this yours?" He then proceeds to pull my jockstrap out of his right pocket. The one I spent all day sweating in and leaking my pre cum all over in his hands, and holding onto it tightly. I immediately apologized and grabbed then from his hand and put it underneath my leg. Then he followed up with "Never seen one of those before". I could see the curiosity in his face, to which I responded "they're great for working out in, keeps everything in place, but not sure Mormons are able to wear these, haha" he chuckled, turned around and went back in the house. The entire time this exchange was happening my cock was leaking precum like crazy and was so hard. Immediately went up to my room and blew the biggest load at the thought of my Dad handling my jockstrap and possibly getting a whiff of his sons musk and sweat. This is just one of a few occurrences that have transpired between him and I.. want to take the next step with him