My girlfriend and I have been having a rough time recently. Things are starting to smooth over, today everything was going so well! Up until we were about to fall asleep together on the phone. We got into it about something trivial which we have conflicting opinions on, and by the end of it she just got really frustrated me hung up on me. She’s explained to me before as to why she does that but I never requested for her to tell me or give me a warning before she does so. After she hung up, I called her back and I asked her if she could start giving me a small heads up as to when she’s going to do that. She proceeds to tell me every time she tells me that she’s frustrated I always ask her why and want to talk about it when she doesn’t; even after explicitly telling me she doesn’t want to talk about it I’ll sit silently on the line and then try to bait a conversation. So rather than dealing with that whole thing she’s trying to be considerate of my feelings and deal with it on her own by hanging up on me. But tonight after we had that conversation I had told her that I was sorry for frustrating her so much, at that point I didn’t expect a response, a moment later I blurted out “hey” (in a soft aggressive tone), to which I received no response, then a few moments later I told her that I love her. I didn’t mean for this to be manipulative to bait her into conversation, I literally did it to try and lighten the mood. She went off and told me that this is exactly what she wanted to avoid, I’m being manipulative because I’m baiting her into conversation when she had just called me out for doing it, that I’m extremely predictable and she just accepts that “this is who I am” and she won’t expect any different from me. I can’t explain my perspective or give my reasoning behind my actions because I have a tendency to over explain often, which leads me to look defensive. I see where she is coming from but it also hurts to hear her say I’m predictable and she accepts me for what I am and doesn’t expect any more than what I give. I know the last leg of that statement sounds insane- I should be absolutely thrilled to hear my girlfriend loves me for who I am!- it just hurt in the way she said it. She said it as if she were settling, that what I have to give isn’t satisfying her needs and what she wants. I feel so stuck and I don’t know what to do here, I don’t know how to make things better. I want to make things better because she’s truly amazing, but now she’s so frustrated and upset with me that she doesn’t want to see me tomorrow. I’m actually still on the line with her and we’re both dead silent. I just want to know how the hell to get myself out of this pickle because I feel so motionless and I hate it. How can I comfort her? Reassure her that i truly understand? How can I explain my side of things without sounding so defensive? I just want to make things right but I feel like I’m constantly fucking up and stumbling over everything. Please help me if you can I’d be extremely grateful.