When I was 22, I was had just moved into my own place and started exploring my sexuality with hookups. One guy Bill, who was 28 was into CMNM. I didn't really know what to expect, we agreed on a time and place to meet. We meet up in at a nearby mall at 8 pm in the food court. We chat about what he wanted me to do and I was a bit hesitant at first. We go into one of the stores and go to a fitting room. He walks over to me lifts my shirt over my head and drops it on the floor. I can feel myself getting nervous as he touches my chest and as he unbuttons my shorts. He can feel my heart racing as he unzipped them and fall to my feet. The bulge in my jockey y-fronts is very noticeable. He gives my cock a nice rub before pulling them down. Sitting me down on the bench in the booth, Slipping my shorts and jockeys off. He then gathers my clothes and leaves the booth. I sit there naked and shaking from being nervous and excited. He comes back empty handed and tells me that he placed my stuff in another booth and I must go bring them back to this one before getting dressed. I quickly searched for my clothes which were in the furthest booth from me. I gather my stuff and returned to the starting booth and get dressed. We leave that store and to home goods store. I follow him around and he leads me to back of the store where large area rugs are hung in a displayed like giant pages in a book. He walks into the display and turns to me and proceeds to undress me. Leaving my clothes in a pile he has me close my eye and place my hands on his shoulders. He guides me further back behind the display and behind the labyrinth of shelves. We stop and I am told to open my eyes, we are at another entrance to this maze. He tells me to find my way back as he exits. I creep my way back getting lost a couple of times. When I return to the rug display my clothes have been moved out of the display and placed on to a shelf where anyone could just walk of with them. I nervously poke my head out and check around and dash to grab my stuff and back into the rugs to get dressed. I leave the store and find Bill waiting for me. The mall is close to closing and he wants to do one more thing. I follow him to the restroom room where I was undressed and left in a stall naked for about 30 minutes. He returned with a shopping bag of clothes for me to wear. A tight fitting t shirt and green short shorts. After getting dressed we walked around the mall for a bit with me sporting a noticeable bulge and I asked about what he did my clothes and stuff. He said it was in a safe place. He takes me to his truck and ask me to hop in. He tells me to get naked again, after getting naked he hands me my keys a drove me to near where my car is parked. I get out of the truck and quickly duck and drip behind the cars until I reach mine. In the driver seat I find my wallet and phone. I checked the backseat and see my clothes. I grabbed them, to find that they had been cut to shreds. I sit there for a few minutes thinking "fuck". I look up and see people leaving the mall after it had closed. I quickly drive out of there and made my way home. When I got home, I noticed I had a message from Bill, “Thanks for showing up, I hope you want to hang out again. 😉. Sorry about your clothes, I couldn’t resist thinking about you having to ride home naked. Love your undies. I kept those. Hope we can try something else.”