I used Reddit to search guys in my area, I’ve been struggling with my sexuality/sissy/gay side and boredom all quarantine. This one guy hit me up and we traded snaps and after talking on Reddit at like 1030 he says he can stop by, I say sure but I’m SUPER nervous, I get I teeny tiny bit high and watched some porn to get in the mood and relax. I prepared my self a little, going to the bathroom, putting in some sexy ish panties, freshening up. It didn’t help much but next thing you know I’m standing out side (with my whole family inside still inside rn) and the car pulls up behind these two big trees on my lawn and he turns off the car, now public and entering a strangers car aren’t things I would usually do but he had a good vibe throughout the whole thing. I was rly scared approaching the car but I got in anyway. We said a few words then he started kissing and touching me and I let myself calm down. I started touching him back now, he then asked if I wanted to pull my shorts down and we both did together. He touched me and we kissed again then he asked if I wanted to suck, so I did. I sucked him for a while and he wanted to touch me so I was in his passenger seat on my knees with his cock in mouth and my ass in the air, he’s alternating from groping my balls and cock and ass and fingering. It slows a bit and I check my phone and surrounding area but everything seems fine. I said I might have to go soon cause my courage was faltering but I knew deep down I enjoyed his cock in my mouth and finger in my ass, I especially enjoyed his calmer chill personality and him spanking and groping me in public (tho I wish he did it harder🥺). He says that’s cool and he says wanna bust? While stroking his cock and I say fuck it to my self and suck him off until he cums, I honestly didn’t think he had cum at first cause I was expecting to keep going for longer but I swallowed him and sat up. We gathered our selves then just said bye and went on our way. I’m this pretty hot guy with a mild rep in school rn and I wanna be straight and everyone thinks I am. But I rly also struggle with liking guys taking me, I had one guys cum shot in my mouth in public already and he’ll prolly want more not including the one or two others I found. I keep trying to stay straight but end up re downloading this app to see more sissy/get stuff...🥵🥺 any advice?