I friended a waiter from Olive Garden on fb months ago because he told me he sold bootleg shoes which I was interested in but thats beside the point - anyway I noticed this shrek look-alike chick reply to his being alone on Valentines day post on facebook and he was responding with hearts im thinking ohh damnnn this chick is gonna make her move so I quickly hit him up quick on fb messenger half joking I said "hey before you settle on that chick let me take a ride" with a wink emoji - yes im that cheesy haha. Also he doesnt work at olive garden anymore so my odds of never seeing him again if this went bad were pretty good. He responds saying he would never hit that shes not his type and that he didnt know I was into guys and that hes not gay but asked if I wanted to come over and have a few beers. I knew I was in!!! He gave me his address which was in a old apartment in a shady part of town but whatever part of the adventure right! - so I go into his place, hes cooking tatertot caserole which was god awful but I didnt want to be rude so I ate some with him and we watched 2 episodes of the Mandalorian. He was wearing blue pajama pants and I saw his dickprint everytime he stood up or walked back towards me sitting on the couch.. Hes in great shape, slim with a 4 pack and short brown hair. I sat there next to him on the couch and just found subtle ways of touching him and before I knew it he and I were making out with this furious passion it actually kinda hurt because he was grinding into my face but the next thing I know hes sitting in my lap and im pulling off his pajama pants and his 6 inch thick af cock is being stuffed onto my mouth. Hes completely shaved and his low hanging balls were slapping against my chin as he facefukkedd me for about 5mins. He wanted to do more but we didnt have condoms and I wasnt seriously thinking i'd be this lucky to get fukkked so i wasnt ready so we went to his bedroon and i blew him on his bed and we fell asleep. He wasnt interested in blowing me or even getting me undressed so i figured this was a selfish move on his part but im okay with no reciprocation his nut was nice and he shot most right down my throat so i couldnt taste it much. I got up to leave this morning and left him there passed out on his bed, came home typed this up now im going to bed - good times!!! Im hoping he hits me up again soon