So I (M21) have been seeing this girl (F19) for 2 months and we were really close. We had sex a couple of times and it was amazing. She is a petite blonde with a great ass. We hanged out a lot at the house and we both enjoyed her company. I was still sucking my roommates (M20) thick 9inch cock whenever he would let me, but one day he decided to embarrass me. So Taylah and I were sitting on the couch making out while he was in the shower, when he came out he was wrapped in a towel but he was hard as fuck so his cock poking through and Taylah gasped and said holy shit. My roommate looked down and said back oh you like my cock, your bf loves it too. My roommate started to walk closer to me as Taylah and him were having a conversation about the size of his dick, and he was jacking himself off in front of us at this point, I couldn’t help but lick my lips when it was so close to my face. After standing there for a minute chatting he put his hand on the back of my head and pulled me in as I opened my mouth and started sucking him in front of my date, she had a shocking look on her face as she watches me suck his amazing cock. I look up to see the smile on his face while talking to Taylah about how much I prefer his cock to her pussy and laughing about it, but Taylah was just staring at me sucking my roommate trying to get him to cum as quick as possible. But of course him being him had other plans, grabbed Taylah by the hair and pulled her towards his cock. Now he is asking her if she wants to suck his cock, she didn’t say anything she was just looking at him. He took his Vick out of my mouth and rubbed it against her lips as she opened her mouth and started sucking him. The first couple of minutes she was getting her face fucked trying to take him as he is trying to get her to admit she enjoys sucking him over me, but he stopped fucking her mouth and she started to really suck him I could even hear her moaning. That’s when he started teasing her again saying “you like sucking this dick” she didn’t care anymore she said mm hmm and kept sucking not once taking her mouth off his cock. He started playing with her tits through her too as I started to play with her pussy through her leggings she was wet as hell. This was the start of her first Threesome.