I read stories here all the time and have thought about posting many times but have never gone through with it. I think I’ll post a story here and see if anyone likes it, if so I can write more. (Sorry if my writing sucks) So flash back to my senior year of high school about 9 years ago, when I was still a closeted teenager at 5’10 180 pounds dark brown hair blue eyes I want in amazing shape but had some muscle tone and not to brag but a great ass. I had a friend who we’ll call Brandon. Brandon was around an inch taller than myself with short dirty blonde hair, blue eyes, weigh around 160 pounds with a great body and was a track star and a bit of loud out going person while I was more of a to myself introvert. We became friends through mutual friends and slowly became more closer to each other. One night we were at a friends house playing monopoly, which always turns into a shit show. I was winning and Brandon landed on one of my properties. He didn’t have enough to pay to he said “What if I show you my dick. Can we call it even?” I jokingly said “Yeah, sure. Prostitution for rent sounds fair!” And he stands up and whips it out in front of me and everyone proudly and says “Free rent. Maybe next time you can pay me and to touch it!” While a little in shock we all awkwardly laughed it off. After that night I kept thinking back to seeing his dick and it always got me super horny, I figured it was a one and done type deal, that is until one night he called me around 11 at night asking for a ride home from work. I roll out of bed and get dressed and go to pick him up from work, once there he jumps in my car telling me I’m a life saver since our other friend who was supposed to get him want answering his text. I tell him I don’t mind helping but I expect some sort of payment in a joking way. He tells me he that he doesn’t have any money on him for gas he’ll happily reward me the monopoly way. I tell him I appreciate the offer but it would have to wait until after I’m done driving to get the full affect. He then tells me that he has a better idea. I hear his pants unzip and he grabs my hand and says “Get ready for the best payment of your hand.” He pulls my hand towards his crotch and puts it on his soft dick and makes me squeeze it. I became extremely hard but wanted to play it off and all I could say was “I guess you’re not as well endowed as the rumors I’ve heard from ex girlfriend....” he sternly tells me that you can’t judge it while it’s soft. But if I want to feel it for real I need to stroking it and laughs pushing my hand away and putting it away.  Then we pull up to his house and he gets out thanking me again for the ride. This is the first of a very long story. All real. If anyone wants more let me know!