I'm wondering I took a look at my matches on ancestrydna of this surprise family I had on 23andme and then it basically shared what I couldn't see on ancestrydna with trace regions. They all have around .4% ghanaian heritage and I usually shared my portuguese roots on my 16th chromosome. Now what was always weird was that my dad's Louisiana side was creole on the dad's side. They are only every now and then related to that side. But these people usually claimed to be cajun. I'm sorry but I'm not from the area I never really knew what cajun was anyway. So it's hard to understand the difference. But this now makes more sense in the sense I counted back and realized a great great great great grandparent would probably be about 1/4-1/3 Ghanaian if I was related through that relative. That makes a lot more sense than them being completely another ethnicity. Because for me I don't from directly white people I come from mgm. So that really threw me for a loop. But I also don't get what the difference with cajun and creole is? My grandma's side was supposed to not be creole. But I don't get if she's Islenos portuguese and spanish and african and possibly french descent according to the test and her matches. From that region and from the Acadians. Then how is she not creole? And how are the matches on her side cajun? Are there mixed race cajuns and if so what is the difference with creole? I have no idea of louisiana people btw my grandma was not even born there and my grandma doesn't like me we don't talk and she claims I don't exist so I really have no idea about the culture and people. Because I got raised by my mom and her family. Are cajuns just less african than like creoles? Basically and more european? Or is it just like after the whole census thing did some creoles just call themselves cajun so they wouldn't have to say they were black? Because down my joseph line that is creole they were like black people 50-60% my great great grandfather alfred joseph was at first mulatto in the census then I think they made them change or something and all of a sudden he was black. Is that basically why people like my great grandma were not considered creole because they had to chose and was Cajun like the white option for lighter or more european creoles? In some cases? Also what is the average genetic composition for a creole and a cajun person? I'm just curious. Or did creoles normally pass as cajuns? And why didn't my great grandma's family not pass? Also I have a question in inheritance? Why did I unevenly inherit a whole bunch of european on my 16th chromosome more than my other chromosomes? And why am I only related to some of these relative through only one chromosome?