Every year there’s a field trip that the whole music department (orchestra, chorus, and band) at my middle school goes on. Each year, the location of the field trip alternates between Hershey Park, and Busch Gardens. I went to Hershey Park last year, on May 31st, 2019. I’m not a rollercoaster person, but I wanted to experience the trip nonetheless. However, the trip wasn’t well organized. Nobody really had any time to go on the rides, since the lines were extremely long. I only went on 2 rides, the bumper cars, and a ride that explains how the chocolate at Hershey is made, but I only got to enjoy the latter in full. There was a traffic jam at the bumper cars ride that ruined the entire thing. There was also an awards ceremony in the middle of the trip, and it took up an hour. We had to perform in front of judges, a few hours prior to the award ceremony, in a competition between the other middle schools, which also took time out of the trip. My dad, who was chaperoning, wasn’t very happy about this, and was getting angry, because we had to pay $120 for this. My dad was never a fan of amusement parks in the first place, he hates the summer, and he doesn’t like supervising other people’s kids, but he wanted to be with me during the trip. He was complaining about it near the beginning of the trip, but he definitely wasn’t as angry as he was near the end of the trip. He kept saying that he felt like shooting someone (he always keeps his gun with him), and while I doubt that he would’ve actually done that, it was making me feel uncomfortable, so I tried calming him down, and he ended up doing so. My dad is very easy to upset, and he isn’t really the best father that I could ask for, but he still provides for our family, and I have to thank him for that. However, as we were on our way back to the school (where my dad’s car was parked), the bus broke down on the side of the road. It was night time at this point, and my dad just wanted to sleep. My dad was getting angry again, and he started cursing while my orchestra teacher, other chaperones, and other students were in the bus. Nobody commented on it, but I’m not sure if that means nobody noticed. Anyways, the other 2 buses came to pick us up, and half of us had to go in the band bus, and the other half had to go in the chorus bus. I was in the half that went on the chorus bus. Throughout the rest of the drive back, my dad was a lot calmer, and I heard the chorus kids talking with their teacher, and it was enjoyable to listen in on their conversations. Despite everything that went wrong, it was still an enjoyable trip to me. The Busch Gardens field trip was supposed to be better organized. We were going on the buses before school hours. The judged performance was going to be earlier. The awards ceremony was going to be near the end of the trip. Overall, we were going to have more time at the actual attraction. But, all I’m going to be doing now is staying home, and attending my online classes. It’s sad to think about what could’ve been.