I am sick and tired of everything. Adults say that we are being coddled and that we are too sensitive because we didn’t go through life experiences to shape us. We are living a much different childhood than they did. I am living in the first internet generation. I am not ‘sensitive’ because my parents never let me have the “life-shaping” experiences they did. My parents never coddled me or kept me from learning about the world. They did their best with the tools they had. They never kept me from experiencing life. If anything, my generation has become desensitized. Because we can access the internet and have been for all our lives, we have been able to learn anything we wanted. The internet has shaped our lives in ways that the other generations have not experienced. We have grown up with seeing all of the problems in the world, all the time, at a simple click of a button. We have essentially been exposed to all of the bad of the world, without the necessary coping skills. We have grown numb to the hate in the world. Many of us have expected that the world is inherently a bad place because we see far more bad than good. We are not sensitive because we were never allowed to see the world. We have seen far more of the world at this point in our lives than the previous generations have when they were our age. We see how the media treated the Millennial's, calling them names for being sensitive. They portrayed Millennial's as people who couldn’t cope with the “real world” and had to be coddled to “protect” themselves. The Millennial's are products of baby boomers, those who thrived in America. They were brought up with an idealistic outlook on life. When they grew up they realized that the world had become a darker place. They are not blamed for being upset that the lives their parents had and they were promised, were out of the picture in today’s climate. We have grown up being told that the world is “ending” and everything has gone to shit. We watched the millennial's dreams be crushed, so we learned not to have any. We are not sensitive because we didn’t play outside as children or learn life “the hard way”. We aren’t sensitive at all. We have learned what some might have learned in a lifetime, too young. We don’t have the skills older generations do to cope with what we are seeing. We are the generation of change. We don’t tolerate the hate on anyone. If that means that “comedy is dead” because we don’t think sexist or racist jokes are funny, then that’s on improvement. We don't tolerate the oppression of anyone, whether it be by race, religion, sex, gender, or anything else. We are in the generation where living the life that you want gets you targeted. We want to end the hate in the world. Because maybe, just maybe, we can have a future worth living. We are products of the internet. We are done with the bullshit of the world.