I've been dealing with LPR for over a year. Started after Christmas of 2019, little bit of burning throat here and there when I smoked weed (being honest) - very good if you have OCD. (keep this in mind, I have been a coffee drinker and on anti anxiety meds for many many years, as well as am someone who always ate before bed). So I stopped smoking any weed (legal where I live). Anyways, stopped that, stopped casually drinking. But it still progressed. Was super stressed at work (while no longer smoking), then in May I had two really bad days of full on acid reflux, could not lie down without it burning my chest and throat (but keep in mind my overall throat health was still at a better level than now, after constant lpr). Then in the summer I was getting a sore throat (thinking it was just my post nasal drip causing it - still not knowing about my developing condition), so I would just suck on lozenges before bed. My voice was going in and out and was hoarse, and I stopped drinking as much coffee. Through this time period, my chest tension and back pain got progressively worse, more severe from April 2019 to --now. Heart palpitations, full on. Heart beating so fast and sore chest when I exercised. Wheezing, burning throat to talk, burning throat to breath. Breathing was getting worse. Okay, so it's now September 2019, I go to the doctor and he puts me on  PPI's and an inhaler. Didn't start taking the PPI's cause I read too many bad things about them. Last week of September, get my allergies tested for the first time in my life, next day, wake up with INTENSE bloating, throat burn, chest burn, fatigue, sore chest, hard to breath deeply, burns to breath, burns to talk. (did try PPI's for 3 weeks and they did nothing) So... here I am, almost 8 months later after what I think was the tipping point into hell, and my throat is getting worse. If I eat anything spicy accidentally I feel my throat is raw and it burns!!!. Goes without saying, I have not been smoking anything for months, nor drinking coffee, nor alcohol, nothing. My ears ache, my throat is sore, my chest is sore, i'm so tired.. ugh.. this is not living. I've been sucking on black licorice which is soothing, slippery elm tea, black licorice tea, marshmallow tea, chamomile tea, but admittedly not doing everything I could. sometimes I eat stuff I should not. I have no longer been eating within 3 hours before going to bed, and have raised my bed 6-8 inches. I bought Tama something's reflux protocol online but it is very very strict and I have yet to do it full fledge which I should. Broccoli is good. steamed of course. Low fat is essential as high fat, high protein causes your gut to release more acid to digest the food. My main problem is my malfunctioning LES (yes I know my lifestyle contributed, but still, hindsight 20/20 - plus I'm 35 now, this did not happen overnight). Now I just want to heal. Upping my vit D, looking into Melatonin as it is said to strengthen LES (no longer on anti-anxiety - the two don't mix), probiotics, etc. While Kombucha is great for gut health, I think that is why I'm in such rough shape right now. You see, with LPR, you cannot have anything acidic or it acitivates the pepsin. I have been loving my B12 Boosting bucha, but the carbonation is bad bad bad, and the acid is bad bad bad. So I will post in two weeks without my bucha, and trying to stick to a very high PH, low acid diet, while following all the other LPR rules and let you guys know. Please keep posting, we are in this together, nobody wants to feel like this. .nobody.