Last night, I met up with my “first love” after months of no communication. We were never in a serious relationship, it was more of a situationship. I had many firsts with him, including sex. I really liked him like I had never liked someone. After we first had sex, he changed completely. He stopped communicating with me. Then, he slept with other girls and would hit me up months after. It became a cycle. I remember I got fed up emotionally one time and opened up to him about how I felt towards him. I loved him. He thought I was rude and not humble. It hurt the moment he blocked me the first time after that emotional conversation. It felt like the end of the world. I couldn’t stop crying for months and felt so depressed. I then used my guy friend as a rebound and hurt him and me. I became so cold and would hook up with whomever I wanted. Then, my “first love” unblocked me and once again, I fell into a cycle of sex, vulnerability, blocking and reconciliation. After 2 years of this, I chose to never pursue him again when he last blocked me. Well, last night, outta the blue he texted me. I was curious because it’s been about a year since we haven’t spoken. He basically unblocked me. We met up (and I understand there’s a pandemic) and we had sex. He finished within 2 minutes and I didn’t get off. We didn’t kiss either. It was empty sex. I left and the last thing I told him was “take care”. On my way home, I felt disappointed and disgusted at myself because I had broken my promise of never pursuing him again. How did I allow this immature dude control my emotions for so long? Why did I allow myself to hook up with him despite his repetitive blocking behavior? I know he doesn’t want a relationship but the past me still dreams of that. Anyway, I BLOCKED HIM THIS TIME. I deleted his number. I don’t have him on social media. I stopped stalking him online almost a year ago. I was forgetting about him when he reappeared and I let myself fall again. And that’s ok. He’s not worth my energy and I’ve promised myself to never speak to him again. I have chosen to close this chapter in my life and have chosen to forgive myself.