I met this guy on Tinder & we met up and it was really casual at first. Met up again and we hit it off that time. Started dating and hanging out at least 3 to 4 times a week. We didn’t start having sex until about a month to two months. We both expressed mutual feelings of liking eachother, at a lot of times he actually started the conversation, and we both agreed we could see ourselves dating one another a long. Early December, I had a mental breakdown of my own that ended up with me being in the hospital on one night suicidal watch. He seemed to listen, not totally understanding and didn’t speak on it much, but bc he picked me up from the hospital and met my mom that same day, I felt like  he kinda was the one. In my time of extreme vulnerability with my mental state, I “found” happiness in him and relied on that. Never had I ever dated a guy that seemed so understanding of my mental fallbacks and willing to listen. Fast forward, mid  December his apartment is broken into and all his things and gifts are stolen, including “mine”. Then when he goes home and visits family for Xmas he comes back for work he finds out he is fired... basically moves out his apartment, gives the rental car back up, and moves back to SC with his mother. At this point we are still in touch & he even comes to visit one time when he never showed up the night he was supposed to and I was worried sick about him. Calls me the next day just asking “wyd” and I was very upset that he didn’t even try to explain what happened to him the night before he was to supposed to come over after he drive into town and I cooked for him. I forgave him, he cane over and we spent the day together. I told him my feelings were hurt and he seemed somewhat dismissive of it and kept saying “I told you I fell asleep”. A week later he disappears for almost a week, contacts me on FB saying his phone was broken & gives me his mother number for if it happens again and as I was so worried. Sometimes I would tell him I felt he didn’t make an effort to contact me the way I did him... but I tried to bite my tongue mostly since I knew he was going through a lot and could tell he was done about being unemployed. I did have those feelings about him contacting even before he lost his job though. I’ve sent money,  helped find jobs, set up linked in accounts and tried to be the most comforting & supporting I could be. He told me numerous times he would move back and wanted to be with me and we were planning trips,etc. olenty of times he would say how he could tell I cared and he’s glad we have gotten so far. one night I texted him again about our communication as far as him reaching out, explaining calmly, so he wouldn’t dismiss me and he doesn’t reply. I call the next day and ask him about it and he becomes super frustrated and quite... then I get frustrated, said “eff it” , and I hang up the phone. Two days later he sends a message after ignoring my calls and messages saying “I don’t want us to be over but you frustrated me the other day and really pissed me off hanging up the phone like that” after that... nothing. Tried contacting like crazy, yeah I know, bad on my part. Even messaged his mom once to see if he was just okay or indeed ignoring me... he was definitely ok according to her. I’ve come to the fact he doesn’t want to speak to me... I’ve unfriended him on everything.  My question is.. am I totally at fault for being ghosted ? I felt he could have said he isnt ready for a relationship and he can’t deal with me right now with what all he has going on around him. I forgot to say... he had a son so I know the stress was big. I just feel so hurt to have my “happiness” yanked away like that and to deal with feeling worthless bc I don’t even deserve an explanation. I’m still struggling with my mental state & now I feel doomed for everything I ever wished as far as jobs & relationships go... not to mention I’m in healthcare and isolated from my family bc of Covid and dealing with immense stress of covid patients at work.