So in my first post on this subreddit I talked about an experience I had 2 or 3 days before I made the post, well it happened again but.. it was much more.... demonic, and this time.... I saw something. This happened last night, it was about an hour after everyone had turned in for the night so it roughly 11:00, maybe 11:30, I'm not to sure but it was somewhere around that time. I was working on a custom I started a few days ago when it started, I heard a man that sounded like my father yelling my name from outside the house just like last time except... It sounded closer to my room then it had the last time, be which I mean, it started in our backyard, not by the garage like last time, but like last time it went around the house and got inside and this is where it starts getting demonic, instead of first hearing my mother scream followed by my aunt and nana (grandmother) starting to scream as well it was all of them... All of them started screeching at the exact same time, it sounded like all the screams where coming from the same creature, they had to be they where to in sync to be coming from separate beings! and I no longer heard the mans voice, all I heard was the still in sync and now distorted screeches and cries of my mother, aunt, and nana. Soon the screams stopped, I then heard something in my backyard, and despite all common sense... I looked out my window (of course, classic white person in a horror movie/show move) I saw what at first glance looked like a homeless woman that somehow got into my backyard, maybe to hide? She was on her knees, leaning forward, and I thought she was crying, I mean, it sounded like she was crying. I then noticed something... "bone chilling", even though that the "woman" was on her knees leaning downward.... She was almost the same height as me, AND I'M 5'7!!!! It was at this point I realized that this creature, it wasn't human. Everything then fell silent.... That.... Thing then took a deep inhale, and let out a demonic laugh, the laugh sounded like the screams from earlier, it was the laughs of my mother, aunt, and nana in sync and was horrifically distorted, I then grabbed a knife that I had in my room (as I'm a cutter) and ran back to my window at what felt like the speed of light, that... Monster was now facing my window crouched down still leaning downward, and still... laughing.... It didn't stop laughing for a second, it then looked up at me now laughing through its teeth.... It saw me........ I was... frozen, paralyzed in fear. All I could do..... was look, then... another, yes another leaped over the fence that separated my backyard from the backyard of someone I used to be friends with, this one was a male (I think, I mean... it had the skin and torn cloths of one) both had to be at least 8 - 11 feet tall, and I just.... stood there and looked at them, their skin falling off their bones, eyes frosted over and to big for their heads starring back at me..... what felt like hours though it was really only minutes later, they looked at each other then back at me still frozen now tears falling down my face, they then turned around... and left. I was then able to move again.... I darted to the other side of my room and flipped the lights on I sat on my bed... still holding the knife, I nervously put my knife on my dresser which is next to my bed, and lied down I then looked at my clock and realized... all this had happened in just about 30mins it was 12:03am, I didn't fall asleep until 2:00am, when I woke up at 6:00am I saw that I had a bruise on my leg, I couldn't have done this to myself, I'm not strong enough to make a bruise that big, that bad.... I remembered that two people that replied to my first post (u[/El1x1e/](https://www.reddit.com/user/El1x1e/) & [u/juliettees0825/](https://www.reddit.com/user/juliettees0825/)) thought that it was a skinwalker, I didn't really know what they where talking about as I had never heard of them so earlier today I looked up skinwalkers, and I think they were right..... I'm scared that they want to kill me..... to take my skin....I'm scared to go to bed tonight, I only have 6hrs until then as my bedtime is 10:00pm..... wish me luck, and hopefully I'll live through tonight.