Hey so I been living in my apartment since Feb 2019 and I never had anything happen to me, well just occasional scratches on me little ones and I always got them so I just ignored them. Also I have experienced paranormal stuff like this all my life. Waking up wiith tiny scratches or waking up and seeing literally a old woman's face, or even feeling a hand touch me it felt cool and I didn't feel unsafe but it was scary. I act like I didn't feel see or hear anything because no just no. I don't have time to be dealing with no hauntings or evil  spirits or oujia boards I stay away from that. However this year Feb I got attacked and it was terrifying I got off work went home and was laying in bed, this was in Feb and it was freezing cold so I was laying under like 3 blankets I don't have any pets and I bite my nails all the time. All of the sudden also the lights are on and I didn't sense anything no negative feeling no fear nothing, I then  felt a BURNING I mean like red HOT iron was just dragged against my skin pain. I was scared and it was horrible I was crying and I did not get out of bed till a couple hours later just because I was terrified and I waited till I felt safe. Now after the attack i saw a man or something wearing all black and like a trail coat or something and whatever it was smiled at me, and chuckled. So after a couple hours I got up and went to the bathroom even after like 4 hours the pain was still there. I took my pants off and on the side of my thigh were at least 9 long ass scratches or welts on my body now I was scared and I did not go to sleep AT ALL that night. So after that happened I went to work and after work bought sage and when I walked in my apartment the air felt HEAVY and thick and I didn't want to be there alone at all so I waited downstairs for me and my friend to sage my place together. We saged and I said the usual get out in the name of jesus Christ, you are not welcome this is not your home it is mine. Okay after that everything was good now last night umm  my closet door opened there was no wind and I swear I saw a body of man hunged in front of my closet doors...……. I did NOT go to sleep. Also this appt complex used to be tiny hotel rooms and they have no records of deaths or anything to do with this  place at all I looked and asked around. And yes I have pictures as well as videos of what the scratches look like it looked like I been whipped or something