Okay so my roommate and I have been in this apartment for almost a year now and weird things have been happening. We both have cats and during weird times of the day and night they’d get really hyper and active (not a pretty normal thing they’re still young) but their focus would always be the walls and corners of the apartment. Like they’re going after of addressing something. My cat isn’t very vocal but she often paws at the walls meowing. At first we joked that maybe we had a ghost as animals are known to kind of see them, but here is why we think it is the ghost of a cat. It would also explain some of the behavior of our cats, like how last night my roommate’s cat hissed at the corner of her room with her ears back. Keep in mind that this cat is the friendliest thing as she has NEVER hissed at anyone. A lot of cats like to hoard things like socks of hair ties, well the first few months here our forks literally disappeared. We cannot find them anywhere, and they’d be too heavy for our cats to take. But it wouldn’t be impossible for a ghost kitty. A couple weeks ago while my roommate was in her room with her cat, and I was in the living room with mine in my lap, my roommate’s jar of peanut butter fell/flew off our shelving unit. It wasn’t like one of the other it was both, with the motion of it being knocked off. Even though both cats weren’t near it, they can’t get on the shelf anyway, and the peanut butter was previously secure. But the one thing that really really explains it to be definitely a ghost but also a cat is what happened to my roommate a few nights ago. I had gone to my parents for a few days, and took my cat with me. One night my roommate was taking a selfie Snapchat holding her cat to send to her boyfriend, with her back facing her doorway. His next message was asking if I had left my cat there when I left. She of course said “no why?” To which he replied that in the doorframe at cat height were what looked to be two glowing eyes. He didn’t get a screenshot in time but it seriously scared her. Because even if I had left my cat, she would’ve been in my room since our cats don’t get along. She told me when I got home and that was when it clicked in my head that with all the weird stuff happening, we are definitely haunted and it being a cat explains everything.