This was a few years ago now but I used to live in a small village in the middle of nowhere. I must have been 11 at the time and moving house was a big deal for us. Btw this is from what my mum remembers and a little of my own memory, I had made some friends in this small village and they was all telling me about a man who used to live in my house who unfortunately had killed himself by lighting himself on fire. I though this was an urban legend to scare me as I was new in the area. There was pencil markings all over the walls of my house huge semi circle like drawings that were random but clearly not done by mistake I also had a garage where numbers were written all over the walls in white paint in a code like fashion. We also lived next to some neighbours who made me feel uneasy they were really strange anyways a few months go by and what my mum said is an item of clothing went missing when I was at school, she did not misplace them, she went into my sisters bedroom and they were neatly folded in the middle of the floor and my mother got this sinking feeling that something was wrong. She turned her back and the door slowly started to close that’s when she ran out crying keep in mind she was a pure skeptic and very close minded on the matter. A few more months go by and my brothers birthday rolls around, we return home to find my house totally ransacked like as if someone broke in all the kitchen drawers were open the boiler was leaking water and the light was flickering on and off. We called the police thinking someone broke in of was living in our attic and came down when we was away. A few more months skip by and my creepy neighbours moved out and we did not know, there was constant banging coming from the neighbours hour for about 6 months that would roughly start at 8 o’clock at night and end about 3 pm, my mum went around to my neighbours house and to her surprise they fled the house months ago... she invited herself in just to see what could be making that noise apparently she walked up the stairs and saw writing on the wall saying “now there gone your next” and some other stuff I don’t remember. When it came around to the house bee renovated the painter and decorated came around to my neighbours house to get rid of the writing and he could not, not even after multiple coats of paint, after that experience I had a dream that I vividly remember. In the dream I was a mist of white floating down to the lake in my village and when I got to the lake dead bodies looking like zombies rose from the water arms out with mining gear on wearing old style cloths and they was marching to my house as I was pulled back towards my house too like something wanted me to see this army of corpses, I awoke from my slumber and asked told my mother about my dream she looked shocked because she also had a dream... she said in her dream a man with blonde hair and no face kicked down her door and beat her to death in her dream damn this still gives me chills. Bare in mind everyone in this village knew of the hauntings and went about it like it was normal, just like waking up in the morning and brushing your teeth, they didn’t care so we felt kinda alone.......... I’ll write a part 2 because there is so much to talk about and share.