Junior year of high school, I had my first official relationship with this girl. I met her freshman year and I never thought of her as more than a friend until literally 1 day before asking her out. It was great until a couple months in. I felt like she was relying on me for happiness and I genuinely felt like she would kill herself if we broke up. On top of that, her family hated me. We eventually broke up, and it ended cleaner than I expected. We both dated other people after that, rather serious relationships I'll add. We ended up breaking up with our significant others around the same time. I eventually hit her up again after 2 years and we started talking about everything that went wrong in our past relationships. We clicked like never before. I felt such a bond and understanding, I even thought in my head "What if we were meant to be? What if I'm destined to marry her? What if us breaking up in the past was meant for us to mature before we got back together". I never felt this way when we were together. I felt like she matured so much, I can see myself spending the rest of my life with her. We started hooking up again, which isn’t really related to the point of this story but I’ll add it anyways. A couple weeks later I ended up telling her I still have feelings for her and she said she never really lost her love for me since, according to her, I was her "most stable and favorite relationship". Then after a couple more days of talking, she told me she confessed her love to a guy she was talking to a month before we decided to talk again. What the hell, how are you going to lead me on, say all that never lost your love for me stuff, and then beg for another guy back. A guy that she was talking to for 1 month and left her because he didn't want anything serious. She wanted him over me, I know I gave her the world, because she even told me I treated her right the entire time. According to her that was her way of getting closure with him and he didn't even take her back. Then BAM, ghosted. I didn't know what I did wrong and a few days later the pressure got to me and I confronted her about it. She told me she has been really depressed and shutting out everyone, but her Snapchat story says otherwise, hanging out with her friends and shit. She said she was sorry, she'll never do it again, she said she's willing to do whatever it takes to earn back my trust, promised that we would stay friends no matter what happens, and we hooked up again. Everything was all good for like 2 days until I noticed she was acting dry and cold. Conversations were getting dry, she wasn't really into our conversations anymore, and often times we'll make plans to hook up and she'll bail literally an hour before we're supposed to meet. As time went on, she took longer and longer to respond. And eventually she ghosted me again. I thought I needed to reevaluate myself, so I recently shut down all my social media. Then my sister sends me a screenshot. She retweeted a post that basically said "I ghosted you because I'm in love with you". I don't know what to do, should I reach out to her?