So yea.. I have never had any experience its always someone else in my family... This is abt my aunt she is i think arnd 30 plus.. So she lives with her sister, her brother in law, and her mom. And she happpens to be phsycic.. She can feel and see ghosts.. Its kinda hereditary i think... So.. They moved into this hse.. They stayed there for some time.. And strange things started to happen... The family members saw dark masses coming up at them at night.. And there were really bad nightmares.. And strange noises.  Thet tried seeking help.. My aunt knew tht there was this ghost there which is not happy with them bein there at all.. They are hindus.. Thet did prayers sprinkled the house with holy water... And also put the cross on the walls.. God is one u kn... So they found out tht there were sone indonesians living in the house before them...not to be offensive but here in southeast Asia... Especially countries like malaysia and indonesia and all... Keeping jins bad spirits to use against ppl is kinda common..ofc its forbidden but ppl still hold onto those kinda ebtities where they act as bosses to them.. So tht they can get wht they want... So those indonesians left thier thing in the hse.. And its innocent..wht wld it do rite..Well.. But things escalated.. Really bad.. Her sister and  her brother in law.. Lived in this particular room.. They were just married.. And u kn what.. They wld be just fine outside of the room..but the instant thet get inside.. They fight and fight and quarrel like mad.. Srsly just inside the room.. So one day... Her sister woke up to a crying noise..which was coming frm her husband... He was possesed.. He crouched himself and was crying and shouting.. My aunt..went in the room in dire shock and started conversating with tht entity.. It said it wanted them out of the house and away.. So my aunt set up some rules.. First..get out of my brother in laws body.. Second she talked with the entity.. She isnt afraid..she said.. We dont have enough money.. If u want us to get out.. I need 2000 ringgit to move out and find another place.. Give me the money we r out.. In a week..guess what.. Thet won a lottery amount of rm 2000.. They moved out.. So according to her... Ghosts dont wanna hurt u for ni reason.. In this case.. It wanted us out.. If we were out its happy.. So when we negotiated abt the money it gave us.. It go wht it wanted..