One time I woke up in a park with all these marks over me like scars like I’d had the shit beaten out of me or I fell down stairs but more like the first one. If I fell down stairs I would have likely broke my nose too. But I didn’t thr marks just look more like being punched. But when I woke up all my things were still there. So if someone beat me up it’s like why did they and not take my things. I was doing some drugs at the park that night I thought maybe someone saw and didn’t like that so they beat me up but I dunno cuz see I was sitting down in the sand at the park by the playground doing the drugs ( it was inhalants ) so if someone came up it’s be hard to hit me at that strength from the angles the scars showed up unless they got on top of me. Which they could’ve. And ya maybe I fell but the way the scars showed up I don’t think it was a fall. I’m sure I fell a lot too but .... I mean maybe I fell multiple times and that’s how .... I never thought of that. But I don’t recall falling or being hit. So it’s kind of a mystery. Has anything like that happened to anyone else here? Don’t write me lies only the truth. I have pics of the scars too but don’t troll me me or write nonsense. U might think sense I did inhalants I don’t deserve truth or am a fuck up but I had a severe disability at the time and doctors wouldn’t help me and it’s my personal business but essentially the doctors wouldn’t help and I was very sick so I turned to that and over the counter cold medication for relief and to make the condition heal quicker. My condition would heal when I was relaxed and alone through seizure-like movements so if I did something to make me more relaxed it healed faster. Or if I did something to kill pain that would make me more relaxed cuz I’d be less tensed up from the pain so it’d heal quicker. I had it 14 years it was not in my head. It was a severe disability. A rare disability . But that’s not the point just only write if you’re gonna tell the truth ok? I don’t really believe in ghosts and what not I mean I’m sure there’s more than meets the eye maybe like spirits and stuff but I don’t believe in like .... u know like traditional ghost stories. I have some other things that happened to me that we’re very strange I can share with u guys if I get replies and the other two things weren’t just experience by me I was not the only one who witnessed it. So but no bull shit don’t tell me lies.