So I believe I lived in a haunted house in Montgomery, Alabama. The house was over 100 years old when my mother and I moved in. Shortly after getting settled, I started seeing a little dog like creature just out the corner of my eye. At first I thought nothing of it. We did have 2 Pomeranians who were about that size. I thought it was just my mind playing tricks on me until one day when I did a double take to look at the creature and my mother turns to me and says “you saw it too?” She’d also been seeing the creature, just out the corner of her eye. Well fast forward a few days and my mother and I were asleep-we shared a bed at the time, when we feel what we thought was one of our dogs jump on the bed. My mother sleepily asks me to put it back in the cage, which happened to be right next to the bed. Well I go to grab the animal and it jumps off the bed and runs under it. Well I go to open the door of the cage and reach for the thing under the bed, when I realized... both dogs were already in the cage. I scream and turn on the light, but when I look under the bed there’s nothing there. My aunt and uncle came down a few weeks later to stay the night on their way to a nascar race. They slept in the living room on a blow up mattress. Well the next day my uncle claims we had a giant rat that he kept seeing, that also just disappeared, and he’d never come back to our house. Another odd occurrence that happened around this time was the young woman who sold us the house came by to pick up some of her mail, but she refused to reenter the house. From this point the supernatural occurrences escalated. I heard my mother scream one night while I was doing my homework. I run into the room and she tells me to get on the bed and look. Well when I do I see what she screamed about. There was a green orb that was floating up and down the wall, then the center of the room, then it just faded away. I looked for someone maybe shining a laser in the room or a flashlight or anything but never could come up with a logical explanation. The orb was bigger than the size of a baseball... But this isn’t where things ended. We went back home to Mississippi for a week to see my grandpa, and while we were gone we got a house sitter. During the middle of the trip she calls my mother to tell her she can’t come back in the house. That while she was there she had invited her boyfriend over and they were making out when a shadowy figure appeared in the doorway of the room. After this happened my mom invited yet another friend to stay over this time she stayed in the room with us but on a pallet on the floor. We had barely gone to sleep when we wake up to her screaming. We turn on the light to see that something had been strangling her. She had hand marks around her neck and said something had been sitting on her chest. Finally the last and most chilling occurrence I can remember from being in that house occurred when I finally got my own bed and slept in my own room. I woke up to the bed shaking. Shaking like an earthquake. When I open my eyes I see this tall dark figure standing at the foot of my bed and holding out its hand. I was terrified. I couldn’t move. I couldn’t scream. I did nothing and it slowly faded away. Shortly after this happened we moved. In the 15 years Since these events happened that house on Bradley drive has been sold over 6 times and has lost significant value. So I’m asking you guys, what was in my house? It didn’t seem like a ghost.