 I've been working as a veterinarian Technician for about 2 years now and, I remain working as one until this day at the same hospital. Being a tech isn't a easy job you are constantly surrounded by sick dying pets and death, you deal with nasty messes and upset pet owners along with this the job is also very rewarding from seeing the cutest puppies and kittens to seeing a happy family when we save their pets. Going into this job I had no idea that a spirit of an animal could lurk around. The Animal Hospital Haunting, this is my story. It all started small, one after noon my coworker and I were closing the place up with no one left behind and everything being completed we began to pack up our stuff all of a sudden a huge crashing sound arose coming from the laundry room, terrified we were convinced someone had broken in to steal drugs because this has happened before. The two of us being stupid went into the laundry room and just peaked our heads in to see if we saw anyone, to our surprise no one. We proceed to look down at the floor and everything is knocked over this room had been absolutely trashed, there was soap and bleach everywhere and trash bags scattered all over the floor, it was as if a cat had climbed up onto the counter and knocked everything down with its paw, we still weren't convinced and brushed it all off as nothing locked the place up and went home. Things were quiet for a while after this until one day when I myself was in the laundry room on my own putting away litter boxes for the up coming clients who were soon to come in with their kittens, I was looking down organizing when I see a black shadow move running passed the laundry room door into the treatment area "shit!" I thought a dog had escaped. I ran out into the treatment area where to my avail, there was no dog to be seen anywhere. Frantically I asked my coworkers who look at me like I was insane if they had seen the dog. There was no dog, not even in the building. My days continued there as I did not let this bother me because I love my job, about a month goes by and my coworker proceeds to tell me she believes me that I saw a ghost because the same occurrence had happened to her, according to her story she was going room to room making sure everything had been done, when walking past a room she sees a black shadow sitting on top of the exam table assuming it is a pet left unattended she ran back into the room to see who it belonged to. She peers into the room to see that there was no pet dumbfounded she thought of me and my story and how the black animal like shadows have been appearing and insisted on telling me. Small things continued to happen but nothing enough to where I had to quit my job, for example I was filling prescriptions when all of a sudden the x-ray gloves flew off the x-ray rack and onto the floor, as well as hearing voices or walking around upstairs. The common eerie feelings when being alone in the building you get a feeling that you are being followed, someone is behind you or trying to communicate with you when you are there all on your own you have sudden feelings that you are being watched and another presence is there. I will keep this story updated if anything persists but I believe these spirits are just spirits of confused pets wondering where their owners are and just trying to do pet things. This is not intended to be a horrifying story just something small that makes me believe that other life is real.