 I just got back from a school overnight for the first time which was awesome. We ate lots and lots of food, which was great, but it did a number on my digestive system, as I'm not usually a huge eater. It was also hard for me to go to the bathroom while I was there, because we were staying in a summer camp style dorm situation which meant all of us girl had to share a bathroom with three stalls. I tried to find some alone time in the bathroom to do my business but I was unsuccessful during the first few days. On day four of our week long trip, I woke up with horrible stomach ache. In the morning, I had no luck getting any privacy in the bathroom, but I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. I made it to lunch time where we had sandwiches and chips. After a few bites I started to feel sweaty as my belly churned, growled and cramped. With everyone eating, I thought it would be a good time to sneak off to the restroom. I quickly finished up l, found my teacher and excused myself and headed to the cafeteria bathroom. Unfortunately for me, a group of my girl friends asked to join, so we all stopped at the bathroom together. I quickly took a seat in the first stall and two of my girl friends took the remaining stalls with two waiting in line. I peed a little bit and then without any control, I began to push out a thick log. While the log slowly squeezed out, my two friends finished their pees and were replaced by the others in line. My first log landed with a thud and my stomach quickly cramped up again. I grabbed my belly and leaned forward feeling sick. Another long, thick log slowly started to curl its way out. By the time that it landed in the toilet, all four of my friends were done and waiting by the sinks. My stomach was feeling awful still and I knew I would just need to take my time and get everything out. My friends chatted at the sinks, hardly noticing me while I laid a third log. I couldn't help but groan as my stomach cramped up yet again. I leaned back and began to massage my belly in circles. My friend Anna called out "hey Lucy, are you almost done?" I sighed and replied "I don't know. You guys don't have to wait for me", "Its okay, we don't mind", "I actually have a really bad stomach ache so I might be a while". My friends quickly wished me well and then headed back to the cafeteria. I massaged my stomach for about a minute when it gurgled again and I had to lean forward again suddenly. I curled off log after log after log for about five straight minutes, each one landed with a thud in the bowl. By this point I had been in the bathroom for about ten minutes and lunch was going to be ending soon. My teacher came into the bathroom and called out "Lucy, are you okay?" "Yes, I just have an upset stomach still" "Alright well you've been in here for a long time and we are going to be finishing lunch soon". I started to feel a bit anxious, but my stomach wasn't letting up. I sighed and started working on a long rope piece of poo that just seemed to keep coming. When it finally broke off, I was ready to squeeze out some smaller lumps of soft, sticky poop. I still didn't feel done, so I kept pushing, but nothing was coming. It had been fifteen minutes by this point and I knew everyone was about to head off to our next activity so I had to hurry up. After rubbing my belly some more and rocking back and forth to reposition myself, I was finally able to push out a decent sized log. I began to pee and I finally felt done. I stood up and looked into the bowl in absolute amazement, I had completely filled the toilet! Three huge dark logs stretched at the bottom. Each was about 4 inches thick and each was long enough to reach from one end of the bowl to the other, sticking several inches out of the water. About ten, light colored logs floated in the water. Each was about 3.5 inches thick and between 6 and 10 inches long. One long 3 inch wide poop wrapped around the bowl entirely and chunks of soft poop filled the rest of the bowl. I wiped carefully and tried to flush with absolutely no success. I eventually left my monster in the toilet, washed my hands and rejoined my class just in time for our next activity. "Feeling better?" Asked my teacher, I nodded "yes". I silently swore to myself that I would never eat that much ever again and prayed that whoever was left to deal with my stomach demon in the toilet would forgive me.