Hey all, I stumbled across this group and maybe you guys could provide some insight for me. So without getting into too much detail. I’m not much into dating. I’ve been holding back for a while because it’s hard to find genuine people nowadays and after all this time I feel like I finally found the one. I met her in a night out and I found out She’s only 18 and I know that’s young but we discussed a lot of things and to be honest she’s the perfect match for me. She works a lot, she doesn’t go out and party and we talked about nearly everything that should be talked about as far as what kind of relationship we were looking for and what we’re into for a partnership and everything checked out. She  was the one who approached me first and told me that she would do anything to make it workout and she wanted to show me that she is realer than all the other women I’ve came across and she wanted to prove it to me. No problems there. So we got to know each other more over text and we met up one night just to talk in person more just to make sure everything was good and we were sure we wanted to continue with this. The night went absolutely perfect and I wouldn’t have it any other way. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to enter a relationship with me and she agreed with confidence that is what she wanted to do. So I dropped her off home and we kissed and it was like how you see it in the movies. Now it’s been 3 days and I’ve just seen a change in how she acts towards me.  It seems like ever since we made it official that she just doesn’t want to talk. Now I’m a reasonable guy. I’m not clingy, I’m not desperate, and I admit we did kind of rushed things but it was mutual and I told her to let me know if things were going too fast and she said it wasn’t. Keep in mind it was her who started telling me how much she wanted me and to lock me down. So at this point I’m quite confused. I’m 24, and I don’t date and havnt really had and “official” girlfriend. Just a couple side things here and there. So I know how to talk to women and all but this one made me want to get serious. I started to think I smothered her a bit even though she was fully invested in what I was saying. I was messaging too much and I definitely fell back because I realize how that can be a problem. I’m just wondering what your thoughts are about this. Sorry for the long ass paragraph. I just want this to work. I fell back and cut down on the contact and my plan is to do most of the talking when we hang out in person rather than on the phone. I guess we’re still dating it just doesn’t feel like we are because it just doesn’t seem like she wants to talk. But I’m not going to cut it off just for that unless that’s what she wanted to do.