This is a pretty unpopular opinion but I absolutely DESPISED Quinn and Sam together, as well as Quinn and Finn. Both relationships were toxic and used for Quinn's personal gain. First of all, Quinn had this pathological need to be on top and to have a good reputation. In season 1 it was quite clear that the only reason she was with Finn was because she was head cheerleader and Finn was the quarterback so it was only natural for her to date the most popular guy in school and ultimately make her popular. Then babygate happened and her reputation was destroyed. At the beginning of season  2, she rejoins the cheerios is hopes of setting her reputation back in place. Then she begins to date sam who soon becomes one of the most popular guys in school, which once again helps her reputation. During a confrontation with Sue, she says, "I’ve done everything I can to rebuild my image. I’m getting straight As, dating the cutest guy at school-" which shows that she desperately wants to rebuild her image and dating Sam is going to help with that. Then she cheats on him with Finn. At this point, Finn brought the football team to their first championship win and makes him the most popular guy while bumping Sam down. Quinn sees this and uses Finn's popularity as a means of winning prom queen since that's all she seems to care about and she knows Sam won't be able to give it to her. We also have the whole Quinn and Puck dilemma. This one is a bit different than the rest of them. Throughout the first 3 seasons, she explicitly said that she regrets what happened with Puck and that she'll never date him, and yet by season 5 their happily "in love". I honestly think Quinn is just settling. During season 2 nationals she has an emotional meltdown and says she just wants someone to love her. Puck has always loved and cared for her throughout the entire show and I think she just wanted someone to love her so desperately she just settled for him in fear of not being able to find anyone else. These are all just my opinions but I personally found all of Quinn's relationships to be fake and it was sad she never really got to be happy.