Happened last year. My husband and I were flying to our home state to visit family. Its way more expensive out there so we were selling off some stuff for extra cash for the trip. One of the things on the list to go was my pokemon heart gold DS game. We had someone lined up, verified about 6 times (that kind of cartridge is so small so I had to keep checking for peace of mind) that the cartridge was present, got in the car to go meet them. Got a message about halfway there and as you can guess it effectively said he wasn't coming, but gamestop would take it for more than what he was offering. Mad, we made our first stop since getting in the car and got gas/lunch. Went to pick up the cartridge...gone. No one touched it or got out or anything. We searched that car and the surrounding areas, literally anywhere we had stepped since getting out initially. GONE. I have lost things in my car before like my moms debit card, only to find it slipped between the seats or somehow under the center console, so I know we have searched the car as hard as possible without removing seats. We're mad but we can't do anything so we go about life, and go on the trip. While we are gone our friend watches the car at his house for us but we have the keys, so its not like he got in the car or even knew what had happened. We get back, and I am putting my son in the backseat in his carseat. I look down and in the backseat area on the opposite side from his carseat on the floor with nothing on under or around it.....the game. There's NO WAY we wouldn't have seen it. It was face up with the graphic showing bright gold on my black floor mat. I had even searched more after we got back from the trip to sell it because we looked it up and it actually is worth about 22 bucks at gamestop (I know I was shook too) and I really wanted to get something for it. I am 10000% positive this game was NOT in my car. How? We really needed that cash when we got back so my only explanation is my future self stole it knowing we'd need gas and diapers when we got back 😂