To cut the long story short. I had been asleep for 3 days due to a head injury that I sustained in my home . In those 3 days, I have lived to be 21 years old. It's very difficult to explain, but here's how it goes. I was a Caucasian Filipino boy living in Manila. I had 2 siblings and had a single mother. I was also an athlete. I was a scholar in college due to the fact that I was a great one. My sport was Track and Field. Everything seemed so real, I had family members who loved me and would tell me stories of how I was as a child. How they would talk to me in my mothers womb. I remember speaking to them in the Filipino language and now I cannot even understand what the words mean. I would also browse Reddit in my free time. What gives me chills is that I have also subscribed to this exact thread. And in my time in the Philippines the year and the date is the same as it is now. It is only delayed for a day because I am now back to being a 29 year old Mexican boy.  I also had a girlfriend. My first girlfriend and I was madly in love with her. I remember courting her and eating at malls with her in Manila. What is also driving me crazy is when I searched online for the malls that we've been to, it all exists. Even the restaurants. I remember losing my virginity to her and going to places with her. I also remember having fights with my brother. Fights with strangers when I go to clubs. The pain is very real and I had 4 best buddies who would always smoke weed with me.  I graduated in High school and had a pet cat. Everything was fucking real. I also had fucking dreams and I talked to my friends about death and if God existed. We were Catholics and it was a very conservative country. Everything was fucking real. Until one time, I was drinking with my buddies at a bar when we got in a fight. There was this dude who hit me in the head, and everything went dark. I woke up with a very painful neck and the most painful headache I have felt. I was in the hospital. The first person I saw was my sister and my cousin. They told me that I was unconscious for 3 days. During this time I was having a panic attack because I was so confused and terrified and was thinking if it was because of the medicines inside my body or what. I was just discharged 4 days ago and I am now having suicidal thoughts. I cannot tell reality from fiction anymore. I want to tell my family about it, but I don't think they're the type to believe and would generally disregard it. I do not know what to do and I do not know what happened. There is more I want to say but I can't really put everything into words. Everything was real. And now everything is real again.