I seem to have this unusual ability to heal at an incredible speed. This has only been occurring within the past year which I find very odd. I first noticed it when I cut myself on a shard of glass. Very deep cut, but I didn’t want to get stitches (because I hate them) so I applied a lot of pressure, wrapped it up and went on about my day. The next day I checked on it and noticed it had drastically reduced in size. I was so puzzled. I chalked it up to simply not being as bad as I originally thought. However the next day when I checked it again before showering, I was absolutely taken back when I looked and saw that the cut was gone. Nothing but a scar. How could I go from a deep nasty cut that was leaking blood to a scar in just 2 days!? It was so strange. I kept it to myself as I didn’t want to bring attention to how weird it was. This wasn’t the last time a cut or scratch healed completely within a day or 2. I also seem to recover incredibly quickly from illness. Whenever there is a virus or bacterial infection spreading around my house (which has 9 people living in it) I tend to feel sorta tired and weak for about 6 to 8 hours and after I sleep I’m back to normal. Never anything severe. It’s like I get all viruses in their most mild form possible. Here’s one more incredibly bizarre thing about me. I can’t get drunk. Or high. I have no idea why I have such an insanely high tolerance but no matter how much I drink whether it’s hard liquor or whiskey I literally do not get drunk. I have never told anyone about this because I’m afraid they’ll try to do a bunch of tests on me and experiment on me like some kind of animal. What if there’s something wrong with me that’s causing these strange things to happen to me? Am I some kind of extremely rare superhuman? Do I have some kind of genetic mutation? Why did it only recently start happening? So many questions. I wish I was just normal because the confusion is sometimes more than I can handle. To sum it all up, I regenerate quickly, don’t get sick, and can’t become intoxicated. I really needed to vent this to someone. So thanks for reading. I don’t know what I’ll do about this. I’ll probably continue hiding it from family and friends. I’m sure eventually they’ll notice it somehow. But until then it’s just gonna have to stay a secret. If anybody has any theories or any advice. Let me hear it.