When I was 17 (2006) I was having a dream about my mom dropping off one of my sisters at school. In the dream it began to rain just before the car got to the school. It came down hard, and fast. Filling up the roads with water in minutes. My sister gets out of the car, and runs to the front door of the school. My mom follows the drop off lane and leaves the school, I'm not in the car myself, almost like I'm a camera in the dream, stuck in the center of the car. I remember looking at the clock in the dream, and seeing 9:12. Right at that moment, the car gets T-Boned by a truck. It jolts my body awake. First thing I notice is my bedroom windows in the basement draining water into my room. There is a heavy rain outside. The only way its going to stop, is to go outside and scoop the water out. When I turn to grab my clothes, I see the clock. 9:12. I got a horrible feeling instantly. Something felt off. I shrugged it off in the moment, and ran outside to get the water out of the windows. At this point, I'm running late to the school I was attending at the time. (I messed around in high school, attended an alternative school to earn back my class credits) I get dressed and caught the city bus to school. I got home that day around 2 pm, and noticed that my moms car wasn't there. When I opened the front door though, there she was. She says that she was in a car accident this morning, and the car is totaled. I jokingly said, "You get T-boned at the corner of Vicksburg and Antietam?" My mom immediately looked both confused, and surprised. She didn't say anything. Which made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up, and a feeling I can't describe in my entire body. She asked me how I could have possibly known where it happened without having been told yet. I told her about my dream that morning, every detail I remembered. Down to the old McDonald song my little sister sang in the car. My moms eyes were wide eyed, she tells me that everything in the dream happened this morning, and to top it all off. The car accident happened at the exact moment i woke up. 9:12 am. I still apologize to this day when the accident gets brought up in conversation. For quite a while after the dream/accident, I was convinced that I caused the accident. Anyway. Thats my weirdest glitch. And I will never forget that.