I've seen the same three numbers 911 for 15 years now anything I do I tend to see or hear these numbers. It all started with the microwave clock back in summer of 05. I was around 10 years old and my dad and I would watch TV around the time 9:11 because it was prime time. I would sometimes get up off the couch to go in the kitchen and sure enough the microwave would show 9:11. I told my parents about it after a solid month of seeing the same time on the clock. It never worried me I was just curious. My dad said maybe it's because we watch TV around the same time every night. If I wasn't near a clock I would ask someone what time it was and majority of the time it end up being 9:11. I know it sounds weird but it would happen constantly. Seeing 911 over and over have been drilled in my head. I did some research and there are others who have seen this same recurrence just like me. These numbers have been called angel numbers and each number has a meaning. Here is a link [http://sacredscribesangelnumbers.blogspot.com/2012/01/angel-number-911.html?m=1](http://sacredscribesangelnumbers.blogspot.com/2012/01/angel-number-911.html?m=1) . There is even a Facebook page which people post 911 from where they've seen it from. I find it super interesting that I'm not the only one, but i think i see it more often then others just because i see it out of the ordinary. I feel like when i try to avoid this i tend to still find it. People will text me and the time will be 9:11. Ill see it on so many random YouTube videos. The one YouTube video i watch the time was 911 on the guys clock in his kitchen. I noticed it quickly because i see this number so often, but I know the average person watching wouldn't notice the microwave. His microwave was only visible for maybe two seconds of the two minute video and was in the background barley visible. I couldn't believe it, but then again I see it everywhere.  A few months ago I wanted to see how long I could avoid 911. I think I went a few days until this time I got in my car. I was driving to my friends house jamming out to music through my phone on the way there. My phone was connected to the Bluetooth, but when I left My friends house and turned my car on the radio station displayed 911. The sound coming through the car speakers was so loud. I forgot to turn my radio down when i got out, so it was this extremely loud screeching static.  I just remembered having the most intense goose bumps of my life and just the fact that I was avoiding something so pointless. It just had to be 911 on the radio station. The feeling i had was terrifying, it felt like the numbers found me again after many days of avoiding it. This has happen to me two more times in my Chrysler. It happen to me when I was with my girlfriend who knows my situation, but she thought i was messing around. She knows I talk about it when i see 911 and it drives her nuts. This is just a couple of my bizarre examples of this silly repeating number I have many many more.