I'm an 18 year old male living in the middle east, I moved here two years ago when i was expelled from my last school and had no other school to go to in the country i was in. I've always been interested in the recreational use of drugs and alcohol but i never had the chance to try either of them, until i met a group of guys in the 11th grade, a few of them were very experienced in the recreational use of marijuana, ive been a frequent smoker ever since they offered me my first joint. one day, a year after i began smoking at least every day, i was with two of my friends from the same friend group, Otis and Samuel (i changed their names for the sake of the post.) Otis was the guy that always used weed vapes and favored them over bud or hash, Samuel was very new to weed at the time as he'd only been smoking for a few months back then. So we're all at Otis' house having a great time waiting for our friend Kyle to show up, Kyle finally arrives and we immediately start a smoke session, kyle greens out and begins vomiting all over the place, he then starts whispering to himself in a demonic low voice while his hands were near his chest and his fingers were moving in a pattern, as if he was playing an imaginary piano. We were calling out for him and shaking him but he was unresponsive, 30 minutes later he told us he hallucinated some horrifying things, but he can't fully remember what they were, he just remembers being extremely afraid. After that we were all confused and worried, so we helped him regather himself and clean, and he then went home. The issue is i have no recollection of myself going home that day, my mind is actually completely blank immediately after Kyle went home. i wake up the next morning with a horrible feeling in my chest, and i don't mean physical pain, i mean that anxiety driven depressing feeling you have in your chest after a traumatizing experience, like the death of a loved one for example. At this point i'm really freaked out and i start trying to remember what happened the night before, i remember Kyle vomiting and needing help, i remember him going home, but i didn't remember myself or Samuel going home. The memory i have in my mind is somewhat distorted, but i remember myself, Samuel, and Otis still at Otis' house after Kyle went home, but instead of leaving we were all huddled up near his apartment door with all the lights in his house completely off. I remember me and my friends were desperately trying to stay quiet as if our lives depended on it, and what freaks me out the most is i remember peeking through his window and seeing an extremely light blue light that confused me and Samuel and sent Otis manically crying uncontrollably, where then me and Samuel reacted in a frightened manner, as if Otis just gave away our spot/cover and something horrific was about to happen to us. These memories came back to me like flashbacks. i then called Otis and Samuel and asked them what we did the previous night after Kyle left, they said that we helped Otis clean the living room after Kyle's incident, and then me and Samuel left, Samuel took me home and that was that. I haven't told anyone this story as it genuinely scares me to my core and i don't know what those memories are about and where they're from, i tried to convince myself that they could've been dreams but the memories were way too vivid and realistic to be dreams. PLEASE help me figure out what could've caused these memories as i feel traumatized every time i think about them.