There was a post about how someone woke in the morning and thought it was only a few hours later when they looked at the time then realized it practically night time and had no recollection where the time had gone. We're thinking was I perhaps sleeping but was sure wasn't. This happened to me a few days ago. I know I was doing many things but everything is in little tiny glimpses of what I did all scrambled in a way. The day had just gone past. I was thinking to myself could I have slept but know didn't and have the scrambled tiny pieces there of everything that I did. It happened after an especially good sleep and when I woke I had an amazing amount of energy that in a way didn't know what to do with and since then nothing around me feels real. I look around me everywhere and it's like things are there but I'm not. I feel like I'm in a movie every single thing looks different. I'm not here .. in a movie or some dream state. I've been doing everything that I usually do but it all feels so different and it's sort of like I'm looking at everything from outside of myself. I don't feel worried at all. I feel like this is normal and the previous wasn't. Before this happened I was talking to a friend saying that I don't belong in this world and that I'm not at home that I was born by accident and shouldn't be here and that I am really an avatar. Well of course since then my friends are staying away because I'm guessing they think I have gone and at first this upset me because I was kind of freaking out and sort of felt like now is when I really need them but now it's not bothering me and there's people that are just entering into my life from nowhere really and I feel as though I have known them forever and I say things about these weird things and they are not thinking I'm crazy and staying or way they respond back with what I would say is weird stuff that I haven't before and it's to what weird things that I'm saying. I get just random texts from someone with just a sentence and the emoji 🙃 at the end of the sentence. Someone else said that I'm finally meeting my tribe and the friends that are staying are one of those. The ones staying away don't belong with me. I also got a text just saying it's anyone's guess if days are getting longer or shorter. I don't know if this is the place to post so sorry if not. I've also been getting a lot of de ja vus just with really normal things nothing particuly special. I've just woken up so am tired as writing and also still like in a dream state. I feel as though I'm going crazy but I've even spoken to and saying everything to my psychologist and for the first time really she is actually kind of laughing at me and calm as ever saying things like you need to circulate you energy and that I sound like am vibrating at another level not saying that have gone nuts. Anyway I'm still half asleep so thank you.