Okay so I work full time at a grocery store with my significant other. Today as him and I were putting new chips on the shelf, something very weird happened. I remember opening the box of chips and reading the label. They were “dang” brand chips. I walked over to where I remember those chips being at so I could stock them. As I get over there I saw the brand of chips I was looking for, but spread out on two different shelves. These two shelves were right above and below one another. I saw that the chips I had didn’t go in the first shelf on top but rather the second shelf below it. I specifically remember as I was stocking this shelf and putting the chips in their spot having this thought “whoever adjusted the heights in these shelves should’ve gone up a notch bc these chips seem a little too big for this shelf” I looked at the UPC and it matched the tag on the shelf and so I stocked a single row of chips and threw the box away. I went to pick up another box and break it open so I could put whatever chips I had in that new box away. As I was walking back over to the same spot I was just at, I looked at the “dang” brand chips I just stocked and then quickly turned to find my boyfriend. I asked him if he had moved my chips telling him I was positive I stocked them in the right spot. He looked at me confused and said what are you talking about? I was in disbelief. I said “I KNOW I stocked those chips right there and now they are on the shelf ABOVE where I stocked them” I explained to him that I was positive I knew where I stocked them and I wasn’t wrong. We ruled out the possibility of someone other than us moving them because our shift starts at 4 am and we were the only ones in our aisle the entire time. As I was pulling the chips off the shelf to put them back where I originally had them, I had an “A-HA” moment. It was the moment I realized the shelf height on this shelf WAS higher than the other shelf (Like I made a point about while stocking the first time) and the chips in fact weren’t touching, unlike the first time where they WERE touching the top of the shelf. All said and done, I feel as if this could definitely have been a glitch in the matrix. What do you think?!