Years ago I was with my mom and sister after visiting a water park in Orlando , Florida. It was around 8 pm we stop at some restaurant to eat we sit all the way in the back in a booth. Directly in front of us another booth with a middle aged man sporting a beard while he folded silverware into napkins. I asked my mom if I could order a virgin pina colada , I pleaded with her “please I only get these once in a blue moon..” before I could finish the gentleman in front of us turned around and looked me right in the eyes and said “do you actually know how often a blue moon occurs” I said well no he told me. The convo some how got Into him asking to see my hand he said wow you have an interesting life line ahead of you I was confused he lifted his hand and he had only two likes in the palm of his hand forming a prefect cross. He proceeds to tell me to read everyday and that will u lock the ability to control my dreams. He then casually turns around and continues folding the silverware , when we leave I waved at him and said good bye but it was like he didn’t even acknowledge we were there... Situation 2: I was at cocoa beach pier with my mom and grandmother  when a old man and a old woman (in their 80s I’m guessing) approached me I was maybe 15 , he says hey how have you been I said good he said yeah how’s school I say fine he then goes how’s your mom and grandmother doing I get really freaked out bc they were no where near me and I’ve never met this guy in my entire life but he knew I was just there with them two. I asked if he wanted to say hello to them but he said he couldn’t they were in a rush. I rush to our table on the other side of the pier in a restaurant and told my mom about it and at first she thought it was maybe a creeper but then I told her no he just told me to take care of my self and you guys then just walked away and she was really weirded out. I’ve ran I to a lot of weird people in my life who were just weird but these two situations felt as if they were speaking to me like beyond reality in a weird way.