When I was maybe 7 or 8 I was lying on my stomach in my living room in front of the tv watching some kids cartoon. The commercials came on and as I was about to get up to get a snack or something I noticed a trailer for a movie that was going to come out soon that had a dinosaur in it. Now of course, me being the little kid I was who absolutely loved dinosaurs I watched the trailer. I don’t remember the whole thing but I do remember one specific part where the green dinosaur is running through a field at night where fireflies flew out of the grass as he ran. I had no idea what the name of the movie was but I went and asked my dad about it and if we could go see it when it came out. I referred to it as the green dinosaur running through the field movie (I know not a very simple name haha) but he couldn’t find it anywhere online. I was disappointed but I left it and completely forgot about it, but then a few years later my parents were wanting to take me and my younger sister to this movie called The Good Dinosaur. I asked what it was about and they showed me a trailer for it. I immediately recognized the green dinosaur but there was also a kid with the dinosaur. As I watched the dinosaur run through the field of fireflies I was so so confused and just assumed it was a weird déjà vu situation. When I think about that now I really don’t think it was though. First of all, the firefly field seemed off and I’m still not able to place my finger on what was different but there was definitely something. Secondly, the first time I saw the trailer I was laying on my stomach on my carpet in my living room watching the tv and the time my parents showed it to me, I was downstairs standing at the kitchen table watching it on my moms phone. A lot of my memories from when I was a kid have been blocked out due to certain things that happened so I could possibly be imagining that but it is such a clear and vivid memory that I’ve had for a long time. (Sorry my grammar was probably horrible in this but like thanks for reading this long thing stay safe and social distance ❤️✌️)