 It sounds amazing what you have achieved and I hope you can fix it, find a spiritual guide and continue your growing - I don't think the problem is about the bipolar diagnosis. I think you need to research more about Archons - in Gnosticism and religions closely related to it, demonic entities subordinate to the embodiment of evil in the corresponding belief-system. Archons are notorious for stealing and absorbing our energy; they can steal that energy from social gathering like churches, football matches, etc. or from people alone. They pretty much impregnate everything and everyone, as they can influence people to do bad things even though they are good people, as they are unaware of what they are doing - anyways most people are oblivious about them even though they show them in movies like Odd Thomas. As you imagine they can completely control bad people - governments are fully control by them. Their ultimate goal is to steal the world's energy by their haive corporate social structure and make people vibe in low frequencies as fear, anger and lust as they have been doing so far. Therefore there is a lot of people that have encountered this entities who try to scare them and control them. Then by going to the psychologist they would prescribe people with drugs that keep them miserable and out of spiritual development. You are right about the matrix, as they don't want you to see reality. However, as someone in the comments said, it's not a glitch, it's the spiritual realm. I have been researching about them, however, I haven't had the same spiritual experience you have. I have recently started to meditate and it has been very relaxing and energetic. My goal is to control my dreams and have astral travel experiences like you had. However, during my meditations I have felt someone touching my left hand when I concentrated my energy there in my hands and it's not the normal tingling sensation of energy. Also something/one was touching my mouth when I concentrated my energy in my throat. So started to research about sensations felt whilst meditating and that is why I ended up here because I don't know if this is normal or if it's an archon. I know now that we humans are very powerful and we can use our commands, voice and thoughts to repel this entities. I will research of good voice commands to keep this entities away or if a simply "Don't touch me" would be efficient enough. There is so much I still need to learn and thank you for sharing your experience with us, it's been very useful. With that note I wish you all the best in your spiritual journey.