I was at a party when this happened. I was chilling with 2 friends of mine. I'll call them K and C. I was partying HARD. My parents don't let me do anything, so I take advantage of what I can. I fool off, doing stupid things, drinking root beer, and getting high off it. I can't drink actual beer, so I use it as a substitute. Anyway, so I decided to go to my girlfriend, who we'll call D. She was chilling with her friends, talking about school, drama, and other things. I tap her on the shoulder, and I do that thing friends do all the time. She finally notices me, but before she can react, I hug her, and she hugs me back. I say, "How are you?" "I'm doing great, thanks to you." We smile at each other, and hug again. I sit down with her, and join in on the conversation. It goes on for a while, and we start playing cards. Suddenly, in the middle of a game, I get a brainfreeze. Most of them are very fast, but this goes on for a whole minute. So since I don't exactly know how to cure this, I involuntarily start banging my head against a chair, which eases the pain (somehow). Anytime I have a brainfreeze, I do that. It ends (finally), and I say, "Sorry about that. Let's resume." But when I look at D and her friends, they are frozen. No ice on them, but non-moving. D is in the middle of saying something, and she's frozen. I wave my hand in front of her face, but there is no reaction. In fact, everyone in the room is frozen. I walk around, looking at people, and walk outside. I look outside, and EVERYTHING is frozen. There was a helicopter floating in the air, a car with the tires still in motion, but not moving, and I was confused. But, since everyone else was frozen, I could do whatever I want. So I position my root beer cup over this kids' head, because he used to make fun of me and D being together. I do other things, arranging the game we were playing in my favor, change the time on a clock, and make a tower of frozen phones I steal from my friends. I admire my work, and sit back down with D. And then I realize, "Wait. How do I unfreeze this?". And I started panicking. I was like, "This is bad. This is very, very bad. What will I do?" I try everything, sitting in the same way I was, getting another brainfreeze, which was really hard considering I had to get the liquid out, and drink it while it was in the air, snapping, but nothing worked. I sit there for a while, looking at everyone. I think in my mind, "Please, go back to normal." And I was so caught up in my thinking, I don't realize everyone is actually unfrozen. But, they didn't know. They see the tower, and admire my work. "Wow! Wait, isn't that my phone?", and they would check their pockets, realizing it is. They thought this was some prank someone was doing. And then, that cup of root beer over that kid's head drops. He gasps, and there is root beer everywhere. This kid is a school bully, and no one laughs, except me. I silently laugh, and keep myself from cracking up. Everyone is confused for at least 15 minutes, before going back to their normal business. D was still confused, but she just said, "Eh. Who cares anyway?", and we went back to the game we were playing. I remember that to this day, and I still can't get it out of my head.