I'll start by saying that I had heard about glitches in the matrix and other ideas about our reality before this took place. It's no doubt a very interesting and exciting topic. There are situations where coincidence is a very reasonable explanation and then there is this. My friend and I were both doing landscaping work one weekend at a client's house. We were mainly just replacing or installing plants in the clients garden. He had one in front of the house and in the backyard. We started the day in front of the house and worked our way to the back. To pass the time my friend and I talk about anything interesting, from planting hundreds of tree seeds now and selling the trees 5 years from now, to starting a music band, and anything that could help us pass the time. My friend had his truck in the driveway facing the road with tools and drinking water. We went to the backyard to replace plants and while we were talking about pretty much anything, my friend told me about something that I had never heard of or seen before. It's not anything special or some unexplainable phenomenon but just something that I had personally never been aware of. He informed me that cats will torture (or play with) their food before killing and eating it. I thought about it for a couple minutes and the conversation surely moved on to the next topic. We kept working and as our job came closer to being completed we decided to take a break. Since we were in the backyard, we walk to the driveway and sit in the truck for a bit. Drinking water, smoking a joint, simply relaxing a bit. I'm sitting the passenger's seat when I look to my right where I see a cat on the sidewalk. The cat is just sitting there, facing the truck. I look a little closer and I see a mouse directly in front of the cat, maybe a foot of space in between them. The mouse is looking up at the cat while the cat is looking down at him. They dont move at all. Clearly the tiny mouse knows that he is food, and the cat is just enjoying the moment before he eats the mouse. I honestly could not believe my eyes. This is something that I had never seen, and I had only heard about it maybe an hour or half hour before. Instantly I thought about the glitch. Have you ever thought or felt that your mind literally leaks into your reality? The same way that a phone company or social media companies literally leak your data and try to sell you things almost instantly after you mention certain items. My mind leaking into reality is a situation that is increasingly more believable than coincidence. I will certainly post of other situations similar or as interesting as this.