After 20+ years of consistent service to prove the concept, Norway has decided to build 6 upgraded and modernized Skjold class stealth corvettes, with more being built for any interested nation and if Norway decides more are needed. The stealth technology in it is upgraded to account for modern improvements on it. It will still use the ACC design of the original, but with better radar absorption on all fronts. It has a new command and control system, developed by Kongsberg Defence and Aerospace, completely modernized and updated from the previous Senit 2000 system. They are now equipped with 12 NSM anti ship missiles, with an improved range of 250 kilometers, as opposed to the old 150. The same Oto Melara 76mm Super Rapid gun will be fit to the vessel, with twin launcher Mistrals also remaining the same. Thales Naval France has been once again awarded the contract for an improved radar system, to be named the Ceros 300, with surveillance, thermal imaging, CCTV tracking, and laser range finding. With the same MASS system being put into place as well for decoys. A new computer controlled system will be used to control the air cushion and stability, the engines have also been upgraded due to the increase in size of the vessel, from 155 feet to 175 feet to account for the new missiles and upgraded systems. Two MTU 12V TE92 lift fan engines, upgraded to be rated at 775Kw with the weight increase taken into account, are used to make the cushion, two ST40M’s will still drive the water jets, but Pratt and Whitney has been contracted to make a new ST19M, rated at 5000Kw for the new ships, giving it a top speed of 70 knots, making them the fastest combat ships in the world, replacing the old Skjold class for this record. The cost of these vessels is $150 million, $25 million more than the original, but very worthy of it. The vessels will be put into service starting in early 2025, after trials have taken place and demonstrations are finished. Norway is offering to build these ships for any NATO member or other, non sanctioned or embargoed nation that would like to purchase them. These ships are the stealthiest, fastest, and have already been proven extremely effective in their previous versions, and they are still 1/3 the cost of the LCS.