I was late to the game when it came to playing this master piece, but that hasn't stopped me from playing it for over 300 hours in the bast 8 months. Every time I sit down to play it I find something new I love, weather it's the amazing story, in depth but simple combat, or the vast customization. I thought that I would play through it once, and be done. It's what I do with most games, but not this one. I remember every part of my experience, from my first time encountering the Revenant, the ugly bastard, to fight Hreazlyr. I made my way through the world as it constantly surprised me. I felt connected to the characters, Atreus was a moody kid one moment, then a self absorbed god the next. It felt like it's how a real person would react. Not to mention the freedom of exploration and the rewards that come with it. I upgraded every weapon except the axe on my first playthrough. The bow was the easiest, the blades were difficult, and all the runes (yes I'm counting them as weapons) were the most interesting as they always got more fun. I thought I had done everything, at this point my blades were only on level 4, and I thought NG+ was the answer to fully upgrading them, but it wasn't. The god damn VALKYRIE DUDE! Those were my favorite moments in the game. Climbing to the top of Musplheim to face down Gondul, or entering Odins chambers to fight the hidden ones. Every single fight, while the same on the outside, was unique and challenging. I kept fighting and fighting, but could never beat all of them. The one in Niflheim was the one to evade me. The mist and the aggression of the Valkyrie was too much for me, so I moved on. Crafted all the items i could, and went into NG+ to experience it all again. Completed every quest and found every secret. I still can't beat her to this day. And I think I'm ok with that. I like the idea of there still being one last challenge to conquer before I have the game give me the real experience, Give me God of War. Time to go throw my head against the wall 100 more times to try and beat Hildr. Thank you for reading.