Hey guys, I’m one of y’all devoted fans of the GS series, I feel blessed that I could spend my childhood by playing the best game in the world that has ever existed! I never really understood why Zelda, Sonic or Final Fantasy keep being successful games and their developers keep releasing new stuff while GS is tragically forgotten and massively underrated by the whole gaming world (with the exception of the hardcore GS fans). Now, all we can do is throwing some ideas until someone important accidentally notices them sooner or later. Me personally, I have quite a few since I grew up playing RPG games and watching a lot of cartoons/ anime... first of all, we need a background story on what happened before the start of the first game. We need some history (just like in Naruto), some flashbacks on who created life in Weyard, who created the Alchemy, the Psynergy, the people, etc... Here are some questions:  Who created the Wise One - a supernatural being that acted at the end of the GS TLA as a sort of Deus ex Machinae, a defense mechanism / a safety valve in order to prevent Alex from absorbing an entire Golden Sun force? Is the Wise One just a demigod, a mere guardian or an embodiment of the sealed Alchemy that Proxians and Alex tried to release so badly? Who even gave this mission to Menardi& Saturos in the first place? How did Alex join them? What about previous generations of Adepts? How about the golden age of Lemuria (we only know that Lemuria was thriving during the time before Alchemy was sealed)? What is the timeline of Weyard? Should fans get a chance to vote for the Dark Dawn to be non canon and instead let the story continue in a more sophisticated/advanced way? Are there other worlds than Weyard? If there’s a concept of the Golden Sun, shouldn’t be there logically also a Silver Moon/Luna (just like in the beginning of the GS story where inside of Mt.Aleph we could spot both Sun and Moon)... I know that I’m one of those naive fans, but here‘s what could be done: either fixing Dark Dawn by making Alex and Tuaparang more badass than they actually were in a fourth potential game, or trying to pretend that Dark Dawn was just a bad dream and creating a new story based only on GS and GS TLA and expanding the perfect game universe (before it was ruined)... I loved a fan made story on YouTube that actually did include a different universe where the world was shaped like a Crescent Moon (while Weyard is shaped like a circle/elipse.... to be continued, I’m not done