Golf Clash now has proper English etiquette, run by the in-game word police. Oh how they can pour it on you, for the slightest insult to their superior mindset. The main reason they do not take phone calls is because of their inability to properly understand another's empathy. Totally narcissistic, and deeply narcissistic. They are so in into themselves. There are some who are bonafide, awesome, support people who don't view you as mere competition as the rest do. All praise should go to those few, being able to really relate to other's feelings, understanding their frustrations, and to offer though sometimes small, like a match refund at times, small but sometimes goes a long ways to proving they really care. However, many support people are arrogant, inconsiderate, and could care less if you drop dead tomorrow. Those types could not stand taking calls, "OMG boss, you mean we really have to show those pesky complainers that we understand, that we care, wow, how then can we always blame them, and then now have to admit we could be wrong like maybe 5% of the time, its hard enough doing it 1% of the time.?" "Okay then, replies the boss," "I think I have to puke also, so no calls just messaging." So thus we players are privy to the best customer support folks in the world. They really have a way with words I tell ya! They are always right, you can't argue. The game never makes mistakes, you cannot dispute it. Despite repeating the same bullet points of preventable actions you can take, hundreds of times, you must have forgotten one somewhere, something caused the ball to hook, and it wasn't their server, they've had the same one since they started, surley its not failing now. It is so easy, through a message, thousands of miles away, to screw you, then to only read about the pain they caused. To only read about the hurt you went through. To only have to reply with a few typed words, is so easy to live guilt free, to sleep at night without pause, and then to be totally condescending and get to always blame the customer (actually the competition, you cannot get further along than they are, thats not their version of what they consider "fair play") this is such fun boss, its like giving someone 100 angry red emojis all at once. "Indeed lad," the boss replies. But boss, yesterday this customer seemed really upset and called me a jerk and asshole!!! You mean he dared question our English sense of higher morality??? Yes, he also said Sir Elton John was a moron. "OH MY FREAKIN GOD!!! FOR NOW ON THOSE MOUTHY, NON-COMPLIENCE, REALLY THINKING THEIR ACTUALLY FREE COLONISTS, ANY WORD QUSTIONING OUR SUPERIORITY, OUR JUDGEMENT, WITH ANY NAUGHTY WORD BEFORE OR AFTER A PHRASE SHALL BE HEREBY STRICKEN FROM CONSIDERATION OF HEARING." So now we have the new current policy. If out of frustration, out of patience, totally wronged, and you use a bad word they will smite you on the spot, and have your 1 hour, or however long it is, message, erased clean!!! Yeah, its a small little problem that goes way back, it was one of the reasons why the American Revolution was fought. The very 1st Amendment in the US constitution, "Freedom of Speech." It seems our pure at heart perfectionists from across the pond, can dish it out however they want to, and if by chance or human nature you use a bad word, they will delete, and not even hear your complaint out, cause they can't take it!!!