I've been a Google fi unlimited member the day it came out.  I had been paying $1 a month for an extra 100gb to give me 200gb of Google one storage.  I signed up a few days ago for 2tb at a discounted $8 a month and quickly decided against this.  This all happened in a few days before my bill would hit.  After downgrading back to 200gb a few hours later I got an email saying it was going too be cancelled.  I went into Google play where my subscription for Google one was showing but could not restore it.  Went to the Google one website and it was greyed out there as well.  I decided up wait until it cancelled to renew it and when it did I saw it was no longer giving me the free 100gb membership to my Google account like it should since I have Google fi unlimited.  I also was seeing higher prices for all tiers of Google one than what I was normally seeing.  As of that moment I just had the 15gb of regular Google drive with no Google one membership.  I called Google fi and they were clueless and transferred me to Google one support who was also clueless and transferred me back to Google fi support.  This went on 4 more times with a ticket being escalated.  I'm working with this guy who has been trying to help but is also clueless.  I have been given 100gb for a few days for free while they figure this out but now I cannot change my membership as no options appear on the Google one website for other plans and it shows I'm being charged $1.99 for 100gb.  I have tried multiple PCs, browsers, incognito mode on chrome like he's asked and he later has me trying the same thing the next day as if I haven't tried it.  I've asked for this to be escalated higher and even reached out to Google fi support on Twitter but no one seems to be able to help.  This is clearly tied to my account as the evidence listed above.  I work in IT so I do understand what is happening but I need someone to fix this.  I am paying for a service that I no longer am getting on my account properly.  Can someone from Google help!