Here’s the thing, this was my second time applying for grad school. The first time around I got into a recruitment initiative program for this university, met with potencial advisors and everything seemed to workout fine. All the participants even got to have dinner with the Professors they were most interested in working with, there I was able to build some rapport with this prof whose work really interested me. After that I stayed in contact with them but ultimately didn’t get admitted. After this I moved very close to this same university so I decided to meet with this potential advisor once again because I was was going to apply again and wanted some advice on how to improve my application and just reconnect because I was still interested in working with them. Well that was a huge mistake, as if I didn’t feel defeated enough after being rejected once, this person made me feel completely inadequate, like I wasn’t made for academia. “I don’t think you really know what you want yet, maybe you should take another year and come back”. They said this after admitting they didn’t remember my SOP and mentioned some other statement thinking it was mine. They mentioned how I lacked experience and didn’t seem like an ideal candidate and that in my personal statement (which I brought printed out for her to help me improve it) I shouldn’t mention any hardship even if it hindered my chances of getting more research experience because we all have it hard and no one really cares. As painful as that was to listen to I held back my tears and let them out after I was settled into my car on my way home (no, this isn’t the one from the title) . Even though after that I didn’t feel confident I was going to be admitted into any program, by a complete coincidence I found a professor that was doing some very interesting work in the specific field I love and was working just about an hour and a half away from where I lived.  I reached out and set up a visit. They showed me around and finally we get to the interview we had gone over everything that usually comes up, but it seems like the professor caught my insecurity and told me they had no idea why I thought I didn’t have enough experience (mind you I did have previous research experience, poster presentations, and industry experience). They started explaining how, many of the things I did in the past were completely transferable to what I wanted to do now, and that’s when I lost it. I tried to continue the conversation but instead bursted in tears, the validation I felt at that moment was obviously not normal for me. I apologized about a thousand times for the outburst and explained why I was bawling in their office in the middle of the interview. I was sure that after that I wasn’t going to get admitted into the program, I thought to myself “who’s going to want to work with the student that cries in front of you the first time they meet you”.  Well I was wrong, a couple of days ago I got admitted to the program and soon after was contacted by that same professor saying how exited they were with my application and that they were ironing out the final details of my funding. With all this I just want you guys to know that no matter how many times you’ve been rejected and how hard it might be, (trust me, I know) sometimes this is just something that pushes you closer to the right advisor. At times it just takes the right professor to see the value of your experiences and what you bring to the table.