I applied to only three schools recently for a Masters in English. This was right before things got really bad with COVID. I got accepted to all. Two only offered partial funding but one university, Loyola Marymount in California, offered a teaching fellowship that has a 18k yearly stipend and I was also given an additional 4K a semester scholarship. However, the tuition and fees equal 16k and I still have to pay for books, parking, food as well as a place to live since I live in Alabama. I’ve never been to California. I have no family in California. I was hoping to visit the places I got accepted to before making my decision to scope out the areas but because of COVID I wasn’t able to do that. This was my first round of applications. There are so many schools that I wanted to apply to that I didn’t because honestly I didn’t even think I would get accepted to these 3. I was really hoping to test out the waters and I felt like I had to apply to at least a few since my gap year was coming to an end. I really rushed my applications because I was working two jobs and time just flew by. There are a lot of factors that make me hesitant to accept. I don’t know if I’m mentally strong enough right now to move somewhere completely alone in the middle of pandemic to do graduate school. Since the teaching fellowship stipend will pretty much all be used for tuition and other school related fees, I will have to get a part time job to pay for an apartment in such an expensive area. I also have to get a new car. My car broke down recently and is very old and can’t be saved. My long term boyfriend lives in NY and we have been long distance for 2 years and we usually spend summers together but since he lives in such a hot spot I haven’t been able to see him. I know that this is my decision for my future but I don’t know how moving across country will affect our relationship and he is very important to me. I also don’t know if the program will be online or in person and I can’t look for places till this is confirmed. I haven’t fully decided whether or not to pursue a PhD and that’s why I decided to apply to Masters programs only. I currently teach kids with learning disabilities for a small learning center. I plan to continue teaching but at a school and hopefully for the middle or high school level. I want to get a Masters mainly because I never got the chance to really delve into my research interests at my undergrad and because from what I have seen a lot of positions at private and public schools require or prefer a masters. I struggle heavily with anxiety. I know graduate school is going to be insanely difficult. I don’t know if I can do it all by myself with no real support system. But I know funding in the humanities is scarce. My professor suggested applying to sequential MA/PhD program since they offer tuition and fee remission and Master out if I decided the PhD route isn’t for me. I’m just worried if I turn down this offer, I won’t get anything better. I have no idea what admissions will look like next year and what funding will look like. If I don’t go to grad school in the fall my plan was to move in with my boyfriend and work while I reapply. I could really use some advice from anyone who is willing to give it. I’m sorry for the long post but thank you for reading to this point.