To start I want to clarify that my native language is not English and that all this is written in google translator. To start I want to talk about what the creator of the series Alex Hirsch said about gravity falls "I wanted to do a short series, which will only last 1 summer" this implies that the series is already over. all we saw in raromagedon part 3 was the end and there will be nothing else but in another interview (well known by certain) the interviewer asks "will there be a third season of gravity falls?" which alex hirsch responds "I can't talk about that, by the way this mabel juice is great (changing the subject to the interviewer) I mean that someone who created and supposedly finished would say something like" gravity falls was my biggest project, thanks to all those who saw them but unfortunately I prefer to leave the series as such " but did not say that...my theory is this; Alex Hirsch is giving data in novels, comics, and newspapers that could trigger the return of Bill Cipher. I know that the theory seems crazy and that I seem like a fan who has not yet overcome the "end" of this but the proofs are these, to begin with we will have to see the final part of raromagedon 3, more specifically the part where bill is burned in the mind from stan amidst the offering of power money or the universe to stan, bill quotes instead "AXOLOTL, the time has come to burn myself! I invoke the ancient power that I can give back!" weird, no? This same message can be linked with the novel "Dipper and Mabel and the Curse of Time Pirats" where Alex Hirsch stressed that it is NOT canon but it has a secret that it is. in one part of the story of the novel dipper and mabel meet an entity called axolotl (which alludes to an axolotl) this same gives a poem that is the secret canon. the poem is this: "sixty degrees that come in threes . watches from within birch trees. saw his own dimension burn. misses home and he cant return. says he's happy, he is a liar.blame the arson for the fire.if he want to shirk the blame, well have to invoke my name.one way to absolve his crime. a different from a different time. "Does this not seem strange to you? but this time it will not be the last time this lizard is spoken of On a page written by Stanford Pines in" Gravity Falls: Diary 3 "about the design of the Portal Universal and how his muse explained the possible Great Unified Theory of Rarity, you can see an encrypted message written by Bill that says: "I'M GOING TO MAKE THIS BOY WORK WELL NEITHER BABY TIME OR THE WISE GIANT LIZARD WILL STOP ME". another curiosity. in the book "gravity falls; 4 lost legends" in a deciphered message in the graves it says "bill lives" now comes the question "IS THIS PLOT CONCLUDED?" putting yourself in the role of alex hirsch where you yourself confirmed that there would be nothing else, do you leave all these questions?, no. Something can happen my theory is that Alex Hirsch is giving us data to start and ground a new season when the Netflix and The Owl House projects are over. It is possible to clarify that it is impossible that Disney has canceled a third season, in addition to which Alex Hirsch denied it, Disney if trying to squeeze as much as possible Gracity Falls taking out non-canon books or putting the series more than 3 hours a day in some parts of the planet. I also want to say that all this information can be used by ANYONE WHEN IT IS without needing to give me credits. I explain and I have been in this fandom for a long time and I want that in some way there is a light of hope and that more theories arise as in the old days.