I'm applying for Statistics MS programs and started with a goal score of 165Q.  I hit it today on my fourth attempt and I'm now in a range that I feel will make me reasonably competitive for the programs that I am applying to.  My composite score if far from extraordinary but I am quite pleased that my hard work seems to have paid off.  My previous best score was 163Q and 159V.  Yes it is true that my overall score went down but frankly I'm not really concerned with my verbal and literally spend 0 time studying for it with the exception of the verbal sections that I did during official ETS practice exams.  I started studying on and off about a year ago and given that I hadn't looked at any of this material in about 15 years I essentially started from scratch, up to and including memorizing my multiplication tables which I apparently forgot or maybe never learned in middle school(ouch).  Thanks public school education.  I scored in the low 150s for Q on the first un-timed practice test that I took, so I knew I was going to have my work cut out for me.  Throughout the past year(but only really studying intensely for the past few months) I raised my Q by 12 or 13 points.  I'm pleased with my score and feel confident sending it to schools but I'm honestly considering taking it again for the fifth(and final allowed by ETS within a 12 month period) time.  I definitely made a few dumb mistakes on quant and if I spend a few weeks on verbal  I could probably raise my V score considerably.  Maybe overkill but I figure what the hell.  I've read things on here like "you shouldn't study for the GRE for more that 2-3 months".  I think this is really bad advice.  As long as you feel that you are still improving and as long as you don't miss your deadlines, you should study as long as it takes to get a score that you are happy with.  For some, that could be a few weeks of prep, for others it could be much longer.  There is a ton of study advice on here and I don't want to inundate anyone with prep tips but I feel as though I may have some useful advice for folks who are starting with a weak math background.  I wasted so much time and effort studying inefficiently and completely mismanaging official ETS material.  If people are interested I may write up a brief post in the near future about what I found effective and also how to avoid making the mistakes that I made along.  Some of these mistakes cost me hours of wasted time.  This was definitely an overly caffeinated stream of consciousness type of post.  Sorry for that.