10 years ago, when I was 8, I lost my grandmother. I don't remember much from the younger years of my life, but I remember her death so vividly it hurts. My grandmother was an angel walking on this earth, she never met a soul that she didn't touch and I will forever be proud to call her my grandmother. She was my very best friend growing up, constantly sharing her wisdom and kindness with me. She shaped who I am today and I still remember her with every decision I make. I believe in afterlife, and there is no doubt in my mind she went to the very best one. Her death was the hardest thing I have ever been through in my life. During that time, I felt pain that I didn't even know was humanly possible. Not only did it devastate me, but it took an extremely large toll on my parents, siblings, aunt, and cousins. I watched my entire family grieve while I was dealing with the pain myself. Many of my family members lost their relationship with god, furious with him for taking her from us. It took years to get for me to be able to live a normal life as a kid without constant upset over my grandma. We all had to pull ourselves together and try our very best to move on like she would've wanted. Now, ten years later, my adult life is starting to begin. I'm graduating high school soon, moving on to college, and someday living my own life as a grown woman. Of course I am thinking of her now more than ever. I know she's looking down on me through this, but I just wish to god she was here for me to confide in, laugh with, cry to, and hug again. I wish I could look up from my seat at graduation and see her smiling face. I wish we could all go to her house for Christmas to and laugh and love with her again. She died of cancer, and she was in so much pain. I try to remind myself of this when I think of her, as she's in a better place now and she isn't in pain anymore. She's exactly where she always wanted to be; with my grandpa in heaven. I know she's proud of who I've become, and I know she wouldn't want me to still ache over her, but it's so incredibly hard to move on, even after all these years.