It still feels like it just happened. I was a freshman back then. Last month was the 1 year anniversary of when my best friend hung herself. It happened a month after my 16th birthday. On Friday of the last week I saw her we were all happy, joking, and having a nice time. The next week on Monday I was told by my friend's boyfriend that my friend had hung herself. I recalled that last Friday I saw her, she had asked, "Do you still have our friendship necklace?" I told her I did. I still keep it in a box with the drawings she gave me. She had been in and out of hospitals since December of 2018. None of us saw it coming. When he told me, I was in shock. I broke down first period and my teacher hugged me and gave me tissues. The school had a walkout in her honor. However, they chose the worst possible person to host it. Her name was Annabelle. She said the usual things you say to honor someone but closer to the end she said, "...and if you knew her, Maybe something you said could have prevented this." That shattered all of my friends. I attended the funeral on Thursday of that week. I had worn our friendship necklace. Annabelle wasn't there. I remember it so vividly, this was the first time I had actually seen someone dead in real life. When older family members passed when I was younger, I was never allowed to see inside the coffin. I recall being led up the steps by my friend. As soon as I saw her, I went still. I did nothing for at least half a minute. I then broke down in tears. She looked so different. I kept expecting her to move or open her eyes but she never did. The first thing I noticed was her lavender dress. She loved purple. The dress went all the way up to her neck to cover where the rope had gone. There was a small amount of blue on the tip of her nose. This was what made me break down the most. Seeing my friend withering away. I prepared a poem to read and said words about her as well. It's been a little over a year now but things have changed so much since. In October of 2019 I started trying to overdose. I felt like she was all I had for a friend. We had been so close and now she was gone and I just felt alone. I built up enough courage to reach out to a friend of mine. He comforted me that day, but after that, he started ignoring me. After class he would storm out the door and not talk to me. That only made my problem worse. My family found out in November and got rid of some things in the house. Although it wasn't as intense as in October, I continued self harm until the end of January. My friend that passed had two previous boyfriends. The first one told me a week after she had passed that, "I don't care that she died. I didn't love her anyway." And her 2nd previous boyfriend went up to me when I was feeling down and said, "Want me to show you how to tie a noose?" I told my counselor I didn't want to make it to her passing date in April, the one year mark. I was put in a behavioral hospital in mid February for a week. I returned home to see the blender, pencil sharpener, and other things missing. I had to sleep in a locked room during the night until late April. I made a video of me honoring my friend on the anniversary of her passing. Some things have been put back into the house now. I'm 17 now but the pain is still present. I'm a little bit better now than I was in April of 2019 and October too. Being able to vent about this and share this will help with getting it off my chest. I know it's very long, but I thank you for reading.