Okay so this comes to mind every time I’m flooring the ups van up the grape seed at 4.4 mph. Why in the holy hell am I doing this? I have tens of millions of dollars, why am I doing all this work? I should be able to add NPCs to my empire, like little workmen. And yes Ik you can hire online people but that’s a joke if you’re really trying to get stuff done. Can someone give me there angle on this? Or add to this? It just seems to blatantly obvious to me. I get that the servers probably can’t handle every millionaire getting an army of NPCs doing dirty work but like 3 maybe? Idk. I don’t feel like I’m a business owner criminal mastermind, I feel like I’m working a 9-5 job, like man I just wanna be a kingpin not a delivery man. If you can add NPC gang members to run jobs for you like in the nightclub, and also buy every single business for the biker gang, not just one of each type, I think it would justify the high pricing of everything. I just think there should be an update in refining what we have, rather than adding more stuff that doesn’t make sense. For instance if you have more earning potential with being able to buy more businesses, then I think stuff should be waaay more expensive. Let’s be honest these jets and damn flying motorcycles should be like 20-30 million. Adding to that some things should be waaay cheaper (it shouldn’t cost a million dollars for a POS car). If you add cheeper business startups as well, like a little marijuana plant to your house that you can later sell. It would make the game more appealing to beginners, as it stands the initial buy in price for businesses, biker, etc is very unattractive to new users. So what happens is you end up getting grinding people working a 9-5 job in game. You get fighter jets that cost the same as sports cars, so that calls for trolls, and you get players that can’t afford to be either of those, so they just kinda lurk in the shadows not being able to harness the games full potential. Kinda ranting but if you wanna add something or discuss I’m passionate about this.