Maybe someone here can tell me what to do. I didnt play Gta for about 2 years. I played a lot up until oct/november 2017, right after the Vigilante came out. My son and played a lot of races to win the money to buy them. Soon after that we moved on to other games. I came back very briefly after diamond casino came out when the penthouse was free with twitch prime. I logged in like 2 different days, spun the wheel won the drafter and never even left the casino. I started really playing again on March 13th. I soon noticed I am missing a lot. Like $30,000,000 worth of vehicles and property. I contacted R* support and at first they said they had no record of my purchases. Then they tell me they cant see player activity. I showed them proof that I am missing stuff but they quit responding to my support tickets. Under my stats it shows i had lifetime earnings of about $47,000,000. Its wrong because of a bonus of $10,600,000 i got with a purchase that for some reason wasnt added to the total, even though i recieved.  So my total is roughly $58,000,000. It shows by the total that i have spent on everything. The thing is I have only about $30,000,000 in stuff in game. And that isnt even taking out for stuff I bought at a discount or got for free. Like it says I have spent $13,000,000 on vehicles. I have about 10 cars left, 4 or 5 are ones I got for free from the wheel. The others are all cheap. The most expensive car i have is the something classic (looks like a lamborghini diablo) and I have a yacht, but i dont know if that counts as a vehicle. It says i have spent $38,000,000 on property. I have an office, bunker, nightclub, and warehouse. No where near the $38m. I don't know know what else to do. Most of the responses i get dont even make any sense. Like when i tried to explain that the $10.6m wasnt added to my lifetime earnings but that I received it and you could see that I received by my totals of what I had spent, their response to the entire thing was "our records show you received the bonus". Yeah, no shit, I said that and that was o ly one snall part of my email, they kind of ignored the rest till I kept on about it. Then I got the responses that they had no record of my purchases then that they cant see player activity. Any help?