My introduction was due to my little brother honestly. He played a game called Super Robot Wars and one day i saw him playing and was interested in the whole aspect of it. But the one I played was the OG generation so after I finished the two games on gameboy advance I wanted more thats when my little brother introduce me to Alpha Gaiden English patch. So thats when I started having my experience with Gundam it had Zeta,ZZ, Char counterattack, Wing, Turn A and X. After playing that game it wasnt til a few years after that when i finished playing Super Robot Wars J which had G Gundam and SEED that I finally decided to watch this series. So in March of this Year I started off with G Gundam love the Burning/God Gundam and the whole close combat fight aspect of it. Then I went to Wing story was good really love the Epyon and Wing Zero my only complaint on Wing was the progression of Relena as a leader that was fast. But Wing had my favorite opening out of all of them I really liked Rhythm Emotion but I had to wait until episode 40 to get it then had to wait again for the beeps in the last two episodes. After watching those two I finally started the Universal Century Timeline with Og Gundam, zeta, zz and finally char counterattack. I really liked OG Gundam with the kids figuring out how to survive in this war and Amuro progression as a pilot I liked the cast from Sayla, Bright, Char and Mirai. I was mad but respected when I find out that the reason Sayla was barely in the sequel series was due to her voice actress doing other stuff. I do wonder had she been available would she done more or maybe end up with Amuro kinda surpised that didnt happen in the shows although I read it happen in a novel where he died though and in that novel he die really early so I didn't like that. In terms of Zeta it was my least favorite partly due to that fact that they mainly fought in space and it felt like I have been watching the same events each episode. Kamille as a character I am mixed on, one episode he is more mature the next he regress back his rivalry with Jerid was ok although the final mech that Jerid used was kinda lame. Then they gave Kamille that Newtype power up for Zeta out of nowhere when he took out Yazan then Papi. Then double Zeta I liked the tone shift at the beginning but as the series progress I was really liking the Gundam Team more and more. Was totally shock at Bright letting them take care of Axis by themself and RIP Haman-Sama I really liked her relationship with Judau. They kinda glossed over why he and Roux decided to go to Jupiter though but I didn't mind there relationship. But the whole newtype stuff was getting pretty insane like I wanted a reason on the whole Puru clone stuff and did Puru-Two basically die when original Puru took over her body to help save Judau in the last episode of ZZ. But overall I liked it especially the second opening. I just watch Char Counterattack yesterday I really like the ending of Amuro and Char. Kinda funny how Char just used the whole Neo Zeon to have one last fight with Amuro. Quess purpose in all of this honestly made no sense girl got 3 guys all after her dont know why she is show special but she was very annoying in the film didn't helped with Hathaway killed Amuro girl over her as well. Then Amuro sacrifice was touching the only thing that erk me a little bit was Bright not knowing what Amuro has done cause he couldn't find the source of light was hoping he gave Amuro like a final speech or reminisce about him. Now I'm unsure what to watch next its Unicorn then SEED although playing SRW J I know the whole plot of SEED so I will just watch for the animation and voice acting really. Overall I really like Gundam and based on what I watch my favorite mechs are The Burning Gundam, Wing Zero, Epyon, Nu Gundam and the OG