I'm rewatching the show, and I have to ask... What is Yoko's deal? I can accept that she was being nice to Simon before Kamina died... For she had a thing for Kamina. But after he died, after a few days of being nice she sorta abandoned Simon. I even remember she couldn't care less about him. I know it could've been seen as tough love... And giving him space. But how she talked about him to other people, I can't call that tough love. When Simon got out of his slump, and starts acting like Kamina (alittle)... I can't make what is it that she's feeling.  Like she would stare and smile at Simon, so I thought "Oh, okay she is just proud."  Then I realised that she only encourages/ check up on Simon in battle when he definitely doesn't need it. Then I think "She simply is closer to Simon so she checks up on him more than anyone else." Then there's that one scene where she asked if Simon knew if she had a thing for Kamina. If Simon said no, then maybe something could've thrived. To me, it felt as if she buried a possibility of them being a thing. For Simon to know... It was weird. Then she was jealous of Nina... Simon's only love interest. Though that could be just because she was better at everything non essential in that universe... So for petty reasons. Aka, being a female.  I feel like most people either read too much in all situations or dismiss all the situations. I know the story is told in Simon's view. But... They are basically the same age, yet she either treats him like a child, seem "too close" other times, and admire him others. I know I wrote a lot for simply asking what is her view of Simon, but I think saying shes friendly, or that she had a latent crush on him... Both are equally plausible. I just find it weird that Simon grew into her type, and she ends up alone and worse yet still attched to Kamina after the time skip. I feel she didn't know enough about him to obsess over him... For that long. I always thought her actions were suppose to be suggestive and her words had double meanings... Toward Simon of course.