Ive had a few gut feelings in my life, but theirs one i dont think ill ever forget. I was staying with my father during a school break not too long ago, about a year at the most, and we were sleeping. While i have pretty bad insomnia, it never wakes me from sleep, it just makes it hard for me to FALL asleep. So whenever i opened my eyes at 3 in the morning, needless to say i was confused. I had this overwhealming anxiety about something, but i couldnt quite figure out what it was. Not wanting to wake my dad, as he hadnt been getting much sleep either, i got out of bed and went to the living room. My dad was an enthusiest, as he would say, and the living room walls were covered in is 'collection'. It consisted of boar spear and machetes, things of that nature, so naturally i felt a bit safer in there. I sat down in my dads chair, which is on the opposite side of the front door than bassically the rest of the house. I sat their and took slow deep breaths to calm my nerves, but this feeling wouldnt leave. I went to stand up and splash some cold water on my face when i heard it. The front door handle was being messed with. Normally it wouldnt bother me. During the day we left the door unlocked because my father always had friends over and they would never knock, but what shook me was that it didnt stop when they should have realized that the door was locked. It was that and the fact that it was really quiet, almost like they were picking the lock. I was a distance from the door, but i could still see the handle move from where i stood. The feeling in my gut grew about 100x stronger and i knew that i had to get someone. But the thing was, id have to pass really close to the door in order to make it. I had grabbed a small crossbow off the wall when i first sat down and i gripped it so tight my knuckles were white. I took slow steps torward the door, all thr while waiting for someone to just open it. I was almost past when i heard the door click and the noises stopped. I couldnt move. I was no more than two feet from the door when the door handle started to turn again. My body flew into action and i rushed into my brothers room, whi was living with my dad at the time. He heard me enter in a panic and woke up extreemely fast. I told him what happened, but before i could finish, he was running out the door into the living room. I heard him yell. But i couldnt hold myself up anymore. All of the adrenaline had passed out of my system and i dropped to the floor, the crossbow still tightly in my grip. A couple of minutes later, my bubba came back into the room to console me and ask me what happened. That night/morning shook me like nothing id ever experienced. My father was not someone who you messed with, even though he was an old man. And on top of that he lived in a fairly small town. We never figured out who did it or why, but the door had unlocked that night and whoever did it could have killed me. Ill never forget that feeling, and ill always go with my gut.