Whats up guys. I am a 29 year old male and over the past 6 months i have lost half my hair. it all started last year march 28th 2019. i went to the gym and ever since i have been dizzy 24/7. since ive been dizzy 24/7 i had to completely change my life. no more working, no more skateboarding or really anything active. and just doing everyday basic things makes me feel crazy. you can imagine the amount of stress ive been under because of all of this. (i have gone to many specialists and doctors. no answers yet. ive tried everything to figure out my dizziness) a few months later on may 15th my brother in law was ejected from his vehicle back home where im from. i live in oregon and got a call form my family in stl that i need to immediately fly home to stl because he wasnt going to make it. during this time i JUST moved into a new house so i was dizzy, i moved houses, my life changed and now my bro in law was dying... i spent four months in stl watching my bro in law fight for his life while i was severely dizzy 24/7. it was BY FAR the worst stress i have ever been thru in my entire adult life. before this all happened i had thick hair.i noticed in the summer i started just losing so much hair. it was crazy! i now have lost so much of my hair and if it keeps up at the rate it is then i will be bald for sure soon. Can you lose your hair that fast with male pattern baldness? my brother in law made it so that relieved my stress but i am still battling this mystery condition that causes me stress. i have to move to portland oregon now for better doctors so my life is just one big shit show at the moment. i have thinning all over but the top of my head looks verythin and ive noticed my hair line has gotten alot thinner along with my sides. literally 5 months ago you couldnt see my crown or see thru my hair AT ALL it was thick. i lose about 100 hairs a day which they say is "normal" but i never noticed that much coming out before this all happened to me. ive been to two dermatologists who just looked at my hair real fast and told me they think its stress related. I went to one of them this past week for a month check up and she is now saying "well it could be you're just losing your hair" when she told me that it crushed me because i went from having desirable hair to super thin hair in a matter of a half year.... idk if male pattern baldness can cause you to lose hair this fast but i am hoping i at least get some thickness back. life threw me a crazy ass curve ball this past year.