Hi. I have a confession to make :). Although I have heard a lot about the Half-Life and Portal franchises for a long time, I had never really played any game from the two franchises until last June when I built my first PC. Then I did a bit of research on the internet to find out that HL and P franchises are in the same universe. I immediately got thrilled by that information and was just in time for last Steam's summer sale so I decided to buy all related games with only less than 4$!!! (price in Vietnam). You know what happened next, I spent most of my time playing all those games and I finally understood what people had been talking about...the stories, the ambience, puzzles,... I really couldn't give any better praises for the games than anybody else because I was late to playing them. And then of course I was well awared of the undeniable truth that after I finished every game, I would have to long for the next episode :) But then came last November when Valve put out a trailer for Half-Life: Alyx. That changed everything, the game was made to be played on VR, my PC was always ready for VR, but I didn't have a VR set. I was thinking maybe I should just pre-order the game then I will reach out to somebody who is willing to let me borrow their VR set for some time. And that's exactly what I did!!! I was waiting for the release of Alyx when I talked to a guy 2 years my senior (I'm still in college) just at the start of March, asking him whether I could borrow his Oculus Rift because he wasn't really using it that much. He agreed, I was both happy and relieved. Now I just had to wait for the game to come out. And finally, Valve delivered, I've been exploring City 17 through the eyes of Alyx Vance for 2 days now. I don't want to miss any resin or magazine so I take my time, I am only at chapter 4 right now. Who knows what's ahead, right? :) Anyway I just want to share with you guys the story of my journey through the world of Half-Life and Portal, in which I feel like I'm the luckiest man alive, I didn't have to wait 13 years for a new Half-Life game :))) It only took me a few months.