So, most people don't post this sort of stuff, and I'm not sure whether or not this will be taken well, but I notice that most games with very good gunplay have a varied sandbox with each weapon having an intended role. This is also why games like MW2 and HALO 3 are so fun even to this day. Not one gun feels or functions the same. Take an example, the BR in Halo 3. It is a utility weapon that's good in most scenarios, but can struggle in extreme close or extremely long range. Let me just look at Halo 3's sandbox and show what in talking about. You've got the SMG which is good in close range and devastating in very close range when dual wielded, and then you have the shotgun which outputs a high amount of damage up close. You've also got the sword, a very defensive weapon that can be used when you're being rushed by the enemy team. You then have the assault rifle which is good for consistently taking away enemy's shields when following up with a melee attack. Next, we have the BR which is good at pretty much reliable in most situations, or to sum it up, is "Ol Reliable". We then have the rocket launcher which is best used against infantry, and the Spartan laser that is your standard anti-vehicle weapon of destruction. There's the sniper which is great for taking out targets from a distance. See what I'm getting at here? These weapons all have a place in the sandbox. Now, let's look at Halo 5 and the over reliance on variants. The variants are cool, don't get me wrong, but they all just feel the same. For something to be fun, it needs to be diverse. Make sure it is. Please, make the AR and the SMG only dominant in close range, make the pistol a weapon that is reliable when you're all out of your primary ammo and you need to switch to it to get the kill quickly. Make the BR your standard utility weapon "Ol Reliable", the DMR should suffer in extreme close range but be devastating in mid to long range combat. As for the vehicles, make the scorpion (this is easy, but thought I'd put it) good against infantry and ground vehicles, but struggle against air vehicles. I could go on and on forever, but y'all probably would get the point from here if you read all of this. Stay indoors, and have a great day everyone.