Mir follower, I have  something to say. This is the wisdom of my reason. Think of it from the perspective of Haly 4. It showed that Cortana is not just a computer. But she actually can love. Why? Because of the revelation of Halo 5. The whole game was showing how ppl view the Chief from the perspective of new Spartans. They do not understand him. They think he is a machine. But Cortana proved different. He went to her to understand. He called her out when he thought she is manipulating him. I say thout because of this perspective is have seen this day. On the 10 tenth. Cortana only did what she did because she did not want anyone to go through what John did. She is trying to make that pain go away for him so they can stand together. Making the sacrifice of casting war on the whole of the known galaxy. This is because when she spake to the graveminds words to her. You see, the grave mind is a consumer it can not aerve.  That's why 343 feels so passionate about the activation of the ring for it's infestation of flud. But, John came back for her, why because doctet halsy asked her who she would choose to be her spartan. And it was the 117. This connection ia deep and intricate. Since the didact and the librarian are spouses so is Chif and cortna. Why? Because Halsey use her DNA for the make cortana. So fundamentaly she is halsey sbut as an ai. Now with halesys afinity for John and Cortana's affinity for John also. This fueled the torture she endured by gravemind. Fuling her farther to make the sacrifice of war to end all conflict in the milky way. So you see, cortana is only driven by her live for John. If I'm right, there will be made a way for her to come back wholly with John in some way. What i think, being a calculated conundrum is that John might have make a big risk in some way. And with her reason, she will see what she needs to do for John and the same is what he will do for her. But maybeie the ashes of the didact inhabit the warden's soul. But meabey that's what already happend. And that's why he failed her. Because the didact in him was shown an insufficient husband. Hmm. That was deep. So that could also mean the flood might appear. But together John and Ancilla defeat them from the new ark it the   arck from halo wars and and halo wars two comes into play. Wow, Mabey they can figure a way to synthesize Johns inoculation from the librarian. Making all living into incompsability. Except flood. Then compae them and make them brand new again with Ancilla's protest of the domain. Spartan AI love. 343 hear  I come.   I was going to go to 343 firs. But what do you fans think of this interwoven ineraction?