i need some help! :( i recently bought a dwarf hamster from petco about last month, managed to tame it within a few days, at first it was very playful with me and never bit me once unless my hand smelled like food and forgot to wash my hands, always climbed all over my hand, arms and my shoulders, etc. when buying it, i also had given him paper bedding, 10 gallon tank to live in, 4 inches of bedding, a big wheel, some sticks and a few wood chews, and everything was perfectly normal! up until now, actually. so im sure i successfully tamed it right? even bonded with it in the bathtub, took some advice from this youtuber named victoria raechal who gave lots of tips and helpful info on hamsters so i didn’t have much trouble. i gave it treats so it could get on my hand and eventually learn to not be shy and scared of me but now it’s acting very aggressive to not just me but everyone he’s ever played with. he bites hard and even draws blood, leaves marks, which he has never done before. everytime i even change his food or spot clean he just goes up to my hand and bites it even though im not doing anything? sometimes he’ll come out to see who’s hand is in his cage and he just kicks his bedding at me and goes back to burrow. he used to come out a lot to play on his wheel but not anymore, at least i haven’t seen him. he still eats and drinks a little but now he’s constantly in his tunnels of the bedding. i also forgot to mention, when i wasn’t able to spot clean because of quarantine (we didn’t have bedding to fill in) he had a wet spot around his genital area but i didn’t think much of it. he doesn’t have it anymore since i changed the bedding, which speaking of, i wasn’t able to choose my own bedding and my dad had bought pinewood bedding, i hadn’t realized and i put it in without thinking, till i saw the label when putting new bedding in his cage and saw the label ‘pinewood’ and we immediately went to go get new bedding thats right for him a few days later. but around that time he just stopped going on my hand, he always wanted to crawl all over my hand and arms but now he just sniffs it, looks at it and either bites me or gets defensive which i don’t get why? i even upgraded his cage to a bin cage which is a bit bigger than the 10 gallon cage, he always hides behind his wheel now all of a sudden, please help me :(