Okay so I’ve had my hamster Phoebe for almost two years, so she’s rather old. I have her in a rank with a metal topper and a ramp connecting them. So yesterday in the evening, she had her usual routine where she gets up and goes up the ramp to her metal topper where her water bottle and food are, and ate some food and drank some water and went back to bed per usual. Later at around 10, I noticed she was lying in front of her house instead of in it, so I tried to get her up so she was in her house, and when she stood up she started wobbling when she walked and couldn’t stand up for very long, so I took her out and put her on the floor, hoping the change in surface would help with her balance. Her hind legs were barely able to keep her up, and she slid around, so I put her back in her tank. She struggled to walk more, and when she tried to get up the ramp to her metal topper, she’d just slip and fall off. She slept outside her house the entire night, and I was afraid maybe she was getting sick since she felt cold to the touch. I put a hot water bottle in her tank near her and went to bed, hoping she’d be better in the morning. Well, she wasn’t better this morning. She was much worse. Her ears were flat against her head and she couldn’t open her eyes all the way. She still couldn’t walk and was having a very hard time breathing (her breaths were extremely rapid) and she wouldn’t eat or drink anything, and was still cold to the touch. I warmed up another water bottle and left it in her cage for a bit while I went out. When I got back, she hadn’t moved from her spot in front of her house. I tried to offer her food but she didn’t want it, and attempted to give her water with a water dropper but as soon as she put her mouth on it, she’d freak out and hide in the corner. I touched her again to see if she was still cold, and she was, so I tried to pick her up but she tried to bite me and started making these awful screaming sounds (and she’s never made any noises at all since I’ve had her). I decided to leave her be, since I seemed to be distressing her, and she went into the corner and fell asleep again. She stayed that way for quite a few hours, her breathing getting really fast then getting really slow. She would rock back and forth whenever she stood up, and couldn’t get up enough to reach into her food dish, yet refused food when I offered it. She had almost all of the symptoms of a dying hamster, and I was crying and crying, afraid that this was the end. But then, she woke up from one of her long naps, started walking around perfectly fine, started burrowing for the first time in about a month, was stuffing her cheeks with food and running up and down her ramp. Her ears were back to their normal position. She even stood on her hind legs quite a few times, which surprised me a lot considering she could barely use them before. And now she’s perfectly fine. She let me take her out without any fussiness and wandered about the floor like she usually does. I’m not sure what happened to change the fact that she was most definitely dying. I sat by her cage almost the entire day and watched her sleep and wobble when she walked and struggle to breathe and not eat. And now she’s back to normal, almost acting like she’s younger than she actually is. Again, I’m not sure what happened.