So, did my first sharpening session today. Just as a note, I'm totally new to hand tools (planes, chisels) and sharpening. Wanted to put down my thoughts and some observations. Pictures can be seen [here](https://imgur.com/a/tPJUVK5). In general, I'm following most of the recommendations of Paul Sellers. And have done a fair amount of research over the last 2 months on different techniques, jig use, etc.....  In order to prepare for all of this, I purchased the Eze-Lap diamond stones (250, 600, 1200). I then built a sharpening station. I also purchased the Veritas Deluxe Honing guide. I purchased a set of Narex chisels, but didn't want to start with those, as a newbie, so started with the set of Buck Brothers chisels I bough 20 years ago and have mistreated horribly. Also note that all the chisels had a primary bevel in the 25° range. I started by flattening the back, and from what I saw they didn't seem to be far off from flat. Then I moved on to doing the primary bevel. I used regular blue Windex, since it was on hand. That all seemed to go well, it was difficult for me to really know how long to remain at each grit level for the primary bevel. But once I moved on to the secondary bevel, it all started to click and I could really see the progress. On the Veritas jig, you rotate the bottom dial, and it increases the angle 2°.  So the secondary bevel should be 27°. Finished up with green abrasive on leather strop. Immediately did the shave arm hair test and was not disappointed, as you can see in the pictures. At this point I want to note that I am very impressed with the Veritas jig, can't imagine trying this as a beginner without it, or even with just a regular eclipse style jig. I also want to say that I would disagree with many of the reviews that said the amount of setup time with the jig was time consuming. I found that to go pretty quickly, and I imagine that time will decrease the more practice I get. So I did the 3 chisels and was amazed by the results, in a relatively short amount of time, again for someone who has never done this. I then moved on to my Stanley #5 iron. This was a little concerning to me, since I just got this recently and its' in great shape, and I was afraid my inexperience would ruin the iron. But I followed the exact same process, and was very pleased with the results. Again, you can see the results in the pictures, ended up with some beautiful curls. 2 points that were interesting to me, I was surprised at how messy a process this is. Not a problem, just surprised that in all the tutorials I read and watched that never really came across. That slurry really seems to splatter all over the place. Also I used significantly more Windex that I would have originally thought necessary. As soon as the diamond stone seemed to get dry... I would spray more on.  Other than that I'm very pleased that I have a new skill to add to my arsenal and can really start to use the tools more effectively. Moxon vice is next, in order to teach myself dovetails.  Thanks for listening.