So it's kinda funny how long it took me to realise this, but I'm not depressed anymore! I've struggled with depression since I was 11, and I've always had a heavy feeling running in the background because of it. Every now and then, I end up having a good day, and I think wow, this is really awesome, but I still have to keep fighting. I've been in and out of therapy since I was 13, had to do my GCSE's in a unit and dropped out of college twice and tried to commit suicide twice throughout this time. Now I'm at the end of a two year college course that I didn't drop out of, I met my boyfriend of a year and a half in this course, and I'm finishing top of my class. In September, I'm moving out for university. I'll be living on my own in a different city to go to my first choice university and I was so afraid that I wouldn't be able to cope with it all mentally. Over the past couple weeks, due to the lockdown in my country, I've been taking things one day at a time. I don't know when it happened, whether it was so gradual that I didn't notice, or whether one day my brain just flipped a switch, but for the past couple days, at the end of each day I've thought 'wow, I've had a great day today, despite everything happening I feel good!' It was only today that I realised I haven't had many depressing thoughts over the past two weeks, if any at all! I'm happy without trying, and this realisation is only making me feel even better. Of course I miss my friends and my boyfriend, but even when I get sad because of not seeing the I'm still keeping a positive mindset. I honestly thought that I'd be the way I was forever, and I'd come to accept that, and maybe one day I'll find myself struggling again, but damn, I forgot how possible it is to feel so good every day! I love my life, and I love myself, finally. I can do anything I put my mind to! I wouldn't have been able to do it if I hadn't have surrounded myself with such positive people, namely my boyfriend. If you're still reading, thank you for taking the time to listen to my positive ramblings, and I hope you're having a great day too!