I’m a college junior. I’ve tried so hard for the past two years to major in engineering and it was miserable. I wasn’t cut out for it, but I couldn’t accept that. I couldn’t fathom the thought of not being in an engineering major because that’s what I wanted to do for so long. I loved science my whole life and I’m an organic chemistry fanatic, the whole subject really fascinates me. Bio was always a ton of fun, and I loved anything that had to do with psychology, criminology, forensics, etc. How I thought engineering was the best major for me, I’ll never know. It took until last semester for me to truly realize that. I couldn’t understand why any math past calc 2 was impossible despite hours of work and tutoring. I don’t get comp sci and I don’t think I ever will, nothing clicked. Physics exams gave me actual nightmares. For 2 1/2 years I felt so stressed. I gained weight, I avoided people, and I avoided owning up to what was happening because I didn’t want to admit to myself that I won’t be an engineer. I late-dropped all but one class last semester simply to keep myself enrolled in the university. I switched into forensic chem because I’d have to do the least amount of extra time to graduate. This semester has been all chemistry, bio, crim, forensics, and an elementary stat class. I’ve never felt so good about my academics before. I hadn’t felt that way since high school, it felt so good to know I was doing well in all of my classes, and that for the first time since I enrolled, playing catchup was actually working. I’ve just been so happy and my stress levels have seriously gone down. It just didn’t really hit me until now. I was talking to my academic adviser from my old major to sort out some documentation and such, and she’s known me since I applied. She told me I was like a different person this semester. She said she’s never seen me this happy before, and that usually when she’d see me the stress levels coming off of me were comparable to if I’d just booked it in there and slammed the door shut because I was being hunted down by a mob or something. She said that she’s never heard me talk that confidently about any classes since my last gen chem course. My friends and parents have seen it too. My mom could tell the difference over the phone. I didn’t realize it until I got my period yesterday. Brief background here, I’m on birth control so my period is scheduled. However, in the past three years the arrival time has gotten later and later. It used to be Thursday morning or wednesday night, then it moved to thursday night, then friday morning, etc. It’s been years since I’ve had it happen on wednesday. High stress levels are known to be the cause behind changes in menstrual cycles, so I assumed that’s why it was later. This month it came wednesday morning for the first time in years, and that to me is proof that my stress and anxiety have gone down significantly. I feel so much more comfortable, confident, and happy than I was for the past two years, and I’m just do grateful that I was able to figure that out before I was stuck in a career I was awful at, or worse if I’d dropped out of college before figuring it out Just feeling so happy today!