 On February 14th 2019 I attempted suicide, I was going through some stuff that had finally just made me give up. During that time my heart had stopped for a little over five minutes, the doctors after that time had finally gotten me to respond which lead to an almost full recovery not including memory loss and a now small speech problem, after that happened my family stopped talking to me after they read my note stating I was Pansexual and was in love with my best friend (female) eventually we started talking again after threats were made and all that, since then and up to November of 2019 I was still experiencing problems at home and my school/co-op. I was finally able to get ahold of myself and just talk with my family about everything and how I really felt, which caused them to open up and explain everything. I’ve started working harder when it comes to my studies, I now work at a job I love and my family and I are now very close and get along so much better, my Abuelita (The only family member that stuck by me even after everything had gone down) who was living with my Tío at the time has finally decided to retire and move north with us this Friday. I’ve adopted two parakeets named Revali and Bailen and adopting a cockatiel hopefully next week, I’ve made up with some old friends I had shut out and now go out a bit more then I use to! Though I completely regret my decision last year I’ve been able to turn my life around. I’m sorry if this post was all over the place I’m just so fricking happy that despite everything I’ve done I was able to get it all back and more, I’ve completely changed as a person and feel so much better about myself. Not sure if this was a good enough story to post here but I don’t really know who to tell and I just had to let it out somewhere. Last thing is I just wanna say despite what happens you shouldn’t just give up, there were a few things I don’t wanna mention going on in my life that hit really hard, and after the last thing crashed into me I just crumbled... honestly I wish all the time I could just go back and slap myself to just stop myself from doing what I did, even though my story turned out happy doesn’t mean yours will if you choose the same path. If you need help don’t be afraid to ask, it hurts so much to just keep it inside, now go out there kick some ass and take on the world you beautiful humans.