Melodic Hardcore changed and helped me through the best and worse times of my life. I grew up on pop punk and early 2000s emo bands like Mayday Parade, My Chemical Romance, Blink 182 and a ton of other pop punk bands. Also grew up on scenecore bands. Ever since I was a kid I was dealing with depression, self esstem issues and constantly getting bullied. I still do even though my college years. I didn't belong anymore I wasn't smart for the smart kids I wasn't into games, comics and movies like the nerdy kids and I wasn't into sports. So I didnt belong into school. I felt left out and didnt belong anywhere. I went to church but everyone there spoke Chinese and most of the kids ignored me. Growing up my parents would constantly fight and it had an effect on me. My parents fight less now and I have a better relationship with my dad. Grade 7 was hell because I was the new kid at school and was struggling with making friends and getting used to studying and homework and life at home was shit. My cousin introduced me to heavy muisc bands Bring Me The Horizon, A Day To Remember and a ton of bands in different genres. He gave me a warped tour compilation. I loved it. The screaming helped to make me release all my emotions. Thing is the lyrics were all about girls and being edgy or when it was emotional it felt cheesy. A couple of year go by and I discovered Being As An Ocean and that got me into bands like More Than Life, Defeater and Faithlovehope. It was everything I wanted. What drew me into melodic hardcore was how it had the heaviness of hardcore bands like Backtrack but the melodic sound of emo bands like More Than Life, Runier, Dead Swans, Verse, The Carrier, Defeater, Another Breath and Landscapes just to name a few. Those bands had tough looking hardcore guys with tattoos but they played emotional music. It made me realized that guys can be emotional and you can let out all of your emotions. Also we had melodic hardcore bands likes Counterparts, Shai Hulud and Misery Signals which have the chug chug chug of metalcore but the melodic cleans of post rock and emo. The lyrics also spoke with me being a disappointment to my dad, being a loser no one cares about and battling with a ton of other stuff. I finally had a place where I could let out my emotions and not to feel alone. Later on I discovered Skramz and AtmoBlack Metal. Melodic hardcore also was there during my best times and most important times of my life. Listening to bands like Worthwhile during my grade 10 camp watching the sunrise and realizing I need to change my life and on that day I became a Christian. Listening to Forget The Hate while climbing my first 6 hour hike it gave me strength and motivation to climb it. I'm still a emotional person but I'm still alive and still surviving. I'm a much better person than before. If you read this thank you for taking the time and reading this