Ekrizdis Kolasi was a dark wizard of Greek descent and the original inhabitant of the fortress of Azkaban. Alone on Azkaban's island, which was at the time uncharted by both Muggles and other Wizardkind, Ekrizdis practised the worst kinds of dark magic and lured, tortured and killed Muggle sailors who passed the fortress. Ekrizdis was born sometime in the early 15th Century to Alala and Gerasimos Kolasi on the fictional Greek Island of Serrunthios where he was raised. Ekrizdis had a very unhappy childhood as his parents had an extremely toxic relationship, they were forced into marriage by their parents at a very young age and would physically and mentally abuse one another. The pair were very well-known individuals on the island and were minor celebrity's in Greece. They were completely obsessed about how members of the public viewed them. Their son, Ekrizdis, began exhibiting magical ability from just a few days old, something extremely uncommon even in the world of magic. As he grew, Ekrizdis would spend days studying ancient magical texts some of which would contain the darkest of spells. His parents were fully aware of their son's growing obsession with dark magic but let him continue, all they cared about is that it stayed hidden from the outside world. When Ekrizdis was 20 his mind had been warped, all he had done is sat in his room and practice dark magic for the majority of his life. He had read a story about how lots of magic had originated in Scotland and so decided that he wanted to visit this place for himself. Ekrizdis ventured to Scotland and rented a small cottage in the Highlands where he spent most of his days luring deer and rabbits into the house and using them to practice his dark magic. Eventually, Ekrizdis ran out of food and so travelled down to the small muggle village at the bottom of the mountain to buy some food. During his first visit to the village Ekrizdis met a lad called Bryston Mclachlan. the boys were of similar ages and began chatting about the village and how they each came to be there. Bryston told Ekrizdis that he had been born and raised there and loved the small village so much that he never wanted to leave. the boys seemed to have a spark and connected with one another straight away, they began to meet one another in secret and soon enough they developed a sexual relationship. Due to the time period, the boys had to keep the nature of their relationship a secret as it was not accepted for 2 men to be in a loving relationship with each-other. Ekrizdis ended up buying the small cottage that he had been living in and invited Bryston to move in with him, Bryston agreed but they both decided to tell others that Bryston had been made homeless and had to move in with Ekrizdis. Ekrizdis' dark personality seemed to subside when he was with Bryston and eventually it disappeared. after keeping their relationship a secret for 3 long years the pair decided to make it official by kissing one another in the village. The locals seemed to be happy for them however 2 teenagers began hurling rocks at the boys and calling them names. Bryston chased the boys out on to a field where he began to duel them both, Ekrizdis chased after them but as he stepped out onto the field Bryston was hit with 2 stunning spells at once, killing him dead. A darkness soon rose within Ekrizdis and he used his knowledge of dark magic to avenge his lovers death. he tortured the two boys using the Crutio curse, he then dragged them both to a nearby stream where he drowned them and slit their throats. Ekrizdis returned to his cottage and broke down, he had lost the only thing that had ever brought him any kind of happiness. He burned the cottage down and set sail on a small boat he and Bryston had built together. Ekrizdis washed up on a large pile of rocks which were the foundation to a huge rock fortress. he used his wand to open the door and entered. The word Azkaban had been engraved into the fortress' stones. Ekrizdis liked this place, the darkness matched his soul. He stayed here for many many years luring muggle sailors and torturing them to death. He died alone, on a stone cold floor.