Honestly, I think Harry and Ginny are too similar. They’re both hot headed and reckless at times. They’re both good fighters and intuitive, but also impulsive and I think they could have trouble making the right decisions as a duo. I know there’s the one off hand thing that she’s not a crier and he likes that, but idk, seems a little flimsy to conclude they’re perfect for each other from that.More than that though, it’s two things. One, I just want good things for Ginny, she’s a great character, and I wish she was given a future that was more badass independent quidditch player, less Harry Potter’s trophy. Harry and Ginny is this cliche, hero gets the pretty girl thing, and to me it regresses her character arc. She starts the series being a timid fangirl of Harry, and he’s literally the knight in shining armor to slay the beast with a sword and rescue her. Then she becomes her own character not defined by Harry anymore, only to fall right back into that, and we’re told she never really gave up on him. Nothing against the H/G ship, unlike Romione I don’t dislike them together for any reason, but the pairing and tropes just don’t do it for me here. Not my personal preference.Second, it’s the development time over the series. Harry and Ginny only becomes a thing pretty suddenly in HBP. Sure, there are clues that they’re endgame, but there’s not much really in the way of development of their relationship on page, no growing together through shared experiences over time. Contrast to Harry and Hermione, who spend the whole series together on adventures and grow closer over time. They follow the “show don’t tell” rule of storytelling much more than the canon ships do imo. It feels much more organic to me, probably in no small part because Rowling wasn’t ever trying to force them as a couple. I’m compelled by relationships in stories that build over time and show me the moments where they build bonds of friendship and trust and all that.Basically, in universe, I think they’re too similar in some ways, out of universe, I’m not compelled by the storyline and tropes they follow, and I ship characters that grow organically together over time.