So for my birthday this year my adoring boyfriend decided to rent us a little A line cabin in the woods of the white mountains. Originally we had plans to stay Friday and Saturday night but only ending up staying Friday for reasons I will explain later. We get there Friday around 2 o'clock. We bring our things in and both of us get a weird vibe from the jump but neither of us say anything to one another because we really wanted to have a good time. First things first and my boyfriend starts to make a fire for the fireplace. He does so by taking a large knife and shave pieces of wood off the logs for the kindling. The tip of the knife breaks and he says to me... this will be much harder to stab you with later tonight. I look at him like what the fuck he looks at me like what the fuck why would I say that. We sit by the fire until the evening barely saying anything to each other. The tv is right in front of a giant window with no curtains. We end the night by watching a movie in front of said scary window. We go upstairs to sleep and my boyfriend barricades us into our room I ask him why he says he has a bad feeling. I wake up in the middle of the night because I have to pee but I'm too afraid to go alone so I wake my boyfriend he accompanies me to the restroom. I text my bestfriend before I fall back asleep saying I dont feel right in the house (I'll include screenshots after this post). We wake up I thank my boyfriend for coming with me to the restroom when I was scared last night when he informs me he took me to the bathroom after we had sex. I assure him we did not have sex he swears we did. Weird... anyway next day we wake up take a drive through the white mountains. We get home around one.. james says hes tired and goes upstairs to nap. During this time hes taking a nap I have 0 recollection of what I did during that time. He wakes up from the nap and we both decide we need to leave and something is not right. We packed our shit in like 5 mins flat and dipped the hell out.