"They never do sleep well, do they?" The man said. "Sir pentious will be back. That I can guarantee. Now, I wouldn't imagine that you know of a place to stay in hell would you?" The boy said. "Heh, this place is out of my realm of probability." The man said back. "But I did hear some demons talking about a shitty hotel around here." "Well, I'll have to see for myself. You know where Huricain is?" The boy asked. "No clue." He looked at the rooftop where charlie stood, and their eyes met. The boy waved, and walked toward the door of the hotel. Charlie ran to the door leading to the lobby and said "Were about to have visitors, Everyone!" There was a knock on the door, and charlie swung it open. The boy was standing there, with a smile. "The names Lazarus." He said. "Charlie" She said with a smile. The man walked up to Lazarus and whispered something in his ear. "That there is Arsenal. He's wondering if we could stay here until our job is done." Lazarus said. "To be perfectly honest, I think it's safer with you guys here than anywhere else." Charlie said with a smile. "Perfect. Arsenal, can you bring in the luggage?" "Sure". Arsenal pulled out a small remote and pushed a button. A huge Portal opened up above them, and a giant ship, the size of a football field, came through. a suitcase was dropped down, and Lazarus jumped up and caught it. he opened it and pulled out a sphere and an Ipad. He handed the suitcase to arsenal and walked inside the hotel. Husk was at the bar, with angel sitting at a stool. "That spider is going to give me nightmares, isn't he?" Lazarus said. "Oh, the only nightmares I give are sweet dreams, big boy." Angel dust said with a sexy tone. "You know what? Imma Virgin, And I would like to keep it that way." Angel dust just smiled even more. Lazarus just walked up the stairs and entered a room. Angel tried to walk in after, But as soon as Lazarus closed the door, Glowing blue chains made an X over the door and an electric field enveloped the door. "You gave me a reason, and I took the opportunity." Lazarus said. Angel walked of with a frown.