AAAAAH. God. I'm so fucking over this nonsense it's just so frustrating. For the past 6 or 7-ish months, I've had a sore, irritated vagina, unusual dryness (Like no discharge leaves my body. If I put a finger inside, it comes out covered in an odorless, tacky, glue-ish paste substance), itching, uncomfortable anus, and almost a pinching feeling on my clitoris and urethra area. It all started when I became sexually active (May 2019) so I got tested like 6 times and I've had BV and yeast infections treated before but this is something else. Something persistent. After seeing stuff about Ureaplasma on this sub, I asked my gynecologist about it and she tested me for it about 2 months ago. It came back positive, and she gave me a weeks worth of 2x a day Doxycycline and no other information. I took the course of antibiotics and my discharge started to become normal again, clear and stretchy and liquidy. The burning/pinching sensations and the itching was still there, but at least the discharge was looking more normal. I saw that many people on this sub said they experienced long-lasting symptoms after their course of antibiotics too so I decided to wait it out. and then about 3 weeks after completing the course and normal-ish discharge, all the symptoms came back. The dryness, the pain, everything. It was like an overnight change... I was livid! I immediately made an appointment for the gynecologist bc she wouldn't prescribe me anything over the phone and I had to sneak out of my house to go (pandemic-anxious parents). Had her test me for BV, yeast infection, UTI, and Ureaplasma again and I TESTED NEGATIVE FOR EVERYTHING! What are these symptoms indicative of then????????? I just feel like there's no answers and no treatment and no doctor wants to take this seriously or look into this at all. I've seen 3 gynos (all in the same practice [insurance reasons]) and they all never followed up or gave me any ideas on how to feel better. I'm hygienic, I eat decently, I could drink some more water etc, boric acid really doesn't help, theres no difference with feminine probiotics, IDK what to do anymore. Please, if someone can suggest ANYTHING, I'd be so grateful. I'm positive it's related to my sex life (despite being inactive for the last 6 months) because I'd never had a single problem with my vagina before this.