So I recently had to get new health insurance ASAP because my dad lost his job. My last day under my old insurance UMR was April 30.  [IMPORTANT DETAILS] I had to undergo urgent spinal surgery on Monday, which was approved by my old insurance so I didn’t have to worry about that. And luckily a third party was going to cover whatever my insurance didn’t cover. But now I’m stuck in this situation where I am loosing my prior health insurance and need a new one where my hospital is covered for checkups. Called BCBS and found a plan... perfect. EXCEPT it would not start until June 1st and I needed it IMMEDIATELY because someone from my third party was on my ass about getting health insurance.  The people at BCBS offered a temporary 90 day health insurance. Perfect. While doing the applications I can’t remember if they asked if I had surgery, but they did ask if I had been hospitalized in last year. I SAID NO. THINKING THEY MEANT AS A I CALLED 911, GOT RUSHED TO THE ER TYPE OF HOSPITALIZATION. if I had said “yes” then I would not qualify for this insurance plan. Paper work gets sent, done. Then after reading more about the plan BCBS made it clear they will not cover pre-existing conditions... such as my surgery but I did not tell the BCBS officer about my surgery because all I wanted was to get health insurance and get this person off my ass. So i get my insurance, tell my third party, and she’s all like “thank god”. Then I break the bad news about the details i read and say along “ listen.... my new insurance will not cover pre-existing conditions such as my surgery, follow up, and physical therapy so either the third party pays for the rest of my visits  (because my Injury was on their hands) or you guys send me somewhere cheaper where you still pay. I have done everything I can on my end” but my conscious felt bad for lying about not having had surgery. I call the person who had helped me and I was like listen... I have been hospitalized but I got confused and thought that your question meant hospitalization as in I called 911 and got rushed as an emergency. (I’m 20 so this is ALL NEW TO ME. And I’ve been getting no help from my parents) she said there’s nothing she can do that the application I’m has been sent. I tell her I’m sorry but I just need this for emergency, while I wait for my dad to get a job. That everything that has to do with my surgery will he covered by the third party . She did not tell me much other than reiterating that they will not cover pre-existing. So now here I am anxious about lying bc it’s 3rd degree fraud but it was a genuine confusion... WILL I GO TO JAIL????? My peer told me worse case that I get denied for that plan and can buy another one that won’t start until June. Thoughts from anyone? I’m scared.