I’m 19F and in college and honestly have been living the last 6 months in hell. It started in August when I would become violently suicidal right before my periods, I would never ever consider even doing anything before that but on the days before I would genuinely contemplate jumping off a bridge. I would feel super out of control and then my periods came. I did a little research and concluded it could possibly be PMDD. However, after the first time it happened, I began having horrible numbness in my feet and legs, burning, tingling, nerve pain, etc. I also had (and still have) a rash on my labia and vulva, extending to my anus (so sorry for the TMI) as well as intense itching all over my body where I felt like I had bugs under my skin (that went away after about two weeks). The rash was at first explained by a yeast infection, but then persisted after it was cured and has been there for over 6 months making me feel gross and uncomfortable, with no signs of BV, yeast, trich, or STDS. I also started getting sick all of the time when I’ve always been in decent health.  Due to these physical symptoms, I forgot all about the PMDD and was focusing on my physical health because I honestly thought I was going to die of a brain tumor or become severely paralyzed. Yes I know this sounds insane but as someone who’s been really healthy their entire life having this come out of nowhere with no explanation was truly terrifying, and I’ve never been a hypochondriac so I didn’t feel I was overreacting. I’ve had multiple blood tests done for the numbness and everything looks normal. About 2 months in to this ordeal began horribly panicking and had intense health anxiety because no one could tell me what was wrong and honestly it seemed like none of the doctors believed me or really cared. They blamed it all on anxiety but I’ve had anxiety for the entirety of my life and never had these symptoms, and I could honestly tell they didn’t take me seriously because I’m a teenager and a woman and i began getting really depressed. I also thought I was genuinely dying because more and more of my legs would lose sensation over time but they told me nothing was wrong. I recently got a back MRI due to the fact I have severe scoliosis I and I seem to have a slightly dislocated disc which could explain the numbness. After having a violent panic attack out of nowhere the other day and getting my period shortly after I decided to look up physical symptoms of PMDD and it said, rashes, skin issues, frequent illness and respiratory infections and foot tingling and numbness. My question is that these issues persist all of the time, not just before my period, they just get way worse before and during my period. Today was the first day of my period and I spent the entire day in bed, unable to feel my legs with intense cramps and horrible brain fog. I’m wondering if this is a mix of my back issues and PMDD, or possibly something else? Has anyone experienced or heard of something similar? Any advice, information, or suggestions would be greatly appreciated. If you read this far, I really appreciate it.