Hey everyone, recently I was diagnosed with somatic symptom disorder, after visiting several different doctors and hospitals. All started mid December, when after spicy food dinner I start feeling pulsation/popping on the left side of my abdomen, very close to the rib cage. I did the biggest mistake then and googled it. It gave worst case scenarios, as always. I tried to take it easy at first and avoid going to the doctor, to see if it goes away on its own. Couple weeks later I still had all the symptoms plus I started feeling weird bowel movements, which would disturb my sleep. After one of the drinking night I threw up and very next morning my abdomen started to hurt. I had to rush to the doctor, cause both of my parents suffered from pancreases and stomach ulcers. My anxiety skyrocketed. I would feel bloated all the time, my stomach would be burning after every time I would eat and popping/ pulsating sensation would be present as well. I had to exclude all the alcohol and coffee along with the fried food. Focused on eating oatmeal, fruits and healthy proteins in small portions. The first doctor I went to told me I most likely have reflux decease, did routine blood work and  h pilori breathing test. On all my concerns to do endoscopy he declined, by saying that h pilori infection need to be treated first and only after, if I feel same, they will have to do procedure. I was prescribed antibiotics for h pilori, which made me feel even worse. My stomach became so sensitive to the point when I couldn’t eat normal. I started waking up at night right after I fall asleep in sweats and could go back to sleep normally for the rest of the night. I started getting flashes and chills and feeling like I have a fever. My weight also dropped, which made me even more terrified. I googled symptoms again and my life turned to nightmare. Stomach started hurting to the point, when I could think of anything but the pain. I decided to pay out of pocket for endoscopy to clear things out. Endoscopy showed gastritis and reflux disease. I calmed me down for couple of days. But then anxiety came back even stronger cause I was still sweating at night and my weight was declining. I went back to my doctor and explained all my concerns, on which he said that blood work would definitely show something abnormal. I insisted to additional tests and he ordered x rays of my chest and abdomen( both came back normal) it helped me to feel better for couple days, but night sweats and feeling unrested made my anxiety come back again. Desperately I started going to Emergency room panicking. First time they did all blood work possible, CT of my brain and chest x ray. Everything came back normal. They handed me all results. I started looking all blood work up online and became paranoid even more. I convinced myself that something is wrong and they just don’t pay it much attention. I kelp going to different hospitals, where they did two additional blood works and I convinced them to do CT of my abdomen and pelvis( all came back normal). At that point I started feeling flashes and chills all the time, my back would heart, lymph nodes on my neck felt with pulsation, night sweats didn’t go away. I was terrified and losing my mind. I was ready to accent any worst diagnosis at that point. During one of my visits to the hospital, they suggested to see psychiatrist, which I did. Doctor prescribed me Prozac. Talk to me about all blood work and test done and said that everything looks normal and I lost my weight due anxiety and stress( which was about 8-10 pounds in a month). I tried to explain, that I eat normal, only avoid coffee and alcohol. He was still not concerned. At first I wanted to avoid taking antidepressant and see if I can manage on my own. About a week ago I started examining myself again and discovered bumps on my upper legs, inner side of the leg. Couple days later my right leg started hurting insanely bad with burning pain. I had to rush to the hospital again, where after examining they told me that everything looks normal. They said that I looked very anxious and asked if I’m taking my meds. Doctor reviewed all my previous blood work and tests and said there is no reason for concern. They send me home. At this point my mental state was in a very bad shape. I could sleep, I was sweating, my legs were aching so bad, I was feeling lymph nodes next to my ears and I was convinced I had a fever. I went back to the hospital again complaining about my pain and night sweats and weight loss. I also was lucky enough to have a doctor who talked me through everything I was experiencing. He assured me again that I’m healthy and there is nothing to worry about. He talked me through blood work and CT exams and x rays. He also said that I do have somatic symptom disorder and my health anxiety directly connected to it. Doctor was very patient and examined my legs again and answered all my stupid questions. I felt such a relief. I started taking Prozac. Flushes and chills went away, stomach pain as well. The only thing bothering me is that I can’t sleep still. I wake up in the middle of the night and can’t go back to sleep. I check my bed sheets to see if I sweating or not. I feel too hot of too cold. I’m taking melatonin for better sleep, but it doesn’t really help. I been feeling trapped again. It scares me. I have an urgent need to go to the hospital again. Please share your tips on how you cope with it.