Hi. I recently lost my health insurance. I am currently looking for a new job that offers health insurance but I am not sure what to do in the meantime. I only need something temporarily.. I tried to apply for Medicaid and did so on the [healthcare.gov](https://healthcare.gov) website. They said I didn't qualify but asked if I wanted to still send it to my state Medicaid agency anyway, is this worth doing? Is there any chance they would accept it? They said to have it sent if you need a lot of medical services or have high medical bills, which I do. How would they know this though? Will they ask my medical history if I fill out another form, the one on [healthcare.gov](https://healthcare.gov) didn't ask anything like that...I really thought I would qualify because I am temporarily unemployed but my state also didn't do the Medicaid expansion so I am assuming maybe this is why I don't qualify?  I also looked at the Marketplace plans on [healthcare.gov](https://healthcare.gov) because they acted like they offered cheaper insurance, most of the plans they are showing me aren't very affordable though. Looking under the cheaper plans they offer under the prescription coverage it says no charge after the deductible, so does this mean none of my medication would be covered until I spend over $8,000? The others say $40 generic and 50% coinsurance after deductible, most my medications don't have a generic so do these other plans also not cover them? The only ones that show actual dollar amounts are the most expensive 2 plans and I can't afford them, even when I had a job, they are more than my paycheck for the month...Do I have any other options? I don't really care about any of the coverage for visits or anything else because I'm not going to be visiting the doctor unless I'm basically dying, but I do need it for my prescriptions because without insurance they are thousands more than I can afford. I figured I can probably skip some of my medicine for a while, I will be very sick but I think I can live without a few of them for a bit. But I at least need to fill my blood thinners which are still $700 a month without insurance.. I have no idea what to do