I have been friends with this boy since we we started school. He's a part of most of my childhood memories. I don't know if I knew back then that he had a crush on me. As we got older though he told me more and more about how much he likes me. I didn't think much of it because I just saw him as my best friend. When we were teenagers we both dated other people. Most of the guys I dated weren't nice and he was always protective of me. He would get upset about any guy mistreating me. Sometime last year he gave me a letter that explained how he's had a crush on me since the day we met in kindergarten and loves me and wants to be more than friends. I kept it, I don't know why. Eventually I started developing feelings for him as well. I was so scared. When we actually kissed I cried because I really didn't want to ruin our friendship, at the time we were friends for 16 years, he was there for 3/4 of my life. We took our time to officially become a couple  because I didn't want to rush and I was still worrying about something messing everything up. I knew I had to be faithful, he's my best friend. I picked a special day for him to become official, his 21st birthday. I wouldn't have done anything to ruin all those years. Since the start he was telling me anyway how much he trusts me and he believes in me. It made me so happy. We were together for 6 months. Those 6 months were the best part of my life. He told me constantly he trusts me and would never do anything to hurt me. I told him all the time how I want to marry him and he knew I hadn't ever wanted to get married before. He spoiled me, he bought me a ring and flowers, he bought something for me everytime he got paid. I wasn't perfect but if he listened he would know just how much I really love him. I trusted him with everything I had. He was the one person I could believe in no matter what. I felt like the luckiest girl, with a boyfriend who loves me unconditionally, a love made for movies. Well, was I wrong. You would think after waiting for someone for 16 years they would know how to act. Not even a week after we started going out he was posting inappropriate memes and asking girls to send him explicit photos and he was also talking to some. This continued throughout our 6 month relationship. He even posted 3 days after my birthday. When I found out about it I brought it up with him and he got mad at me. He was saying it's because he actually didn't trust me and thought I was cheating on him. He also said it's because I was always talking about being suicidal. Eventually he actually realized his wrongs and apologized. He cried often. But it's too late for me now, I love him unconditionally and when I think about it everything he was saying to make me fall in love with him was a lie. When we started going out he was always telling me how he would never cheat on anybody especially me. I love him enough to stay with him still but my trust is completely shattered. When I think about not being with him it hurts more than the thought of what he did. Never in my life did I think he would have messed me up this bad. What would you do? I need opinions. I'm so lost. I can't see myself with anybody but him. Sorry about my all over the place story it's hard to think about.