I met her in my debate class at our high school. We bonded over many things especially our loneliness. We both came from broken households and found comfort in each others words. There was a huge barrier. She was Muslim and was petrified of her parents finding out. So for the three years of high school and single year of her community college education we snuck around. I knew this would never work but a part of me prayed it did. We were each others first time. We made love for hours and after held each other consoling our pains. We laughed we loved. It seemed amazing because no one ever cared for me that much. She helped me overcome my confidence issues over years of childhood trauma and i made sure to make her feel like the only girl in the world i would ever love. We messed up. She wanted to show the world us and made her Instagram public. She had family member who were monitoring her and as soon as they had a chance they jumped on the opportunity to expose her "unholy" life. As soon as they found out she was scrutinized and ran away with me. But after a while the pain in her eyes told the story, she missed her family. I couldn't keep her from that. He father said he accepted me and was ok with us as long as she completed school. We were both going to Texas A&M. Next thing i knew the times we saw each other became scarce. Then the week before spring break she called me while i was in class telling me she was on a plane to Pakistan to take her grandmother and would be home in a week. The corona bullshit forced her in Pakistan for longer than expected. A week went by and no call. Obviously worried i called her father who told me he would connect us on an international call. The day she was supposed to return home i received a call. Sometime around 2 am Central time. She told me to just move on go to college and she was going to stay in pakistan for months. My worst nightmare came true. She was going to marry another man. She never really told me much more and i never got any details on what happened. I cried like a fucking bitch. I feel distraught. Lost. Confused. Hurt. I gave 4 years and all i had to this woman to just have a single call end it al