I was in a long distance relationship a few months back precisely almost 4 months ago. We started talking on twitter and it wasn't like he was a catfish because I went to high school with his sister and I knew her very well and also I've seen him once but the memory is a bit blurry. Everything started out well, we were getting to know each other, from messaging on twitter we transitioned to WhatsApp messaging, and video calls and this was consistent. We literally started dating and would communicate everyday, video call , text, call etc. It was so magical and the feeling was so amazing. I was slowly falling in love with this guy. At that time he had nothing going on with him, he already was done with med school and had already been waiting a whole year to start housmanship in the hospital. He had also gotten out of a 2 year relationship a year before and the reason according to him was that the girl cheated on him and that he was hurt, he tried to work it out but he just felt like things weren't the same so he ended it again. Our relationship was very perfect in the beginning, he would stay up late sometimes till dawn to talk to me despite the time difference. 2 in half months into the relationship things started to change, our communication was a bit shaky although he was still trying to make it work, but then I felt like the vibe wasn't there or like there was something wrong some where but I just couldn't put my finger at what it was. Although, he was the one to always reach out first, I noticed that whenever I tried reaching out he would always give me excuses like "I have a headache" or "I have to sleep, need to get up early" etc and It would hurt my pride. I'd bring up these issues to him and he'll always make it seem like I'm the one at fault or I'm overthinking or I'm the one not trying or my feelings weren't valuable. Almost toward the 3rd month he got his resumption letter to start work and he was always busy doing his paperwork so it was getting hard for us to always communicate. I knew things were getting bad but kept trying. In the middle of the third month and his second day at work, he calls me, tells me how work was and how busy he will be henceforth and that he has been meaning to talk to me about something. He then says on the phone "do you think this can work out" hearing those words hurt me so deep because prior before and while in this relationship especially in the beginning we talked about if this relationship would work with all the distance and all, and he'd always assure and reassure me that it would work and that he loves me. I had doubts in the beginning that this relationship wouldn't work and I told him what I been through in the past and how I'm so precious with my time and protecting my heart. He promised that he would never hurt me. When he started telling me the reasons why he doesn't think our relationship would work, I zoned out and started crying and hung up on him. He never called me back that night but 30 mins later sends me a long text, telling me how much he loves me and with all the communication issues we had, he wants to preserve the love he has for me because he believes that we both still have a future together and that he wished that he could love me without all the distance in between and that we should move on and focus on our careers. I never replied to him and I have not been in contact with him for the past 4 months. I deactivated my social medias and deleted his number. After the breakup, in the beginning I was so hurt and depressed, I'd cry everyday, then things started to get a little better because I went back to school but I was still remembering him and it was so hard to move on. I still cry till today. I have gotten a lot better, but I anytime I remember him and everything I cry and question my self worth. I loved him so much. At times I wonder why did our paths cross, like it doesn't make sense, why didn't I just fall in love with someone within distance but it had to be someone 6,000 miles away. Idk what to do anymore because I miss him and I deeply cared about him and thought that he was truly the one for me. I hate being so vulnerable. Although, Im not on social media,  I still stalk him to see how he is doing, I know that I will never contact him but I just want to know if he's okay. 2 months ago, he tweeted "I made a difficult decision, last year December and still thinks about" he also retweeted  omething that related to both of us and tweeted "this brings back crazy memories, I miss them". But how was it difficult for you, and why do you miss these memories when we could of tried and worked things out. Were you lonely and decided to date someone? Was I your rebound? Did you actually mean it when you said you loved me? Was it because of work that you had to end things? these are unanswered questions that I feel like I would never get the answer too. Sometimes I seek closure but then I'm like whats the point of seeking closure, I'v gone this far without him anyways and Ive been strong. I cried so hard on his birthday and wanted to reach out but I held my self back and just prayed for him. Only God knows how much I loved him and truly cared for him.