I can’t stop thinking about every second we were together. I can’t stop thinking about our first date and how we instantly fell for each other. When you first told me you loved me. When you kissed me for the first time. Your hand in my hand. ******** park. Your embrace. Your eyes. Your voice. Your smell. Your face. New Year’s Day, you and me against the world. You’ll never know how much you mean to me. You’ll never know how much pain you’ve caused me. You’ll never know how I cry everyday because of you. I’ll never give you that satisfaction. It hurts to see that you can go on living without me. I regret all the chances I didn’t take. I hate how cliche this letter sounds, but it’s true all these cliches make sense because of you. Every love song reminds me of you. It baffles me how I can love you so much, and I’m not even a passing thought in your head. This is my eternal hell. I can’t believe I went to being your everything, to now strangers. Everything reminds me of you. I can’t get you out of my head. I drive myself insane. Why did this happen to me? Why don’t you think about me? Was I really nothing to you? I’m pathetic. I miss you so much. I’m repeating myself. I’m crying right now, it’s like this every night since. I remember the last time I saw you. It’s weighing on my mind. I don’t know how to stop this pain. I’ve tried everything. I think about you all the time. I wish you were to actually read this but instead I’m posting it on this stupid site. If I were to send you this you’d think I’m insane. I can’t believe you were once mine and now you’re someone else’s. I miss every single second I was with you. I envy my past self. I wish time travel was real. I truly mean that from the bottom of my heart. I went through all our texts, our photos of us together. I remember how happy you used to make me. I was the happiest when I was with you, who knew you would be the reason for all this suffering? I want to scream your name so bad. I can’t believe a person can make me this insane. I hope I can cross your mind at least just for once. I hope deep down inside you somewhere, you think about me. I hope you miss me as much as I miss you. I think I’ll go on this way forever, missing you.