So I(16M) have a small friend group that stemmed from my Soccer team in High School. We're all very close and hang out a lot. One of my friends(16M) in the group has a girlfriend(16F) that has two sisters. They're triplets and were all born on the same day. We started to hang with her sisters and started to get close to them. One day we were hanging out and I noticed that I really enjoyed talking to and hanging out with one of them. We walked together, laughed together. And it was just a really good time. Later that night we both decided to take a nap on the bottom bunk of a bed. So we did, it was borderline cuddling and that's when I knew something was there. The next night we spent there we did the same thing. We facetimed every day from then on and spent so much time together, we laughed together, cried together, and told each other things we had never told anyone else before. We always told each other we loved each other and we deeply cared about one another. She was a pretty shy person who didn't really open up much, she was smart and hard-working and was beautiful. One day on facetime I told her I liked her, and she told me that she liked me back. The next day she was acting sort of strange on text. Then she sent me a whole essay on how she felt bad because she didn't actually like me. She said that she didn't know how she felt, she said she just wanted me to be happy so that's why she said that. She also said that there was a chance in the future so i decided to try and take it. Later down the road, I gave her a choice on whether she wanted to move on and be friends or see where it went. She said she wanted to see where it went but after a week she said she wanted to move on and be friends. After all we had been through I still didn't know how she liked me. I feel like every time I talk to her or hang out with her I will be sad. And if she finds someone else that would suck for me. How do I not lose her as a friend and maintain a good relationship with her? I still definitely have feelings for her and I'm just lost. I know she still cares about me and likes being around me but it's just not the same anymore. Especially since she's the first person I've felt those type of feelings for.