I think I tell myself that I broke my own heart when I think of you, but deep down I know you did a lot of the legwork. You were one of the best people in my life, and I loved you in the best way I have ever loved anyone: thinking of my own happiness for once in my fucking life and taking it. I also loved you the worst way I have ever loved anyone: privately, and so quietly I don't know if even half of it reached you. It's been three years and I still remember the day I asked you to be with me. 14th of March, by the way. I don't regret doing that, even if I regret the way things turned out in the end. Loving you wouldn't have been so uniquely joyful if I had just loved you as your friend. I don't know if you even think of me any more, but I still think of you and I miss you. I just miss talking to you. I miss how much you listened to me and, more importantly, I miss just - listening to you. Just you. Just the way your sinuses were always slightly blocked, and the turn of your accent, and all your vocal tics, and, really cheesy but I miss your laugh so much. On the phone or in your room or when we would just find somewhere quiet in a park and talk. I miss everything we used to joke about. There are so many jokes that I can't even tell anymore. Every time I think of telling them, I think of you, and I can't tell the joke because you aren't there. You aren't here, and you weren't there, so I guess that's just a pattern we have. I hate that I was so private about our relationship, I hate that it has left me with so little evidence we were ever even together, I hate that I didn't yell to everyone about how much you meant to me all the time (the way you always seemed to). You weren't there. You weren't there. How could you let everything go so easily? How could you look at me and how I had nothing left to give and just - not be there. Is that why? Was it because you knew I was an empty glass and you couldn't pour water from me any more? I didn't have anything in me left for a romantic relationship with you three years ago. I was looking at a dead end, and I just needed you to be there without the expectation of a romantic relationship. I needed you to be there and, no, I didn't communicate that to you, but I'm still fucking hurt that you weren't. Isn't that sad? I'm so sad. I moved on with my life, I made my peace with the way you left it after I broke things off. Here's how it looked from my perspective: You didn't want anything to do with me anymore, and that sucked, but I'd be fine. Of course, you had to contact me out of the blue months after I'd moved past it, and I found out that even though I was ok, it still hurt a lot. We said we would be friends if we broke up, I thought we would be okay, I thought we were okay, and then you just. Weren't there. I still have the lipbalm you bought me for my birthday - honey and mint flavour will always remind me of you, probably. It was so sweet of you to get it. I remember thinking about it at the time, that you listened to me and you went out and you bought it, with me on your mind, and I remember wondering: did she talk about me? Did she say, "This is for my girlfriend," to the cashier at Lush? Did she make that face she makes when she's showing me off? I wish I'd asked. I have a container I never returned to you, from the time you baked cookies. I have all the stupid keychains you got me all those times you went somewhere. I've stopped wearing my lanyard, the one I kept them on, did you know that? I still have little bits and pieces of you that I find randomly in my house, in the pockets of my clothes, buried in the archives of my social media accounts. I just keep finding them. You're everywhere but you aren't, weren't, won't be. Fuck it sucked when we stopped talking. I can't believe we did that. It was just me - how could you forget that it was just me? God, did being each other's best friends just fucking evaporate over night? Would it have been so terrible, so embarassing, to say something earlier? Anything? Is it so bad that I was uneasy with trying to be friends again, after the way you left it? Was it wrong that I wanted to know for sure that you would be willing to work for it? I wanted to know. I wanted to know that you woudn't just disappear on me again. What if I let you back into my life and what if I needed you to be there and what if, after all that, you decided not to be there? Again? I was losing my footing, losing my mother, losing any chance of a life of my own choosing, and I lost you, all at once. So I tell myself that I broke my own heart by ending things with you, but that's just what I say so I don't think about this: Which part of me wasn't worth making an effort for? Which parts of me  did you examine and think: "I won't go back to that"