They keep ordering toys on amazon (ages 8+, like dolls) and calling me ungrateful and selfish when I don’t show interest. I’ve told them that I’m just not a kid anymore and they get angry. I can’t even drive 20 minutes to see my friend because during my drive they ping me on Life360 and Find My IPhone ans text me asking me where I’m going even after I’ve told them. They don’t let me close my door when I’m getting dressed. When I ask for privacy they call me selfish. I have been calling my boyfriend on discord a lot because of the quarantine and they tell me that I hate them and that I’m codependent on him and that it’s not healthy when I’m literally just talking about my day for a few hours. My mother asked me what I was looking forward to and I said that I was excited to go to my boyfriend’s place and then maybe walk up to Taco Bell to meet friends, and she said “you really eat that fucking garbage?” And I said it’s not that bad, and that it tastes pretty good. She said “if you think that tastes good I’ve failed as a parent”. I recently found out from my therapist that I’ve been essentially neglected my whole life and we can even bring them into a session to talk about it because last time I tried to do that they made it all about themselves and I felt worse. All I want to do is move out but then I get the “you don’t know how good you have it” and such. They track my social media and if there’s anyone they don’t know, they make me block them. I keep telling them that I’m almost an adult and that I want to be more independent but they laugh in my face. I’ve never had a sleepover because they said they “can’t sleep when I’m out of the house”, I’ve caught them watching me sleep and also searching my room while I’m asleep, and they said I’m a failure to them when I told them I was a deadhead. They called me a junkie and a stoner and said that I should get into their favorite music. I have no individuality and I’m surprised I even have a bf since my ex was too stressed out by their overbearing-ness and left me to protect his mental health. They push people I care about away from me and they’re trying to push me into an in state college and say that when I go to college I have to call them every morning when I wake up and after every class, and before I go to sleep. I’m severely depressed because of them and I just want some damn freedom. Sorry for the text wall