Maybe it's me or the EVP paranormal hauntings/poltergeist that follow me (so many things happen to me now all day every day. 20 years ago I could explain things as Synchronicity but these days it's every where and never ending from TV, Radio, Advertiments, Computers, Books, Paintings, everything)  the longer I don't speak the stronger and worse it gets. I just know it as Tinnitus/Tenidus, exscrutiating, horrible, and,  I do seek medical help and the most I've gotten for it in my honest emergency room visit is Motrin. Every Doctor and psychologist  in many different towns just watches me and listens.  What I think and what I am hearing is all real. I try to write most it down and do what i concider professionals do like Hellier group and Chip Coffeey teaches the youth.  God I wish I had someone in my life like Chip when I was a kid and if I could remember all the other wonderfull people who do so much positive work that actualy is doing a world of good.   So everything today is me as usual at home being inundated with paranormal activity and forced to recognize speech patterns and EVP's. I sometimes create my own messages with my Tinnitus/Tinedus that is completly audible.  People respond to it and I can send thoughts back and forth with it.  with this I can pretty much translate/communicate anything human or animal.  It's not a perfect science by any means and every person I open up to shuts me down, gets extremly angry, disorganized and some become violent to flat out fits of rage.   It is all somthing that happend overnight and the more I fight it, the more upset, and loud it becomes.  I do understand the implications and always frightend or scared about loseing everything which keeps happening But! Im just trying to find a place that deals with the same untreated and things and what's important through my experiences is doing some good and helping each other and hopefully along the way right the wrongs and make the world a better place.  Please excuse my typing and comments.  I'm hacked everywhere I go with everything and I am alone in my struggle with all this but trying to keep up with paranormal things and educate myself and others, and hopefully not step on any toes.  People I thought where intrested would understand paranormal things and share have turned out to be more mental illness and drug related. What seemed like excitement turns out to be only motivated by sex or drugs. Things of any paranormal happenings had just been drug induced and that's how those person want it or it's just flat out rascit hate crimes with no analytical or intelligence that could bring some much needed help and suppoet for a lot of people.  Sycronicitys took me to getting a DNA test and learned most if not all my family is in the South area as far as Hellier. Who knows maybe I have family involved with Hellier and will discover it with more investigation.  Just a reminder I do have respect for other people Hellier or not and show the same gratitude to spirit Guides, God's, Ghost, Ghouls, Fairys and anything paranormal or not.   Well I feel like I've just had another bad day day but I always say that because the experiences WORK me over and they just keep coming, not a day has it stopped and I'm worried it will never end!  I'm trying to figure out what I can do to help which so far I'm trying my best to read, read, read and place all the information in to usable tangible information that turns results and doesn't just fill pages of notebooks scatterd around a room.   My sycronicty today was cars, cars with specific license plates, cops in action with emergencys, new buildings going up, new advertisments, names of streets, time/clocks, people and faces of people.  All this while sitting on my couch thinking about Hellier while hearing the name "Hellier" repeating randomly throughout my house for a little over 1 months now and then I get up today to go to a doctor's appointment for a routine checkup.  I didn't make it to my doctor's appointment today because I can not remember directions, tell time or remember names.  Both of phones where hacked again one hacked so bad that it may not recover. This keeps happening when things become very paranormal and I'm repeatedly threatened by the EVP's and told to not touch anything or do anything.  (It's sounds crazy but I'm trying to as accurate as possible.  I have all the Virgo traits of a Virgo and will never stop being a Virgo!)