Hey, My names Julian and I’m 15 years old and got hell’s itch for the first time. So 2 days ago I shoveled rocks onto a wagon for 5-6 hours in the scorching heat with no shirt on and no sunscreen.  I’ve had sunburn once and it only hurt for a day so I was pretty careless. I had sunburn and it barely hurt that day. The next day was a little worse but not terrible by any means. Today, I woke up and my skin wasn’t burning and it wasn’t tight. A few hours after I woke up I was playing my Xbox and suddenly it started itching. After about ten minutes I couldn’t focus and was getting really upset and moody because it was unbearable. I threw my controller and proceeded to punch my mattress as hard as I could about 15 times. My body started to shake really bad like I was sick and I was extremely uncomfortable. I finally decided after 30 minutes that a shower might help, and it did, for like 20 minutes. Than I rubbed body lotion on it because that’s what my mom said to do. (She wasn’t much help because she told me to put a shirt on when I was outside and that I would regret not wearing one. She obviously didn’t understand how much pain I was in.) The lotion literally did nothing and I couldn’t take it anymore, I was extremely uncomfortable and mad, to the point wear I was yelling at my mom and I didn’t care because the only thing I cared about was getting rid of this terrible discomfort on my shoulders and upper back and as fast as possible. I took another shower because that was the only thing that helped. After that 30 minute shower I didn’t touch my back, not even to dry it. I was being as careful as I possibly could with it. It was about 3:45 and my coach was picking me up at 5 to go to baseball practice, I wasn’t going to go but it was calming down at this point. I layed down and tried to take a nap before practice. At like 4:30 I put a shirt on, at this point my back was hurting and itching but very mildly. At practice I had to wear a sweater because I was extremely scared that the sun would provoke it. But throughout practice it was perfectly fine and only itched a little. after practice I took a shower and put a little bit of after sun moisturizer on my back(I was scared to put a lot) It started to itch a little bit and that’s wear I’m at now. It tingles and itches bad a few times a minute but mostly it’s just mild. I really hope this doesn’t happen again tomorrow as it quite literally is the worst feeling in the entire world. It itches uncontrollably like hell, and with that being said, be careful with the sun. Don’t be a dumbass like I was. I got lucky because it didn’t last all day, and I hope it doesn’t happen tomorrow.