My ex bestfriend punched me in the face on valentines day, I'd known her since 2017 and we were so close we referred to eachother as cousins whenever it would come up in the conversation that we looked alike. Anyway i had just gotten out of this bad relationship and my ex cheated on me with this one girl we're gonna call A, and i didnt like her because immediately after the break up she would talk to me everyday about our ex and it would bring back the memories and pain and all that, but she also had no concept of personal face as she would always sit as close to me as possible during class, inches away from my face and constantly touch my hands, arms and shoulders. This made me very uncomfortable and i told my best friend about it and she agreed that she didnt like her eather because her demeanor was too joyful to just have been cheated on, we bonded over this for like 5 minutes and both tried to stay away from her. Fast forward a few weeks and they're all buddy buddy but i still dont like her, she's kinda growing on me but its excruciatingly slow. I invited some friends over to my house, including my bestfriend and when she got there she asked if A could come over, inside i didnt but i knew i could deal with it for a few hours so i said yeah. When A gets here shes cheery as usual and getting very handsy with my bestfriend and they start giggling and all that nonsense and somehow A ends up in her lap. This makes me extremely uncomfortable so i walked over and said "y'know how everytime you used to bring someone over to my house and have sex with them on my couch, Could you not do that?" A looked at me confused and my bestfriend got up and said to her "we're leaving" and everyone else decided we were going to another friends house and told her before she left. After we get to the other friends house i text my bestfriend on snapchat asking where she went but it didnt go through and i see that she blocked me. She texted our other friend where she went and asked us where we were. Now im upset again and i block her. Usually im the pacifist but shes gotten mad at me for small things, ignores me when i ask and wont tell me why shes mad so many times i thought now it was my time to be upset. Then she sent A to get me to apologize, i told her "im not going to apologize because she invited someone over who i dont like" and she said okay and went to tell her. Weeks pass and theyve both found ways to completely avoid me, its a little upsetting and i realized i missed them both so i apologize to A because i neglected her friendship with me, i didnt apologize to my bestfriend because everytime i apologize it still takes time for her to choose when and if she wants to accept my apology so i just waited it out like i usually do. One day i go over to my bestfriends house because to hang out with her sister who im friends with and i bring A with me and my besties sunglasses she left at my house that one day because i was going to give them to her and apologize. However when i knock on the door she opens it and says "i know yall know damn well not to knock like that" i just stare blankly at her and walk past her to get to the kitchen. Me staring blankly is how i keep myself from being shaken up, however she thought i was rolling my eyes... anyway me and A and besties sister go into the backyard and talk about tv shows and things and then A gets a text from my bestie saying "next time you and (my name) come over fucking text me first", now other than being extremely cheerful, A has one other mood; scared shitless. A was now scared shitless and terrified to leave the house because she thought my bestie was gonna punch her in the face. I knew she wasnt gonna punch her so ireassured her but the text definitely did more than upset me, i marched back in the house and tossed the sunglasses on the table next to her in the living room and walked back outside. I no longer wanted anything to do with her, she knew how fragile A could be, she was even bullying her younger sister to call their mom and complained that we were being too loud so we had to leave. That was the last encounter ive had with her since last year. This year, i went to hangout with her sister again, it was 10pm, valentine's day. I was talking to her younger sister about the song she wrote and from the courner of my eye i saw my ex bestie come downstairs, look at me and then run over. I thought she was gonna say something to her sister but instead the next second she threw a punch that knocked me off my feet and onto the floor. I was confused as to why she hit me, i hadnt said anything to her at all and we both avoided eachother at school. Her family came into the room and separated her into the kitchen and her sisters walked me home. Later that night her mom and stepdad came over to make sure i was okay to get my side of the story, to understand why she was so violent towards me all of a sudden. I told them everything, exactly how it happened. They said they believed me and went home. The following days up until now ive been having constant dreams about her, about being in the same room and what she might do if she saw me again. Ive had a therapist before and i have very detailed dreams, they informed me that it could be ptsd from being in an abusive household. Could this incident with my ex bestfriend be trying to attach itself to my scars? I cant stop thinking about it all. I want to reconcile with her and fix everything but i dont think she wants to.