Hello. I'm 13(F), I love playing video games, I like watching Netflix, Read books, but:I don't have much friends, my family has no idea what is going on in my life, I feel sad, even tho my parents say that they love me and try everything to make me happy... I have a blood disease (I.T.P) for 6 years at this point, almost the same time I started playing video games, I don't have anyone to support me, I sometimes cry for no reason, I am stressed about high school, failing math, almost failing Arabic, my friends didn't even notice me being gone for a week and when I showed up they said hello like it was a normal thing for me, my parents always yell at me, I always tell them to leave me alone because I feel sad, frustrated and angry at the same time. I don't want to hate them, I don't want to hurt them, but instead, I hurt myself. I never did self-harm, but lately I have been thinking about it and my mood is getting worse and worse. I hate myself, I am a spoiled bitch, I feel like a mistake. I have a twin sister, and she is much better than me. she gets higher grades than me, her temper isn't as short as mine, she has more friends, she is happier, she's just "the favorite".when I am happy, I smile, but then that happiness  and that smile disappears, and I go back to thinking stuff I shouldn't think about. I Just don't feel happy anymore, I don't feel like it will get better.I always have a hard time finding friends, so instead of doing stuff, I watch Netflix and speak to people on discord. I just don't find a purpose in my life, and all my teachers have noticed that I'm not happy anymore. I don't feel ready for high school, and I probably won't.I just... don't know what to do anymore.My parents make this a lot worse. they always annoy me, tell me to do stuff I can't, expect too much from me, and compare me to others like my sister and her friends.I just don't know who I am or what I am anymore. is this normal? am I normal? am I doing something wrong? I have a short temper, acne (that I don't care anymore about since it isn't going away anytime soon), I am very tall, I hate myself, I hate my body, I don't feel girly anymore, and my parents are never there to support me. in fact, my sister isn't there to support me, none of my friends are. I have a mental breakdown almost every week. my parents do nothing about it.Please help me.PS: this is a throwaway account. also, I am from Israel, so sorry for any grammar mistakes.