Hello, I am a 14 yo girl and I have a bit of a dilemma. I tend to lack a filter and I like to be to the point about how I feel about something. This often comes of as rude and my parents tend to dislike it. Today, I got out of a piano lesson which was mostly theory cas I don’t know a lot of music theory. My dad told me I needed to practice more and study what my teacher tells me but I went to sleep super late and I was tired so I just left as I didn’t want to deal with this now. So I go around the house, eat breakfast, and my dad calls me again. He explains that he wants to send me an email with a digital copy of the theory book that we have so I can study it. He drags this out and that if you need something we can getting, study more, bla bla bla. So I try to cut him off and say “Ok, drop the poetry, you want me to study more and go over the stuff, I get it.” I really had no intention to be rude but I just hate it when people go on and on about something like I don’t understand it. My dad proceeded to blow up about how I don’t respect him, that I own him respect, that just because I say it in English doesn’t mean he can’t hear me (we are Venezuelan) and tells me to leave that he doesn’t want to see my face. So I do and here I am. Stuff like this happens more often than I am willing to admit and I honestly don’t mean to offend anyone when I say it, I just want to get to the point or I have a different view. I don’t think that anyone just owes others respect, it’s a thing you earn and if you are blowing up about something so small then I don’t think you deserve my respect but I digress, what do you all think I should do? I think I should apologize but I don’t think that reaction was warranted from my dad either. He has done rash things like this before. I had a group of friends and we where messing around and cursing in a group chat, you know typical 12 yo stuff. When my dad saw them calling me a bitch (calling someone a dog in Spanish is basically calling them a slut) he went to my room and destroyed but my phone and IPad( which I had had for years and had nothing to do with this)  with a fucking hammer. There were holes on my floor. Was this the first time I had done something stupid with friends on group chats? No, and I admit that was my mistake. But again, no one meant any harm and we all go through that curse at everything fase right? So yeah, I don’t know who is most at fault here, me or my dad. I get that I may be rude and disrespectful but blowing up like that is never justified either. When he broke my phone I had a breakdown and when my grandma came in with a gift for me I started crying and hugging her. Heck, I am tearing up down remembering this. I don’t cry over stuff like this now because it shows him how effective fear is and I don’t want him to do that to my brothers. Seriously people, I don’t know what to do anymore. I want to stop these stupid arguments but I don’t want my dad to continue thinking that treating your child’s that way is ok. What should I do?