I could dive into the last 10yrs and all the selfish shit SIL has done, but Let’s just say she won’t do anything unless it’s self serving. She was a “struggling college student”for 7 years but never actually graduated. Though she led everyone to believe she did and got all the graduation money from family. She also has been caught stealing clothes from me multiple times & stealing money from her parents, even though she is 31. I have a 1 yr old and the last 2 years have been esp difficult as her lies, behavior, and flakiness have gotten worse. Her &my husband are both from NJ with a very large family, though her, myself and my husband currently live in CA. Within the last year we have had to deal with family flying out constantly to see the baby &she hasn’t helped once. She would constantly lie and say she was working or busy in some way. She would again only show when it was self serving. She even had her parents buy our Xmas presents when they don’t have a lot. She’s stolen her dads cc info so many times but she says it wasn’t her so he gets a new cc. We just kept noticing major flaws in her lies about work (ie. She works as as a lab assistant but saying she is working from home part time; saying she is full time then part time; stating she is at conferences multiple wknds in a row, etc). We were convinced she wasn’t working but didn’t say anything. Everyone in the family noticed how bad even her appearance (teeth, skin, hair) was getting. Everyone was concerned but didn’t know what to do. we tried to stay out of it as best we could but being asked constantly, we disclosed how often we had to deal with her flakiness, lies, and stealing before. We know she suffers depression so we always just left it alone in the past and thought that she was lying to cover that she didn’t feel well. I told her everyone was worried and that we knew something was wrong and she told us she had been checking herself into hospitals due to psychosis, so we rallied around her and tried to support her... however...straw that broke the camels back was her parents decided they were going to move out here since they were worried. She told them she had an apt and was moving to a bigger one and they could stay with her. Well they needed to stay with us for 3 weeks until her apartment was ready so we said ok. ON THE DAY THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO MOVE IN SHE BAILED. She gave an excuse about some issue with plumbing and said it’s another month... then when that date came she said she decided she wasn’t moving. So we had to house them for 3 months, with a newborn, after months of having family already. We were livid and called the complex, who told us that she never secured an apartment with them. At this point we called her job and asked to speak to her and they said she didn’t work there, then continued to call and verify things & uncovered a LOT of lies she had been telling. To the point she was being dropped off places but never actually going inside... We also pieced together a lot of times she said she was in a hospital she wasn’t... We confronted her and demanded an explanation and apology and got nothing back in over a month... so we banned her from our house and our child’s life. Well, bc of the current situation my husband decided to reach out and said hey let’s talk we haven’t spoken in four months and we need to clear the air. She proceeded to tell us she was “hurt bc of the major boundaries we crossed” , she would“let us know when she’s ready to talk”, and our actions show we “don’t care about her at all”. My husband basically told her that’s ridiculous and she’s just pissed we called her on her lies and we haven’t heard from her again in over a week. Ok...Are we the assholes in this for calling and checking up on this when it cost us alone time, stress, money, and fights having to house family we weren’t expecting to house for that long?