I’ve been very abruptly forced to confront the fact that my oldest ferret is running out of time. I’ve had her for 5 years, maybe even more, and it’s very hard for me to think about what will happen to her and how long she’ll make it and how it will effect my other two. She’s been slowing down the last two or so years, grey fur, not as active as the others, etc. but I was mortified and had a full blown breakdown when I thought she’d died. I was taking them out of their cage for some play time and when I got her from the hammock my immediate thought was “oh my god she’s dead”. She was breathing, I could feel her heart beat and her little chest rising and falling which was a relief but in that moment I was so scared. I’ve never thought about her passing, and when I did, I’d always go “she has a couple more years with me it’s fine”, but it’s not fine anymore. I have severe anxiety, and that scare triggered an attack and I came crying to mom, freaking out unintelligibly babbling “Pandora... she’s...” and bawling my eyes out because I was just so horrified at the idea that she was going to die the next day. And to be honest, I’m still so scared that I will lose her before I can even say goodbye, I’m scared I’ll go to the cage to give her some love and find her not breathing in her favorite hammock. The thought of my other two not being able to know why their big sister didn’t come back after I took her out is such a terrifying thought that it’s almost unbearable for me to even tolerate for more the a few seconds. This would be my first major pet death, the first time I’d lose an animal so near and dear to my heart, one I have such a strong bond with. I’m scared. I’m so scared about will happen in the next few days, it hurts so much think that she might not be able to see me get my first car, that I won’t be able tot share anymore important moments with her. I want to know how I can be prepared for this time to come, I know no matter what I will be devastated and inconsolable, but I don’t want to do anything I’ll regret. I love her very much, and I know that one day I will have to say goodbye, but when that day comes, I want to be able to cope with it in a healthy way.