M, 21. I feel like the values I hold and the groups of people I associate with are in constant conflict and it’s really been affecting me recently. I’m a business/Mens fashion brand owner, a vintage style enthusiast, and a collector of historical artifacts when I find them. I’m definitely a more creative person, but my fellow creatives in college call me a Bigot & a Nazi or any number of epithets because I am a business owner and think more traditional values tend to be healthier for a majority of society, and social norms are good as well. However, being a more eccentric creative, fashion loving type gets me called a Soy Boy and a Beta male by my fellow conservatives. I’ve been insulted, harassed and even a couple times almost assaulted because I choose to express myself in a more distinct style, despite us sharing the same values. I love more alternative style girls, but here in college they all just seem so promiscuous that’s trying to make a meaningful connection seems impossible, and if things did go as far as physical intimacy I really don’t want to be compared to all the strangers they met at Bonaroo. I just feel conflicted. All the advice I’ve ever been given is to be yourself, but I feel like if I want to have friends that share my values, I have to give up my personal style and expression, and if I want friends that appreciate my personal style and expression, I have to give up my values. I wish we could all just enjoy each other’s company without feeling so judgmental, but at this point, I’m becoming more and more bitter, judgmental, and isolated. I’ve been gravitating more and more towards material consumption (bespoke suits, imported cigars, etc.) as these things are things I’ve always liked, but they are the kind of things I can enjoy alone, and I feel like that is the way I want to live more and more. Which hurts deep down, I love to volunteer at Salvation Army and take people shopping and give them fashion advice. I love to give to others and provide help, especially when it’s in a field that I know well. Maybe it’s just college, but I feel like I’m losing hope each and every day.