Back story, my life has been hard. I was sexually abused by my two older brothers for five years (age 8-13) when I got to high school, my friend f/14 was killed in a car accident. January 2016, I made an appointment with the school guidance councellor because I had been dealing with depression and my friends pushed me into it. I told her about the abuse from my brothers, and I was put into a foster home. I had never told anyone else, and my parents didn't believe me and accused me of making false accusations for attention. After three months of being in foster care, my parents had convinced me to tell the police that I had lied and to drop the accusations so that my brothers wouldn't be punished. I came back home, and have been living here since. I got a boyfriend in October 2018, who disrespected me, was very controlling, and couldn't listen to no. He was very physical, and got upset when I didn't want to do anything sexual. Two months after I ended that relationship, I was in another one, which my parents didn't approve of. The tension at home was at an all time high, and I faced constant emotional and verbal abuse. This was when I started self harm. I felt a constant need to have someone to go to for support, or just to unload on and since I didn't have that at home I always needed a boyfriend. The relationship soon became toxic, and I ended up breaking that one off as well. Two months later I was yet again in another relationship, this one was going really well, until he met my parents and they disapproved. This time they were much harsher with their disapproval, and told me, amongst other things, that I would no longer be apart of the family if it continued. Two weeks ago, he confessed to cheating on me. I broke up with him last week Saturday. Yesterday on my way back from school, the roads were really bad and I rolled my car. I was uninjured, and I keep thinking I wish I could have died. I feel no reason to be here. I have no relationships in my family, and every day with them is more emotional and verbal abuse, I've lost the man I thought I was going to marry, and my friends are all fair weather. My depression is at an all time high, I was a sobbing wreck for the last two weeks, but since yesterday I've just been numb. I don't want this second chance.