So, I live in a small town, I have a half-brother, he's almost twice my age, disabled and I have to live in the same room with him. He does a lot of weird things like standing infront of a lightswitch and basically saying 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 100 over and over again for minutes every time he uses the restroom (he creeps me the fuck out) , he talks on the phone(loudly and his voice annoys me so goddamn much and if I tell him to quiet down he puts a blanket on his head and talks even louder. ffs..) from 8 am to almost midnight(of course not the whole time, but it's like half an hour at 8 am, then he goes somewhere for a few hours, gets home and goes back on the phone) (he doesn't talk about anything important, at all), which isn't nice cause I have online classes now. He also annoys our mom about things like him getting a driver's license(he literally can't)and a girlfriend (which are things you should worry about getting, not someone else) (and he talks about these things because my mom has been lying to him for more than a decadeand it's not like he says it once and forgets it. He talks about it for literal hours, repeating the same shit over and over again. It often ends in him shouting. She hates it, even said she doesn't want to go home after work. He's chased her with a knife and hit her multiple times, he's been in a mental hospital multiple times, where they couldn't keep him cause he was 'an angel'. He never shouts or hits my mom in public and acts like 'an angel'. He also does things like collect bottles for money even though mom gives him more than enough money and he stays around terrible people. He's had the police called on him muliple times. Now that I have to stay inside most of the day, I have to put up with his shit even more, when it used to be just a couple hours when normal school wasn't cancelled and I think I'm gonna reach my breaking point sooner than later. If I tell my parents about him interfering with my education, my mom will not do anything about it, my dad *does* want to do something, but my mom won't let him do anything and she says something like "what can I do".  And I end up feeling like I'm the one that's at fault here which I know I'm not and that ends up in me bottling up my emotions and not saying anything, which hurts my mental health, which hurts my grades and self-esteem and so-on. The only release I can get from this is going to the studio every day for an hour or so (I play trumpet) and going on a bike ride once in a while, which my parents don't really like(because quarantine), but I'm gonna have to go for runs for PE so I'm just gonna go on bike rides. Interested to see what you all think.