I'm just so sad. I can hear my nabors whispering about the annoyance of my all night sob session. I feel like I can't kick myself up this time. I find myself in quiet the predicament. I'm pregnant. He says I'm lying. Offered to show him the test and he said no. He bounces from saying he knows and believes me. To I should fuck off and go die. Iv honestly found myself thinking about it. We met about 6 months ago and somehow iv wound up here. With now a terrible drug problem. I feel like I can't tell anyone cause IDK how to stop. And as soon as I tell people I'm struggling with said drug they run away. I don't blame them. I would have done the same 8 months ago. I didn't know he was a junkey until it was too late and I fell for him. We were suppose to move. Start a new life in another state and my dumbass beloved him. It didn't happen obviously. Instead IV been suposrting him. I had worked up the courage to kick him out and he out a ball on the table even though I begged him not too. He said after you get done with this you will half to go suck a ,(n)  cock down the street for more. I'm giving you the clean version of what transpired. He was my best friend and then one day he just turned evil. I'm getting evicted cause I quit my job. I was to ashamed of my boss seeing me like this. It was worse when I left and nnone even called me. Five years of what I though was true friends made from working together ends with not even a good luck. My parent s won't help me. I asked. Noone will. Acually my ex said he would. He's clean but still. That was a bad relationship I tried killing myself in. I'm scared up in my head and skin from self harm. Everyday my heart breaks. Why do I love such a fucking asshole. He's everything I wanted until the smoke cleared. He's fucking married to. I feel like trash. O feel alone. And worse I acually feel like I deserve this. I haven't stolen from anyone or hurt anyone or sold my soul or body. But I am empty. I don't know what to do. I don't even know if I can stop using. Iv always wanted to be a mom but I know a child deserves a better life then two tweaker  pices of shit.i don't know anymore.