I’m 17 years old and I have no idea what I should do about my mom. She divorced my Dad when I was 3 after that she remarried when I was 4 he was an abusive sack of shit named Rick and she divorced him when I was 10 then met another asshole who hit her and also hit me his name was Randall I have a blood brother who is 15 he’s my Dad’s kid and 2 half brothers who are the Randall’s  kids.  Since I was like 8 I have been a fucking scapegoat for her everything I ever do she never acknowledges it and treats my brothers as if they are perfect she’s threatened  to kill me and choke me out and other shit since I was young. I I’ve finally snapped story goes yesterday I was wrestling with my brother on our trampoline and was talking shit. My brother got mad and my mom came outside. Forgot to mention my mom is an alcoholic and is just gotten off or smoking she brings me inside and calls me and asshole, sack of shit and tells me to go fuck myself and her last word was fuck you this entire time she’s tipsy and smacking me and then she punches me. At this point fucking had it so I pushed her against a wall and held her down pinned her arms so she couldn’t hit me my. She starts to kick me and punches me a couple of times so I run outside to grab my phone the newest edition to the Mom’s boyfriend team has come up and is yelling at me and moms trying to chase me around the trampoline.  I get my phone go around her run down the street in the dark and I’m sitting outside in shorts socks and a hoodie didn’t even bother to grab my shoes and I call my Dad at 12:30 at night from a strangers yard crying hysterically and laying in the grass. My Dad keeps me on the line with my step mom (who I’ve known since I was 4 and they have been married for 11 years) and drives out an hour to pick me up and bring me back to his house I am now currently staying with my Dad and k have no idea what to do with my mom what the fuck should I do please fucking help me I love her but I don’t want to be like her she won’t go to a therapist she won’t take me to a therapist to get help for an psychological evaluation I had after I made a school shooting joke and got told on I don’t know what to do I want to just die.