Okay so I had to take a random at my work on the 14th (12 days ago now). Haven't been smoking weed at all just CBD with the legal cutoff of .03 or less. I stopped smoking after an at home drug test came back positive for thc which was probably about 9 or 10 days of no smoking. I had drank about 64 or a bit more oz of water prior to my random. Nothing came back so I figured I was in the clear. I smoked a bowl a  day I believe since this past Thursday just to get rid of the left over CBD flower and also because my back started hurting again. I am not 100 percent sure if I smoked on Sunday. I smoked what was equal to about 3 hits off my bowl yesterday which was the last bit of my CBD flower. I come into work tonight and my supervisor tells me that they have to send me to a lab at the end of my shift (about 5 hours from now with an employee of the company taking me there). The first random was done by somebody coming to my work and collecting the sample there.  I'm assuming I came up as a diluted test and that's why they are sending me to this collection site. My question is should I attempt to dilute again? Im not sure I'm down to a level where I'll be under the cutoff of 50ng/ml if I give undiluted, but don't want to have to retake the test a third time. However, my supervisor did not instruct me to not drink any water or anything so I cod always use that as excuse if I came up diluted a 2nd time, also because the factory I work at is hot inside, even during the winter. The company also encourages us to drink water frequently to stay hydrated, so I can't see my company getting pissed for having a diluted sample when they never instructed me to not drink before the test. I've pissed once since receiving the news that I'll have to take a drug test this morning. I went out and bought a package of two hard-boiled eggs and a jerky stick to raise my protein and hopefully Creatine levels, as well as two 28 oz Gatorade bottles because I figure it's better to dilute with Gatorade and try to replinish my electrolytes in my piss. Any advice on how I should proceed would be greatly appreciated. Unfortunately, I can't go out to the store on break because all the stores and pharmacy's are closed and I can't buy any multivitamins or a drug test to determine if I am clean enough right now, so I kinda have to wing it the best I can. Another thing to note is the paperwork for me to get the drug test was printed out on the 20th and yet they didn't hand it to me til today the 28th. Idk if that's my company's ineptitude or the drug testing lab taking their sweet ass time.