I’m back it it with space stuff I need to wright this down so I remember exactly what my theory is. We are living in a simulation but not what you think.its not people controlling us it’s more like endless opportunities. Were living in a multiverse sort of. There is other life that may be more advanced then us that has technology that outdates radio frequency. So any thing ever broadcasted would never be detected. And we don’t have the tech to reach that far out to space. Earth is the perfect accident. We have water fire and organisms. The universe is massive yes but what if there’s multiple universes and we’re just living in one. Yes it sounds crazy but hear me out. Black holes,they absorb energy but we have no idea on what goes on inside them. What if with all that matter that big bangs happen inside the black holes. So technically creating another universe. And nothing matter unless we make it matter so the only reason life matters is because we make it matter. The conscious is something nobody understands. But if we created our own virtual conscious what would happen. And how do we think. We are the most advanced creatures we know of but to other civilizations we would be considered apes. If we have been visited it would make sense on why we wouldn’t understand what were seeing. Are conscious wouldn’t be able to comprehend it. So what if these aliens were able to make there conscious understand something we would never comprehend. What if they understand the travel between universes. And they have created something uncomprehendable. We wouldn’t understand it. (What if these beings are here we just can’t comprehend them)-that last part I have trouble believing  but it’s one of my theories.  Now after the Manhattan project ufos sightings started popping up. What if nuclear technology was detected like a radio signal and these aliens were able to build a device that can detect nuclear tech. What if these aliens use nuclear signals to send messages and then they see some random planet have a bunch of these uncontrolled signals. Which would be nuclear blast. And then they realized that we haven’t really had the ability to comprehend what we just created. And the endless possibilities that we could have with it. - that is all for now thank you for reading.