Hey guys, been a little while since I've posted a high story. I was reminiscing a little bit with my others, so I decided to dig into my memories and remember another time when I got high as balls a few times on this 3 day trip to New Orleans. It was about 4 years ago now in the Summer of 2016 with a group from my church. We were going down there for a youth gathering which, in my opinion, had it's ups and downs. I could go on and on about this trip, but I'll just talk about the times I got high hahaha. First, i gotta talk about how I got high tho. We flew there, so at the time, it wouldve been pretty hard to sneak bud onto the plane. I had no idea what a dap pen was back then, but my friend managed to sneak one onto the plane and down to New Orleans somehow. Shit was legendary! My friends and I all secured a room together and were able to smoke on the balcony most of the time. So, fast forward to the second day we were there. We were split up into smaller groups and we all had to stay together. My friend and I managed ditch the small group and go to the bathroom in this huge ass facility that had classrooms, gymnasiums, conference halls, etc. Honest to god to this day i really couldn't tell you what the fuck this building was meant for. Anyways, we got to the bathroom, put together the pen, and ripped the mother fucker like no tomorrow. Easily got to a solid [8] and we were off to find our small group again. We were so high in this giant ass building we had no clue where we were going. After what seemed like a good hour or two, we found the whole squad packed into one hall and decided to just go sit down. Now this is where it got scary for me. Here I am, high as balls, just minding my own business, when one of the adults approaches me and looks me straight in the eyes. Starts off by saying "I CANNOT BELIEVE YOU!" My heart sank. He knew i smoked weed. I was royally fucked. I started apologizing when he completely turned around and said, "you didnt complement MY nails!" Just then, I remembered I'd saw some guys awhile ago had their nails painted and I gave them a few sarcastic comments just to be funny. I guess he remembered that, I wasnt fucked, thank god! I gave him a few complements on his nails and he went away. To this day, I dont think I've ever been more scared for my life. Alright so let's skip ahead to the third and final day we were here. It was becoming night and we decided to hit the pen a few times before we went to the Superdome which was where we would sing and watch this concert every night. Shit was kinda boring I'm not gonna lie. However, coming here high as balls was amazing. About halfway through the concert my friend told me to come to the bathroom with him. I did so willingly cus I wanted to smoke more and that's exactly what we did. Now, smoking in a bathroom at the Superdome back then was a HUGE deal to me. It was an incredible achievement for me, so I had to go all out. Ripped the pen at least 10 times, got up to a solid [9.5], and I was boolin. We went back to our seats and I just couldn't contain myself. I sang as loud as I could and I danced as much as possible. The concert became tolerable and everyone just looked at me most of the time. They had to know I was baked, but i didnt give a fuck. So ya, we went back home the next morning and on the plane everybody was asking why I was so into the concert the previous night. Obviously, I wasnt gonna tell them I was baked asf, it was a church group. So, I did the logical thing and just told them I wanted to have some fun with what I had. Didnt seem like they believed me, but it was enough. Well, that's basically one of the best trips I've had to this day thanks to my buddy bringin his pen. Hope yall enjoyed the story and sorry it was kinda all over the place. I wanted to try and explain the best moments of it! Lemme know if yall wanna hear another one, I've got tons more. And as always, PEACE.