I’m 17 years old and live in a small town in the south. Me and my family are very religious and I believe in god. I’ve thought I’ve been straight all my life I’ve pursued girls and always had dreams of getting married to a girl and having kids and growing old together with a girl. 4 years ago I met someone who would be my best friend for the next to years. We did everything together always hung out every single weekend and were pretty much inseparable for 2 years. Every once and awhile I thought I liked him more than just as friends but I always pushed it aside and never thought about it very much. I have watched gay porn and jerked off to gay porn a good amount but I also watched straight porn a fair amount too. Idk why I liked the gay porn I just did and it got me off. I never thought about what I was actually doing for like 5 years. I just never thought about it. Idk how to really describe it. I did it in the morning and then went on with my day without a second thought. But a few weeks ago I had a realization of what I’ve been doing for the last 5 years. I’ve been masturbating to guys having sex and I started wondering why I liked it. Idk if I was gay or not and it scared me. I chalked it up to me just wanting to look like them and have the bodies that they do. (I’m not exactly the best looking person) I’ve never had a girlfriend and I’ve been feeling very alone lately so the combination of that and the realization of what I’ve been masturbating to for the last 5 years kinda came into my head at the same time and I’ve been super depressed and scared. I thought well what if I like guys too? And it scared me so much I’ve been crying every night. I can’t make a decision in my head or in my heart of what I want. I know I want to be faithful to god and to follow his will. But I don’t know how to trust my feelings. I’ve been doing internet tests on if I’m gay or if I’m in denial and then I found out about HOCD and it gave me some relief but then my head kept saying that this is just another form of denial and I’m lying to myself. I don’t want to be gay. I want to live a normal Christian life and have a girlfriend and find the love of my life and get married and have kids. But I’m scared if I am in denial right now. I don’t want to get married and have kids and then come out of the closet. My depression and anxiety have gone up so bad in recent weeks my parents noticed. And a few days ago I just couldn’t handle keeping all this in anymore so I told them how I’ve been feeling. And they immediately freaked out. They kept asking if I’ve ever thought about kissing boys and if I’ve ever thought about marrying a boy and I just didn’t know what to tell them. Because my mind and heart are confused. Which just made the whole situation worse. My mom has been super upset because she thinks she did something wrong parenting wise. And I’ve told her time and time again that it’s nothing she’s done but I don’t really have a clear answer for anything. I just want all of this to go away and can’t live with myself anymore. I cry to sleep every night. I’ve been praying to god and asking him for help and forgiveness. I just couldn’t handle being gay and having to come out to my family and friends. I know a lot of them would never want to talk to me again if I ever came out as gay. I don’t want to be gay I want to be straight and follow gods will. But why did I have feelings and think about my old best friend? Why did I watch gay porn a lot and liked it? Am I just super alone and it’s made me question why girls don’t like me? And it’s even worse now I’ve read that going through this can mess with your libido but it’s not been studied to see if it’s true or not but I can say it’s definitely changed something because my interest in girls has gone noticeably down. Which scares me even more. I shouldn’t be worrying about this at 17 years old. I should be going to prom and living a normal social life but this conflict in my mind and heart is ruining my life and I can’t handle this anymore.