I'm 19 yo male. I have hocd for nearly 4 years. When i was 15, I was watching straight porn, and i was dreaming girls all day. I was being aroused to girls when i was in school a lot. And I never got anxiety about sex. I was normal and very good at it. I even can control my erection everytime I want. I was happy. I had ocd but it's like fearing of my family's death etc. And they weren't ruining my life. Then I was always wanting to have sex with girls, because i was teenage. But I failed. (And I want to explain something. My highschool has male dorm, and I stay with a lot guys and not be attracted to them). I got problems with my friends, because i was asocial guy. And I started to chat with girls online, but i was bad-looking at the time and i failed again. Then i started videochat thing. Omegle i think. And i put fake cam program i downloaded a video of random teenage guy jerking off. And tried to drop girls to my trap.And I remembered that I said " if my mom sees this, she will think I'm gay eventhough I am not". Whatever i suceeded it and one girl liked it and showed his tits. I started masturbating but she sees my fake video. Then I wanted to deactivate fake cam and to show my real face. But i failed and my cam occured error. She was waiting. But i didn't fix it and on the other hand I'm still masturbating. But She flashes only tits, and I was nearly half of it. and then I said fuck it is good to see masturbation, but I didn't do it becuse of any attraction, I was only masturbating, And i was attracted to masturbation thought. Then i jerked off. I felt scared and everything changed, I watched straight porn and didn't get erection. Because i was too scared. And I tried gay porn And was aroused. But it wasnt like arousings i used to before this. And I went to doctor he said you had hocd. And explained everything, it isn't like the first days now. I watch gay porn and straight porn, I get ejaculated and erected. But my enjoyment isn't like before this trauma. And my doctor said everything would be gonna fine. But i wanted to go back to my enjoyment before this trauma. And I wasn't homophobic and I'm not in denial. I still think my orentation changed that day. Because you people are talking about thoughts, but i got erected and masturbated to gay porn many times after this trauma. And i didn't have enjoyment like my old enjoyments to straight porn. And i am confused. And I want to go back to 2016. Sorry for my english, not native. But i hope i would explain myself.