So I'm a teenager,female,been attracted to boys and only boys my whole life and thought of myself as boy crazy. My HOCD started like year and a half ago,as I went through constantly asking myself if I'm attracted to every female I know,even the female character from television and had to repeat to myself that I'm not (I'm so  fucking embarassed right now,I know it doesn't make sense and all,but I had to get it off my chest and that's how it was). My fear was not about being lesbian,but bi,even though my family is pretty homophobic unfortunately,I am not and have few LGBTQ friends and find it normal. It's just that I can't imagine myself romantically involved with a girl,I think it would be against my personal sexual preferences,though my head tries to tell me otherwise. Heck,it even tried to make me think I was attracted to my own mom and cousin! Messed up with my few childhood  memories trying to make me believe I did something gay in a completely random scenario,but I would have mental breakdown over it anyway. It has affected my dreams as well,and made me have some few vivid,really scary dreams,and heck,even in this dreams I would check if I'm attracted to girls! HOCD thoughts aren't the only one I have,as I am almost constantly fightning with OCD themes thoughts,I'm not old enough to get a diagnosis,though I will soon be,though my therapist said I do suffer from Pure O. But from all of this the worst part is the groinal responses I experience. Through my whole life I have never thought or felt something after seeing breasts,never seeing the appeal of them as a straight girl, but one time when I was obsessing over something I suddenly got a thought: ,,What if I'm attracted to that"? and looked at breasts of some girl who was sitting next to me and felt some kind of response,which felt pretty weird and quite different from my normal arousal,I guess. But ever since then I started obsessing over it and constantly asking myself if I am attracted to boobs and checking for arousal every time I saw it,and pretty often feeling some kind of response that felt really disturbing and not welcomed,while comparing to the arousal I feel around guys. It's so fucking embarassing. Even thought that somebody will wear cleveage could make me so anxious,because I started worrying what if I will react to it if I see it,and then having groinal response if somebody actually wears that,out of anxiety. I'm so fucking embarassed and nervous what if what I am feeling is an arousal and what I feel around guys isn't and I'm in denial or something,even though I still don't find the appeal of breasts and can't think of that sexually. But it's this checking for arousal that stops me from being calm. I got so freaking ashamed when one day I got anxious that my mom wore a cleveage and got some response,that started feeling stronger the more I was worrying. I feel awful. Tell me,can groinal response bother you that much  or I'm just perverted or something? I never liked breasts and I still don't,but all of this bothers me.