For a few years I have been unhappy with the WiFi in my house.  But I always figured it was just the nature of the beast.  Being an old techie from the dark ages, I experimented with a lot of things, one of which was putting business class wireless access points around the house.  But as I started putting various network devices around the house, such as sensors, light switches, outlets, cameras, speakers, doorbells, thermostats, smoke alarms, all in addition to normal stuff like phones and tablets, I started to get less enchanted about the WiFi performance.  Devices would either perform poorly or would disconnect randomly.  Turning on the WiFi sound system would cause things to get worse, etc.  Cameras were negatively affected more than anything.  I thought, how could this be?  Four business class APs and a high end consumer class router with the WiFi turned off on the router.  So, I thought maybe they were incompatible even though from the same manufacturer.  So I upgraded to a non-WiFi business class router.  At first I thought it helped, but then the same symptoms became more regular.  I tried everything I thought I could:  ensuring latest firmware on all devices, rebooting everything periodically, blah blah blah.  I finally enlisted the Netgear community guys to help.  Spent a 1.5 hour phone call with them and gave them config files and logs.  Then they noticed something:  one MAC address on my network was flooding the system.  To my surprise it turned out to be my desktop.  Why didn’t I think of that.  Well, I suppose it was because it was the most stable and consistent cog in my overall network.  The desktop is rather old by techie standards, but has all the high end components and has been a faithful tool in my toolbox.  I did wait to the bitter end to move from Win7 Pro, to Win10, but my WiFi problems preceded that transition.  But, the problems did seem to get worse with Win10.  To try to figure this desktop beast out, I spent a lot of time googling.  Then I noticed in Resource Monitor that there where 3 apps/programs that were the culprits.  And I compared the traffic volume for those bad actors with the worst network users on my wife’s laptop.  Mine were 10-30 times more traffic intensive than hers.  The next step was to try to ascertain how to shut them down, and what the side effects would be if I did.  I won’t go into details on what I did, but I fixed the problem with no immediate side effects.  The moral of the story is that it isn’t always the network itself that is the culprit.  Duh!