I got put into homeschool from 8th-11th grade. My senior year I was able to go onto campus for two classes and join wrestling which I always wanted to because my brother was in it. Kinda pathetic my first year as a wrestler was almost my last. I didn't have any friends for almost 5 years. I was completely alone. I never got to go out to the movies or even play games online with someone because I didn't know anyone. I had never been to a party before. I was a really social person too. A few of my old friends apparently thought I died. There was a rumor about a car crash I guess. By all means I really was dead for those few years. When I finally got back it was kinda too late. I spent all those years growing up. I had a little brother I helped to raise since my dad was deployed all the time. My mom was busy with her gym. I did my work online. I cooked dinner for everyone. I had the same boring routine that ground all my aspirations and dreams into dust. Then I finally got back and got my old friends back and it just felt so weird. Felt like I was acting like a clown for them. Never like I had true teenager highschool friends. Don't get me wrong I love my friends it just never felt like I was experiencing young life. Even then, I got a girlfriend so I couldn't see my friends. I was going to be corny and take her to the prom but I couldn't because of her grades. I didn't get to go to a single dance. I didn't even get to keep her she left me not too long ago. I got bleach poisoning during wrestling because the coaches would clean the match with too much bleach. I almost died from that. I would wake up at night and I couldn't breathe. I loved wrestling and even that spit in my face. Just feels like theres something wrong with me. I couldn't even be a stupid teenager I had to pretend to be one. Now I'm in college and I can't even be a stupid college kid because I just don't want it. I just want it all to stop. I want to set back time to before I had to grow up and could be stupid without it feeling like I was pretending. I just want to be normal.