I live in Pakistan and i m 20 years old. My father took my own laptop purely my own i bought it with my own money that i got from a job. But i got seriously ill i had jaundice/hepatitis E and had to skip the job+school when it opened up. Anyways 2019 was the year for me when i worked most hard yet i failed again so my hardwork is probably useless as that was my best try ever. Yet my father calls me a failure and yes i m, i have tried the best but it was useless. He broke my phone that a friend gave me, because i cant afford to buy one. He is high grade government servant 20 Grade. And he said he will check my laptop for whats in it because i use my laptop a lot altough only during late night like 11 to 4 or 5 am. As the corona virus disaster has strucked here. Schools r closed and i m free. He said he will give the laptop to FIA(federal investigation authority) or police to find out whats in it. And as its not allowed in our country nor our religion to watch or keep embarassing content in anything i m probably dead(yet every single teenager in our country does privately). And as my father have authority to put me in jail and beat me up. I m primarily a gamer i have a lots of games and my father being from a small countryside village doesnt allow it nor likes it. Although we have lived in city for all of our life. If i stay here he is gonna probably kill me or beat me up (violently)like he did before. He is extremely strict and heartless. He does not accept forgiveness etc. He will kick me out in such daya where corona virus is everywhere. So i probably will die and no ones doin work due to lockdown and there is no place for me. Even if there was no lockdown i wouldnt be able to find a job as i have low grade and in country like pakistan you need highly qualified skills. I know i will die soon in my home too. When my dad gets angry he would beat me up with anything hard. He beat me up since i was 6 years old only because i used to play cricket outside(in front on my house) in 2006, i wont tell u guys my past abused life because rn i need help. I wish someone can help me u will also post this same message is quora website maybe someone will give me a good advice who have been through it.