My friend Jarrod, was the son of one of our college administrators. The administrator took care of most of our footballs teams proceedings. Jarrod told me about the team needing someone to watch the field cameras from 2am to 6am. As the game would be at 9am. I took him up on the offer, as it paid very well. I talked to the administrator and he accepted. I arrived at the field at 1am. All I had to do was watch the security cameras from the commentators room. I wasn't the type of person to fall asleep easily, so I thought this would be a sinch. I made sure to bring everything that would keep me alive. Through the first hour I just watched Netflix and texted some friends, occasionally looking up at the screen. Jarrod texted me asking how the job was going, and I told him I was good. I was getting tired so I drank some coffee. I  looked up to the cameras again. I saw something strange on the bottom left camera screen. There was a light in the distance in on the spectator seats. My heart started racing. As I'm sure no one was supposed to be here. I checked other camera screens to see if I could pin point where this person was. The light appeared on multiple other screens. I found one where it wasn't visible. I could faintly make out the siliwet of a person shining a flash light. The lights in the commentators room was on, so I was practically asking to be seen. I didn't take my eyes of the cameras, as the person didn't seem to be moving. I moved my eyes to another camera screen and looked back to see the bright light wasn't there anymore. I grabbed my phone and dialed 911, almost dropping my phone as I did. What I did next was extremely stupid as I think about now but I anxious at the time. I got up and unlocked the door to my room to see if I could spot the intruder. I heard slow footsteps crunching the short stubby grass of the field. It sounded like it was pretty far away. The person had made it off the seats to the field. I ran back into my room and made sure the doors were locked. I tried looking at the cameras but they were too dark to see anything. I waited for like felt like hours, untill I heard a knock on the door to the right of me. I immediately backed up to the other door. The person was messing with the lock. Without taking I second thought I ran out the other door to the left exit. I tripped and stumbled over the seats and fell down to the grassy field. I looked back making sure I wasn't followed. There was the siliwet of a what looked to be a man at the window to the room I stayed in. I bolted out the exit, not catching my breath until I was on school grounds. I saw sirens and two police cars pull up. I approached the officers like a maniac telling them everything. They went in a searched the stadium, but the intruder had already taken off. A few minutes later the cops came out with my belongings and informed me that a trail of blood had been left along with peices of clothing. The cops assumed that this person was carrying someone in a bag, which explained why they moved so slowly. A few days later I discovered a peice of paper in my backpack. The backpack I left behind in the stadium. It read " don't be so hasty next time. " I still think about the incident today and I haven't forgotten it.