(super gruesome fictional horror story) i was 10 years old when on april 23rd of 1993 my little sister was born. she was gorgeous, had my mother’s eyes and my fathers a nose. they were obsessed with her from the start, they named her opal. she got all the attention from everybody and anybody. i started to despise her, with all of my body. even my friends would obsess over her, i felt so alone. she seemed perfect, but all she would do was cry and cry and cry. drove me half insane, all day and night all she did was cry. one night in early may i woke up to her screams for attention once again at 2:00am. i stared at my ceiling and smiled then laughed a bit, i couldn’t help but start to cry as well. that night i got up to give opal the attention she wanted, i dragged myself to her room and looked at her face. that face, there was something about it that made me so angry. she only started to scream and cry louder as soon as i got to her bedside; so i shushed her, picking up a pillow and smothering her face into it muffling the cries that kept me up for so long. i lifted the pillow after a couple minutes to see her lifeless body laying in her crib. i lifted her into my arms and held her, kissing her forehead. i took her to the backyard where i laid her under the old oak tree with her favorite blanket. i walked back inside, proud of myself and went back to bed. i woke up that morning to my mothers scrambled eggs and toast while my father read the newspaper as always. i finished my breakfast and everything was quiet as i longed for it to be for that month and a half. i went out to visit opal where i’d left her the night before, she was pale and her eyes were grey. she looked cold so i brought her another blanket and placed it on top of her. i felt guilty for making her sleep in the cold but i needed to rest. i brought her the formula we fed her do she wouldn’t starve. i kissed her forehead once more and went back inside. it was Sunday so i didn’t have school that day and went to my best friend lindsay’s house. automatically she asked where opal was and i simply told her i left her outside under my oak tree. she wasn’t to concerned and neither was i. i got home later that afternoon and went outside to check on opal, she was gone. i ran inside and frantically asked my mother where opal was and she responded to me “in her crib, why?” i ran upstairs and saw her motionless now purple veiny body laying in the crib starring at me. my mom ran after me and asked what i was doing. “you can’t be in here, you’ll wake her up” as she escorted me out of the baby’s room. opal never woke up, and my parents were so in shock that they never realized that she was gone. they have her bones in that crib and they haven’t used that room ever, they’re convinced that she’ll wake up soon. it’s been almost 20 years and they’re still hoping.