I am an indie game developer since 2013, I am only making small projects to show to my friends until 2016. These small projects are just a a combinations of Unity project templates like the island, bootcamp, angry bots, and stealth. I did not know anything about coding at that time. I have to be honest, I did downloaded pirated unity assets but just to learn from them which I actually learned from them. When 2016 came, I wanted to make my first commercial games and hoping that this can take me away from the poor life that I had. My laptop is very old and I have to wait long wait periods for some functions of Unity to work. It was the time I am prototyping my game with free project templates from a forum that is now gone (armedunity). I am determined to make and finish my game, it is a first person horror game that I really wanted to follow the footsteps of Hideo Kojima's PT as I love Silent Hill very much. Resident Evil 7 came and I thought that it was the game I imagined how my game's fps mechanics would work. And that same year, I downloaded the earliest builds of the Unity Engine (2017) and started downloading free templates from different forums and the asset store. I am even using a very old AI asset, the Breadcrumbs AI, it has a nasty coding which I was only able to improve a little but I think it is still hard to work with. For years I have been doing some 3D modeling, basic coding to extensive ones and I manage to upload a sample of my game to Itch.Io which many people have played (more than 5 people played it and uploaded their playthrough in Youtube, but that was many for me until today). I love how they provided negative comments as that opens my mind to the parts of the game that was bad as I was not able to see it on a objective point of view before (It is called Beyond Hadal). I finished my Bachelor's Degree in Psychology and I have been working as a call center agent for a year. I was not able to put that much focus on game dev as the call center experience was too stressful for me. I wanted to get out of this life by earning on game dev. I tried to apply for the only Game Studio in my country, UbiSoft, but they declined three times. I tried freelance game dev ut was also decline more than ten times. Now, I work at a Health Insurance company. It is still stressful as I have to travel 2.5 hours to go to work and 2.5 hours to get home, I wake up at 3:30 to catch the only train to the city where I am working at (it will be impossible to take buses as the traffic is really bad in our country and it will be very expensive). The train arrives at my town by 5:00 am and I sleep in the train for two hours (the train is so crowded so I have to run inside to get to a seat). By 7 am, I arrive at the city I work in and take another ride to the office. I will work from 8am to 5pm in a company that is still using manual work with a little integration to a MS DOS system and now transitionig to a 2005 like web based system that still doesn't work. I have made a basic centralized system for my department that lessens the work of my few workmates but some of my workmates don't trusts the system that I have made so they still causes delays to my department's progress. By 5pm, I will headout immediately and run towards the nearest jeepney stop to reach the train station by 5:15 pm because the only train that can get me home has limited seats. I always reach the station in time for the last few tickets and I will stay awake for the duration of the ride as people threw rocks and other debris to the train which causes shattered glasses and minor injuries so I have to protect myself. I will reach home by 7:30 and I will try to work until 9 or 10pm on my game. But it I really can't move on with my game as I do not know how to move forward anymore. I know that I can be depressed but I just kept my adrenaline running so I won't have to feel sad. My salary is not able to cope with the family bills as I still live with my parents and my mother still has a lot of credits to pay which is why I haven't save any amount of money for me. Right now, I am unable to fix my AI as it is still hard to work with the nasty coding of the AI template I am using. I really wanted to pursue the game dev life and make me earn a decent amount of money but life doesn't want me to. I might need help, or suggestions from you guys to atleast help me move forward. Thank you for reading my life as a game dev.