So ive kept my hate in for horses for quite some time and really just wanted to talk to other people who hate horses just as much as I do. So this was back in July 2017 and I was driving home from a friends house and it was a dark, middle of nowhere type deal. Jamming to music and there is a bunch of hills right well I was going 43 miles an hour and went in a dipped area right and smacked right into a group of three horses, there was 4 total but I hit 3 lol. There was nothing I could have done since they were scattered in a two lane road and I was scared unsure what I hit. Thinking it was an elk but there isnt elk or deer in my area. Anyway my car was completely totaled I pulled over and frightened by the sight of my car. I called my friend to come save my ass thinking something will be coming after me for hitting it. My friend came and picked me up and the cops are out looking for me. But I did nothing wrong I pulled off the road right. Next day talked to a police officer to clear a lot of shit up. A few days later the news covered my story and everyone was giving hate on me and not for the dumb ass horses for being in the middle of the road. saying I deserve the full penalty and jail time for this! mind you the dumb ass owners have had horses escape there ranch multiple times. So I actually followed the girls page she made for her horses who were injured and fuck I did them dirty lol. She did it so people would help her and show the recovery in the horses. So I obvi had a court case and her lawyer was telling me these people wanna sue me and they didnt have my insurance info because the dumb ass cop cant give something important to these inbred fucks. I was thankful to be fucking alive and had no money at all for a lawyer. No one in my family helped me at all with this shit. Anyways my charges were all dropped which was just leaving the scene of an accident. And my insurance paid her like 20000 I think? Might be more but not sure and guess what! the bitch wanted me to do community service for her horses in az while I was pregnant with twins. Judge didnt go for that. Anyways following the horses sadie was put down, never got better. Sam i believe he lived for 2 years after the accident and poncho made a full recovery since I grazed him. I havent followed the page much lately. I hate the girl who recieved so much community help, got a nice lump sum of money for fucking my day and car up and thought so much of me doing community service would be her nice cherry on the damn top. She competes and has a shit ton of horses and it grosses me the hell out. Ive had ptsd for quite some time, but these horses made it worse and now involves driving at night being extra catious thinking horses will be in the damn road again. Also the sight of a horse makes me so fucking mad. My family is a horse hating family and forever will be. Sometimes I wish I could of just got a lawyer and sued her and I was in such a different mind set then. Struggled because of this girl and her neglect to these horses. But now I'm known as the horse killer and will forever hold that title and continue to spread my hate towards horses!!