So I'm a 20 y/o female from the east coast. Over the summer I ended up getting in an argument with my mother. I had recently moved back in with her and I was struggling with my mental health. I was having an emotional break down of some sort and I regrettably yelled at my mom about her not understanding and being supportive. ( at the time she was having a hard time understanding my mental health and her own as well so it was really unfair for me to take it out on her.) Anyways during the argument, I went to my room and my mom went to throw out the trash. We live in a really old 3 story apartment, I tried slamming my door but the old door wouldn't shut. I was so angry and hot and wanted to break that fucking door or at least kick it shut. My body started feeling so hot and I was filled with so much rage of all my pent up anger and all these memories of my family not helping me when I needed it. In a blind rage, I began ripping off my shirt and blue jeans off. I started kicking the door with my left leg firmly on the ground. The first two kicks did nothing but swing the damn thing back and fouth. but on the third and final kick, I felt my left knee twist opposite the direction of the motion I had been kicking with this whole time. I felt a snap inside my knee and all the rage and blood drain from my face, and with that, I fell to the floor. My fucking kneecap dislocated so it was on the wrong side of my god damn fucking leg. The moment I saw it I began screaming and my anxiety went threw the fucking roof. I screamed for help but my mom had only left 2 min ago and we live on the 3rd floor. IDK how long it took her to get back, but in that time I wasn't able to move from my spot on the floor where I shrieked in agonizing pain while aimlessly throwing my arms around desperately looking for my phone. My mom finally heard me as she was coming up the stairs and barged into my room and began screaming and crying. she has a panic disorder and was if a state of shock and fear and didn't know what to do. I screamed for her phone and 911. She kept shaking and looking frantically. She got her phone and struggled to unlock it so yelled for her to just hand it to me and I called myself. I was in a shitton of pain, crying and screaming. But the ambulance was there in like 5 min after the call. The medics rushed in to see a mostly naked screaming 20y/o with a dislocated knee. my mom finally snapped out of it and stopped panicking as much as they put me on the stretcher. she packed me my sundress and flipflops and her bag before rushing out. the ride on the stretcher is a whole other story. They strapped me in but we had do go down the narrow stairs at what felt like a weird angle. The angle of the stretcher was at made my body slide more towards the bottom and mind you I'm a curvy busty young woman so it was uncomfortable and chaffing, Other than the agonizing pain in my left leg, now I was strapped up on a stretcher chaffing and tugging my tits. Luckily my mom threw a sheet over me before leaving the building so I wouldn't be exposed to the whole world. we made it to the hospital after a bumpy painful ride. In the end, I had Dislocated my knee and tore my MCL. I went to Physical therapy but my knee still fucking hurts when walking at times.