[17M] hi, during the last half a year I’ve tripped on Penis Envy mushrooms about 7 times. At first I wasn’t worried cause I had never heard of HPPD and I don’t have any mental problems from what I know of. I also thought shrooms were nothing to worry about besides a bad trip. I thought no matter what the outcome would be, psychologically it’d be positive (so dumb). So for my first 3 I had 2 great trips and a horrible one due to a friend. After these I began to get flashbacks at random times where objects would zoom in and zoom out or get a little wavy, but I still didn’t know of HPPD and thought the waviness was a cool little side affect of the shrooms to accompany my weed now. It also got a little harder to see in the dark after one of the later trips but nothing bad enough to worry me. Sooo I kept tripping until my last one two weeks ago. It was nice, peaceful, and I had a good time. Luckily I decided I was done with shrooms for a while during the comedown because I thought I was going in too quick in my opinion (wish I realized this sooner). When I woke up the next morning I felt a little out of it but not out of the ordinary after a night of tripping. The second day I also felt fine. On the third day however it got harder to see in the dark, few big splotches of color would appear in my vision, and colors would change to different shades. As the days went on they got worse and worse. Now I need my phone to move around my dark house because my vision is distorted with red, blue, green, and black lines and dots everywhere(super hard to describe). It’s not like the pictures of visual snow so I don’t know if it’s that but it gets bad sometimes and makes it hard to see. I struggle with reading now because it’s hard to concentrate on one single word in the page, instead all the other words and letters move a little and I need to look at words carefully. When I close my eyes, it’s like I imagine something but I don’t, an image just appears randomly then disappears(usually eyes). If I get really anxious or scared and my HPPD goes up a lot faces appear in my vision and they’re usually scary mean faces (which happened during the bad trip). usually they aren’t realistic and it’s usually just some eyes and a mouth but it can be a little spooky because they don’t disappear if I look away or close my eyes, I just need to wait a few seconds. My least favorite symptom of them all is seeing shadows dash around like people out the corner of my eye. This one happens whenever but usually in the dark. It’s very random and always gets me anxious a bit which boosts up the other symptoms. Almost forgot that I mistake ambient noise for voices often now too. Anyways that’s what I’m dealing with, is it HPPD? and Is it normal for it to progressively get worse? Sorry for such a long post I wanted to make sure I got most the details.