I haven’t received my stimulus payment although it was sent to a refund transfer account number with H&R Block on April 15th. I last filed for tax year 2018 last year with H&R Block and received my refund on my Emerald Card just as I did the previous year for 2017. The account number also known as the refund transfer number on both returns match what was provided on the IRS website when they sent the stimulus payment on April 15th. As of April 18th nothing has been received and H&R Block’s financial department Representative I spoke with the afternoon of April 18th claims that my rt account was closed 30 days after I last filed and my stimulus payment was returned to the IRS (which doesn’t make since & I think that she’s lying about the closing of the account). My Emerald Card is still active. As of 10pm April 18th now the IRS website is saying that “We scheduled your payment to be deposited on April 24, 2020 to the bank account below.” which is the same account number it was sent to previously. Normally if it’s returned due do a closed account the IRS doesn’t attempt another direct deposit they would just mail the payment which leads me to believe that Axos bank returned my payment for no reason. Back in January, just days after declining an office H&R Block appointment after being denied for the loan, I began working on my 2019 tax return on the free H&R Block program through IRS. I didn’t submit it because I was missing income information. The very next day the H&R Block tax preparer messaged me and called leaving a voicemail stating that she received my tax information and will review it and send it for me (which I never asked her to do which was why I didn’t go to the office). I ignored the message and felt as if I wanted her to do anything I would have contacted her and ask and in the mean time I was pissed because what ever she did it eliminated my ability to efile my return myself at the time because the system kept saying that there were multiple accounts present/an error message which caused me to hold off on filing for a while and to make sure that I wasn’t missing any income. Currently, the site is allowing me to file now which doesn’t explain why I could receive my stimulus check. H&R Block could have made SO much money from the associated fees with the Emerald Card if they would have just transfer the stimulus payments from Axos Bank to the Emerald cards, I’m not understanding their logic behind all of this. I guess they just didn’t want to pay too many customers the “$10” incentive or at least not to people who didn’t return this tax season, smh.