Sorry if this gets long... a little background to begin with: I (25f) live in a smallish apartment complex where pretty much everyone knows each other. I’m not saying I know each tenant personally, but I recognize everyone who lives here. It’s a family complex; there aren’t many single people. I live with my husband and my 3 young children. Now, onto what I’ve been experiencing: one morning about a week ago an elderly woman began showing up at my kitchen window, (when I’m the only one visibly in the kitchen) and tapping on the glass, calling to me in Spanish, trying to get my attention. I’m white with red hair and blue eyes, so it’s easy to assume I don’t speak a whole lot of Spanish. However, I can understand a bit, so I’m able to ascertain that she’s telling me to come “down”. I’m reasonably startled that this woman is shouting through my closed window at me, and I’m definitely not going downstairs to meet a stranger in a pandemic, so I run and get my husband, who speaks fluent Spanish. Maybe she needs help, I thought. She was being very frantic. But when I come back with my husband, she’s gone. We were weirded out but continued with our lives. Fast forward to two nights later, she shows up again, tapping on the glass. This time, however, I’m not there and my husband is. He said once she saw it was him, she quickly walked off. A few days later she’s back, not 5 seconds after my husband walks out the door for work. She’s speaking through the open window to me now as if we’re well acquainted, telling me (and again this is a very choppy and rough translation) something about there being food downstairs, that they’re giving out food and it’s really good, that I should go get some for my kids. At this point I’m really nervous about this lady, I just get bad vibes when she shows up. So I call the manager of my complex, and tell him what’s been happening. He says he’ll look into it. I get a call back today, and manager tells me he checked the security cameras and he doesn’t recognize the woman as a tenant. She’s seen on the cameras walking into the complex from the street (we live downtown in a busy area) and then exiting again a few minutes later, but going in the opposite direction she came from. Manager suggests I call the police the next time she comes around. My friend actually referred me to this sub, and said my story sounds like a lot of the ones posted here. Am I being groomed to be trafficked? I’m worried because I am alone 12 hours a day with just myself and the babies... and I feel like this kind of thing isn’t a priority with law enforcement right now.