Hello I have had encounters with an alien that had me call him Father Z he had an eye in the middle of his head ( in between his eyes)  he told me I was his real child and my parent's were not my real parents even though I looked like them.  He told me he made sure I was born on the 23rd of February I'm not sure why that was important but it was to him. So I have so many memories that have been coming up of test's I was put through  as a child  called the "Room Run " and " Nightmare Hall" these were very brutal and sadistic  test I dont know if I'm aloud to tell u guys what happened in here , last time I tried to explain what was done to me they took it down and said it broke rules..   For some reason even though Father Z he claimed to love and care for me I was put through alot of torture.  I can remember being put in a tank full of water with millions of hairs in it and trying to stay perfectly still so the hair didn't rap around my body for hour's and hour's I would try to  stay still not move .( still afraid of wet hair to this day I'm 35)  I  was put through so much more and I wish so bad I could tell you all what happened to me in the "Room run "and "nightmare hall" but it's to graffic , I honestly need to get all those experiences off my chest so bad about all the things that where done to me  so I can hopefully move on and have someone say I believe you  and your not crazy. there is so much more i have been having alot of memory's coming out in my 30's I didnt remember any of this stuff tell I got older I just knew I had weird phobia's my whole life but I had idea why I did like ... wet hair, witches, lady in the bathtub from the shinning and black holes ( these phobias were all  to do with the "test" Father Z put me through . Which I'm pretty sure it was some kind of virtual reality but I felt every death , scare and trauma I was put through agian and agian.    I was also put in some kind of chair where they could merge you with interdimentional beings that would attach to you  have you ever heard of that scientist Daniel neme he takes pictures of interdimensional beings well one of the negative beings he took a photo of looks like it has black holes all over it Father Z  used to let this being that looked similar to the one Daniel Neme captured on film merge with me and it would look like black holes where settling all over my body ( that's where my fear of black holes came from )  I'm sorry if my grammer sucks  but this really happened to me please be kind this was really hard to put myself out there. It so hard to tell people stuff like this when u live a normal life and dont want people to think you are crazy.   Thank you if anyone has similar  experience please let me know I really need to talk to someone about all this stuff and swap storys.  I have so many more stories to share.    If this gets a bad response I'll just take it down I hope not I have been waiting for a pla e I can talk about this      I will draw some pictures of my experience if people want and draw Father Z if people want to see what he looks like.