I have had reactive tinnitus for 5 months now. It makes watching tv and listening to music a big struggle at times. When I was going home from working at a grocery store almost every night, my tinnitus would go from a 3 or 4 to an 8 from working 5 or 6 hours at the store so it would be at severe leve.s when I got home. I figured my T was probably reacting to sounds when it didnt use to so that's why its spiking badly at the end of the day but I haven't worked there since taking an abstence leave. I havent worked there for 3 weeks. My tinnitus still gets louder at the end of the day just by staying home and being around normal sounds. On bad days, voices on tv have a metallic ringing at the end of every sentence when a person speaks which is annoying and awful and theres a weird sound when theres wind or the toilet flushes or I hear the refrigerator. These noises dont cause physical pain but it makes my tinnitus louder or the tones I dont hear in silence will appear around the noises I mentioned. I wear a hearing aid and was born with hearing loss and I took a hearing test 3 months ago and didnt lose any hearing and theres no fluid in my ear from what I was told. I took a CT scan too and these weird problems just showed up one day after a cold went away and it was back in November. At first I wanted to run out of the store cause i felt uncomfortable there for some reason when i didnt before so I would desperately wanna run out of there, all those refrigerator noises made me spooked. I can go in the store without a problem now, the only thing that depresses me is my T reacting. I heard hypercusis not only has to be about loudness or physical pain in the ears but it can cause reactive tinnitus and sound distortion too. There was nothing different about that cold I had and if this is coming from my hearing loss then I dont know why it would cause problems out of the blue with no more loss in hearing. Is sound distortion or reactive  tinnitus a part of hypercusis and can working 2 years in a grocery store give you hypercusis?