Hey all, I hope it's alright to post questions about tests and all that; been kicking things around in my head and thought it might be nice to talk to some people who sorta know what it's like. I started having some lower back pain and lower right abdominal pain at the beginning of February. It started out painful but not major, I honestly thought it could be period pains when it began but the longer it went on the worse it got and still no period. Within a few days it was bad enough to warrant an urgent care visit, I was mostly worried about appendicitis but basically all they could discern was that it probably wasn't that and scheduled an ultrasound for the next week. By that weekend it was bad enough that I was periodically missing school and work for it. Sitting up to do homework and through class was terrible, it was like a spasmodic pain that took the breath out of me. But I wasn't having any of the usual symptoms of an IBD, no diarrhea, no fevers, no constipation, no tenderness of the stomach when pressed upon, etc. Finally got to the point where I needed to go to ER, they did a CT, bloodwork, and ruled out appendicitis for sure. Recommended an ultrasound at an outpatient that next tuesday. I couldn't even wait that long to be seen, ended up literally taking a train back home to go the ER where my dad worked (it's out of the city so less wait and easier to be seen in network). More ultrasounds and bloodwork, found nothing. Ultimately ended up being seen by a GI who referred me back to an OBGYN, just to be positive it wasn't something like endometriosis or a torsion. Even thought she was fairly sure it wasn't either of those, she said the only way to be sure was laparoscopic surgery. They made one little incision and looked around, didn't find what they were looking for. So back to the GI for a colonoscopy. For the past month I've been mostly out of school during my senior semester, the pain is pretty constant and I've been miserable at home hoping for someone to just tell me for sure that there's something wrong. The cursory results of the colonoscopy was that there was nothing visually abnormal about it. Which I'm sort of ashamed to say made me bawl on anesthetics in the recovery room. I'm still waiting to see if the biopsy detected anything they couldn't see but mostly I'm just so tired and frustrated. I'm incredibly fortunate to have been referred and seen so quickly while this has been going on, I just feel bad for all the stress it's caused my family and I feel guilty not being able to give people in my life an answer for why I'm still sick. I guess I'm just looking for some people to talk to about it, I'm tired of complaining and being sad to everyone who cares about me but just need it off my chest. If you've read this far and wanna talk I thank you for that, I'm willing to listen and chat with anyone.