I hate that I’m even writing this but I’ve been feeling so alone and just need to get things off my chest. I’ve been dating my now ex boyfriend since I was 17 years old, we are each other’s firsts for almost everything including being in a serious relationship. We are now 26.. so it’s been about nine years and I’ve always known he was the one. This year was going to be the year that we took the next step and got a place together, and we’ve always talked about marriage, etc. But I really messed up... I had cheated on him a few years back with an ex and denied it when rumours started spreading. The rumours fizzled out and we were great... until we went on a trip recently and I cheated on him again with a very close friend. He found out. About everything, even the previous guy. I don’t even know how I let it get to this point because I don’t have feelings for the most recent guy. The first time I was upset with my boyfriend and drunk and things just escalated from there but it happened more than once and I’m aware those were conscious decisions but it was never a reflection of my relationship or how I felt about my boyfriend. I was completely fulfilled and happy. It was more of an inner issue with me and my insecurities but he doesn’t understand that. Of course I regret everything and would go to the ends of the world to rebuild and regain his trust, it breaks my heart to see how broken he is because of me.. and I hate that I never considered how bad the consequences would be. I was just so wrapped up and selfish. He broke up with me and said he needed space which I understand but for us, it’s always been impossible to stay away from each other and even though I know he needed space.. we allowed each other to see one another for another three months post break up. Four days was the most space I gave him because I would always cave and he would let me back in. I really did intend on giving him real space but naturally when you feel like you’re losing something.. you hold on tighter and it’s my fault for not being strong enough to respect his request, I get that. We did agree that we could still keep in contact every now and then and check in on each other and I was okay with that. Then all of a sudden, he comes to the realization that he no longer sees a future with me at all.. and needs to cut contact completely... I’m crushed and shocked. He says the entire cheating situation has been weighing too much on him everyday that it consumes him and he can’t see himself getting past it. I didn’t anticipate him to make a decision so soon when i haven’t allowed him the proper space he needs to process. This is destroying me.. Throughout all this, he told me he was going to propose this year... I don’t know how to deal with this. Am i crazy to think that he would ever rethink his decision and come back to me? It’s been 9 almost 10 years together and I simply don’t want to start over. This was supposed to be it for me.. and I can’t believe I lost it. I don’t know how I’ll ever forgive myself for hurting him and us like this. It consumes me everyday. I can barely function. I have cried everyday since we broke up, I can’t sleep a full night, I even dream about all of this.. I just don’t know how to go on.. I never thought I would have to live my life without him. How do you cope with the loss of the love your life.. because I’m really struggling here.