Ok so I had a dream I was choked awake and when I looked at my attacker it was Jeff the killer and he said “go to sleep” then I said “you woke me up to tell me to go back to sleep?” With a more skeptical face he hesitated and said “uhhh yeah?” I look at him and get SUPER pissed and I sit up and I happen to have been wearing my homemade shirt that says try me in the front with a knife and stab me I dare you on the back the dude looks at my shirt and asks about it I say “what the hell does my shirt have to do with this?” He just shrugs and says “we’ll GO TO SLEEP!!” And I reply “you woke me up. ITS YOUR TURN TO KNOW WHAT ITS LIKE TO HAVE AN INSANE PERSON AFTER YOU!!” And pop up grab a knife that for some reason was under my mattress then my grandma comes down and asks what’s going on then sees the stand off and says “well sh!t she finally attracted a serial killer.” And slowly backs out of the room eventually I get tired and say “if your gonna kill me do it I’m fking tried.” He just lowers the knife and looks at me. then I say “and if your not either leave or sit down.” He just looks at me and says “who the hell are you?” I reply with  “someone who is a little bit crazier than you.” I say and flip down and pull the blanket up and just like in real life when you fall asleep not a second goes by and your awake so I wake up and I try to get out of bed but I can’t as something is holding me down I turn around and see none other than Jeff the killer I just violently shake until he lets go and get up announcing that I’m hungry to my grandma she gets out the strawberries and the bananas and says “it’s all you.” I make my fruit salad and start to eat until I hear “fk what time is it?!” I look at the clock and say bout ten thirty he comes upstairs and my grandma just says “fruit salad?” He looks up and says “this household is fkd up. And sits down I get up and come back with an old hoodie and say “get changed into this you smell.” He looks at me and says “rude.” And gets up and enters a random room he comes back out with the hoodie on and the bloodstained one on his arm I snack the bloodstained one and go to the garage I get two bottles of bleach and a bucket and start to fill the bucket with bleach and water I put on gloves any wash it I put it in the dryer and come back in and say “knife, now. He looks at his knife and back at me I walk to him and snatch it. I go to the kitchen and I get out a knife sharpener I sharpen it and hand it back and then I get out my phone and go though my notifs then the dream ends.