Hello all. I’m really upset right now i and don’t have anyone to talk to so I guess I’m just going to take my worries on here. So I was in a relationship for two years. It has been very rewarding and wonderful and we never had fights. We had the same interests and personality. Well, out of nowhere my boyfriend’s life went in a downward spiral. He had to withdraw from university because he or his mom couldn’t get approved for a loan, his grandmother died, and he was just lost in life. He started acting strange of course because he was dealing with a lot. He would cancel plans, he stopped showing me affection, and he became very irritable. He asked me for a break (I don’t really believe in taking breaks but I loved him so I gave him space), but when we finally hung out again after weeks, he dumped me. He left me in the dark, didn’t tell me if he planned on getting back together once he figured things out. (This was in January). He told me that he still loved me and his brother reached out to me to tell me to wait until he’s ready, and I did for a month. I’d check in on him but he’d never give me a timeframe. I felt devastated and worthless. My depression worsened incredibly and I really wanted to feel loved again. I still had full blown feelings for my ex but I engaged in a relationship with someone else late February. We’re still together but I’ve been avoiding confessing too much about my life or feelings because I’m horrified of getting hurt again. Even though Ive been with someone else, I’d check in on my ex “as a friend,” just to ask how he’s doing, etc. Well I cracked two days ago and I asked my ex if he’d be interested in getting together again anytime soon and I confessed that I still had feelings for him. He replied with “I’ll have to think about it.” He obviously wants nothing to do with me. I regretted sending a message and I’m going to try not to talk to him at all anymore because I don’t think it’s fair to my bf, but it’s really hard when you’re filled with so much hurt and confusion. I just don’t understand how we could have been best friends basically, totally in love with each other, and he could just throw me away in an instant without any explanation. I’ve been feeling really worthless. And it doesn’t help that I made plans with my bf last night to hang out today (we’ve both been quarantined, and we will be until next week. Don’t freak out at me), and he kind of blew me off. In fact, he completely blew me off. I always have to be the one who suggests spending time together and he always replies with yes. He said he’d love to but he’d have to leave early next morning to work on something, so I told him I could wait until next weekend but he didn’t reply. I assumed his “I’d love to” just meant that he’d come anyways. I didn’t hear from him at all today. I asked if he was planning on coming today or next week around 4, no answer. I became upset so I messaged again at 6, asking if he just wants to hang next week. No answer until 7:30, and all he said was “yeah sorry let’s plan for next weekend.” He completely blew me off. This all would have been fine if he just would have told me he didn’t have the time when I originally asked or if he would have told me sometime today, before when we were supposed to hang. I prepared food for him and cleaned, made myself presentable. I’m just so disappointed, and I feel really worthless. I don’t believe in love anymore. I’m really upset and I’m really hopeless.