Like I just read something in here and I just had like a “wow” moment.. I think from what I’m reading that I’m growing into an incel I guess. Ever since my ex, she was like 2 years ago and she was the first girl I actually just talked to and one thing lead to another etc etc. but after I broke up with her, I found myself back then what I would call “drained” as in that I used up all my love on my ex and I was so drained of it that I couldn’t really talk to girls and get a good convo started because I always felt so unmotivated to start one and sometimes clueless on where I should start. And I’m ruining my dating life. I always say the same things to girls whenever I slide in their dm, whether it’s Instagram, Snapchat, or tinder, I always just say the same things and I find myself talking about my problems a lot and how I’m depressed when really I’m just trying to get to sex... honestly. Because I feel as if sex is what is going to make a girl want to keep you. But I always end up feeling bad, because I always rush everything and I end up blocking whoever I have sex with on all social media’s they have and so that they can never find me again. I know that is crazy. And most of the women I had sex with ever since my gf, I barely knew them, I just straight up asked them all the time if they wanna hang out, smoke, or do spend something together, but in the back of my mind I’m expecting sex. I never care about what they say, I just care about what they can do for me.. then I just end of blocking all of them on everything. Literally, just writing this stuff feels like I just let go off of something from my chest. Felt really mind opening I guess. But if that’s the first step, idk what is on here, I would love to learn some more tips in just opening up my mind where this incel mindset that’s probably been growing can just vanish. I would love to have a serious relationship, but most importantly, I want to actually learn how get to know a woman again and not just trying to convince them and lie that I love them or care when in reality I’m just trying to have sex. I sound crazy lol.