I was 19, going through a rough patch in my life, when I had to move back in with my dad and stepmom. They've been married for awhile, shes Chinease and my dad is American, they seem happy enough. My dad worked in buisness, so he was gone a lot for work. She never used to wear a bra when she was home, or ever really. That hadn't changed. I'd always see her nipples poking through her shirt, I would always have thoughts. I craved her, something about her broken english, and her chirpy attitude she always has. I began with subtle things, walking around the house in athletic shorts, making sure my bulge always showed, I could see her looking every once and awhile. When I would shower, the bathroom door would "mysteriously pop open" when I just wanted to make sure she had a nice view whenever she passed. My room was connected to the laundry room, so you had to go through my room to get to the washer. I was masturbating, when I heard her swing the door open, fully erect, I just played there and pretended to be asleep. I heard a faint little gasp, knowing she saw everything. I was barely keeping my eyes open as to not let her know I was awake, she went in and started doing the laundry. I quickly went back to masterbating to all the thoughts rushing through my head. I finished just before she walked back through my room, acting like I wash just waking up as I saw her looking, she gave me a little smile as she walked upstairs. At this point I was going crazy, dad gone all the time, her always looking ready. One night I went outside to do a little spying, I was speaking through the window when I saw her, legs spread, using a vibrater on her pussy. The next morning I said I was having shoulder pain, she always used this icy hot spray for pain, she was spraying it on my back when, my arms spread, she walks her tit right into my hand. At first I froze, wondering if she did that on purpose, if she didnt, if she even noticed? I said fuck it, I started fondling her tit. She didnt do anything, just let it happen. I took my shot, I turned around to face her, still grabbing her tit, I grabbed her hand and put it in my pants. She looked shocked, but didnt resist it. Already rock hard. I bent her over the table, and stuck my dick right in, and pounded like there was no tomorrow. She started yelling out no, but when I asked if she really wanted me to stop, she didnt respond. She never resisted and started really getting into it. I thought she would be a freak, but I had no idea how true that really was.  We had sex many more times throughout the week. One day I got home, and my stepmoms sister was over. I said hello, really polite, and was about to go downstairs, when they told me "get back here", in the most sensual broken english way, that instantly got my dick hard. I was sitting on the couch, talking, and my aunt, asked me if I had a girlfriend. I told her no. She started about how I need a Chinease girlfriend, I agreed. My stepmom piped in and said, with a penis like his, he'll make any Chinease girl happy. My aunt, not questioning how my stepmom would know this information, seemed real intrigued. My aunt started jokingly asking questions about it. My stepmom then looked at me and said "just show her". My aunt got this big wide smile on her face, and I whipped out my already erect cock. They both were giggling at this point. I walked up to my aunt, and pushed her over onto the couch. Her face turned from a smile, to shocked. I roughly pulled up her skirt, and started rubbing her pussy, stepmom smiling, aunt still with a shocked look on her face. My stepmom stood up and took off her shirt. Instantly the smile started to come back to my aunt. It was game time. I penetrated my aunt, just going to town, as my stepmom sat beside masterbating. I never told my stepmom, but I liked my aunt better, she was skinnier, not that my stepmom wasn't. But I could just do anything with her, throw her around. I was about to bust, and told them to come over and get on there knees. They both did, I busted all over there faces. Then they started swapping the cum between them, making out at the same time.