Next day was laundry day nothing much happened though I did see my aunt checking the shirt that I came on. Same day the same yoga happened but I was content with the pictures I had of her I saved them and have them in my hidden gallery. Tomorrow night when my aunt was sleeping me and María stayed up watching movies it was pretty hot in summer and so I was wearing loose clothes my cousin was wearing a gray tank top and black flannel pajamas. I think we were watching Hellboy as it was me and my dad’s favorite movie. We were on the couch with one blanket being hers because it’s bigger. For the most part we were just relaxing I had no thought of fucking her my mind was set on Hellboy until she started to move in closer to me she said she was cold so I just put my arm around her and she started to get sleepy I got the thought of doing what I did to her two days ago(masturbate on her lips) so I waited until she was fully asleep that’s when I got her off of me and laid her on couch gently. I pulled on her tank top she wasn’t wearing a bra her bare tit looked so soft. I pulled down my pajamas and rested my dick on her tit I rubbed it until I got hard enough. Her mouth was open I my eyes looked on her soft lips breathing. I laid my tip in her mouth this time feeling the moisture and warm of her mouth and tongue surrounding my tip. I wanted to fuck her there grab her head and pull her mouth into me but I didn’t want to ruin this so I had to be happy with what I got. I went deeper beyond the inside of the lips to about her tongue I felt the wetness of it. I was about cum I didn’t know if I want to cum in her mouth I think that would wake her up so I came on her round rosy cheek . I took a picture during this of my dick in her mouth and of her with my cum on her face before cleaning her up. The reaction she had was just a few eye twitches so I know she was still asleep. I turned off the Tv and let María sleep on the couch for tonight. Next day around sun set my aunt had to leave for extra work leaving me alone with María. I was in my room I had locked the door my phone was in hand. Before my aunt lefted I checked on my cousin she in her room listening to music. Back to me, I went to my hidden gallery where I put all my pics of her in I went to the ones I took last night and started jerking off. I was halfway of cumming pants off and going raw with my bare hand with my phone with the pics underneath my penis. That’s when María barged in my room telling me that she was gonna make quesadillas and was wondering if I want ham in mine. I was scared and jumped up throwing my phone on the floor and pulling up my pants and yelling Ham. María’s started to turn red before laughing saying that I’m such a teen. Embarrassed I told her that she was only older than me by two years and that she has been “walked in” by her mom. She told me not to worry about her telling her mom or mine’s and just to relax while she makes quesadillas. During the day she kept making penis and cum jokes at me. At night the jokes kept going on then she went a step further by teasing me by pulling down her waist band showing me her hips, taking off her jacket and tugging down on her tank top exposing more boob while saying that she can help me with my problem while laughing. She was laughing it off but I don’t think she knew how hard she made me every tease my face turns red I put my head down and put my hand/arm down stopping my penis from springing up. It was around 1-2 in the morning when I went to the bathroom to finally jerk off as I’ve been holding it in all day. I sat on the counter next to the mirror jerking off to the pics again. And same thing happened María came in the bathroom with a tried face i don’t think she was in the right mind because she did the same tease of tugging on her top to show off her upper boob but since she was tired and a bit off she tugged to hard showing me bare tit. This was the first time a girl flashed me and I don’t think I was ready my body froze she told me to get out as she needs to pee and I agreed stepping out screaming in my mind of what just happened. Maybe I should stop locking the doors or just bait her to tease more but how I thought. I slept a bit restless having that image of my cousin flashing me etched in my mind. Her tit just looked amazing it wasn’t sag or draping down but it was in a full shape with just a small amount sag because of size. The skin tone was a bit off she is rather pale for being Mexican but I can’t talk I’m in the same boat with our skin complexion. But her was less noticeable. This time I locked the door and finally came with no interruptions.