There are a variety of opinions about NK!  And I myself have mixed feelings.  When I used to go to Nenjudo in Asakusa, they would usually give me free samples (with purchase!) that were always NK.  Sometimes Kyara Taikan, but mostly Eiju, which I never got interested in.  Recently, I looked at their US website.  I ordered some Kayuragi sachets--they are supposed to be for scenting business cards, so they come in a paulownia box of the appropriate size.  They are not expensive, but not that great, either.  I got the sandalwood and agarwood varieties.  I guess it's better than unscented business cards!  But I suppose you could scent other things, and I like the boxes.  I was not interested in the Eiju line, but I saw a new one at the top: Eiju selected aloeswood.  So I ordered just one roll at a reasonable price.  It has the Eiju basic smell, with something like the Jinkoh Juzan stick in there very faintly.  So, it might be a cheaper replacement for JJ.  I also ordered a 20 stick box of Kyara Taikan.  It so happens I still have a box that I got many years ago at Nenjudo.  Wow, things have changed!  The older box was a paulownia wood box with a slip case of textured cardboard that looks almost like brocade.  The new on is just a single-layer cardboard with the brocade pattern faintly visible.  And the sticks have changed as well. Still recognizable, but when I compared, the older stick was much richer.  So, I still have mixed feelings about NK.  Oh, they gave me some samples--charcoal soap, and a six-stick box of Scentual.  The box indicates there are six varieties in the Scentual line, but the six sample sticks were all together in one box.  I have only burned one, and it reminded me of Nag Champa or something.  That stick didn't clearly identify with any of the six varieties, at least to my nose.  It was pretty good, and it might be a recommendation for someone looking for economy-class sticks.  I still have mixed feelings about NK.  I wondered if I might get a box of the selected Eiju, but now I think I won't.