I’m ashamed of my whole family. Idiots think that my poor cat causes corona and gave 2 of my 5 cats away. Bastards. My grandma straight up kicked my cat and called it bastard. I told her indirectly to never come to my house. These stupid ‘ustads’ (muslim priests) make some videos on YouTube saying shit like this , which my granny listens to and tells the rest of my family who like fools agree with what she says. “Chickens,goats and cats” cause corona it seems. I asked her, people have been having these animals for millennia. And my cat is an indoor cat for god sake. I’m not very religious but my family has turned into some cult right now. Full time these Islamic speeches will be played in YouTube at full volume which irritates the shit out of me. They are in Arabic too, my family doesn’t even know Arabic , they think listening to it will bless us and protect us or some shit. My mom posts all this religious stuff and saying allah is the best and some of those sentences sometimes make it seem like she’s in a cult and totally brainwashed. It also affects my dads business, you know how? Dad and mom works together as an event company and most of my dads clients are Hindus , who after seeing all this try to stay away. It may sound crazy but there are many clients who have often told other clients not to make events from us since we are biased to Islam. My dad tells my mom not to be so religious atleast in social media where thousands of people will be viewing. It’s kind of like her business number. My moms name sounds very much like a Muslim name so they decided to change it(not officially) to seem neutral to all religions. You ask why go to such extents, it’s just a religion? My dad almost lost an event from a multi millionaire because his friends circle were Hindus and told not to organise event from us. Instead go to other alternative , he stayed with us but guess what happened next? He didn’t pay the amount of the quotation(bill) and flew to Singapore. So that my dad doesn’t call him. And on top of all this shit, now this coronavirus shit happened and they bring religion to all this and I feel like I’m in a cult. I don’t like it, if I’m at home I’m on my PC from morning to night so it’s not a huge problem for me. But since there are holidays for everyone , my mom always takes us to our granny’s house where everyone stays (joint family) , all these people who have jobs are currently staying at home and including the ones who were always jobless are together. It’s a huge cult now, all day I’m asked to pray, every 5 minutes(almost literally) I’m reminded that cats give coronavirus and insults to my cats keep coming. Although there’s clearly NO evidence to it at all. They also say that the world will be wiped out by this virus since it’s written in the Quran or something which I don’t think is true. Sorry for the long rant, it’s not too terrible but it’s pretty bad.