Religion is the sole reason India is still not developed (or even close to getting developed for that matter). All the cultural diversity India brags about is utter bullshit because having so many cultures and so many communities who can't live in peace among each other is useless. If these religions or communities didn't exist in the first place then India could have avoided majority of the problems it faces now. Religion is a fairy tale. All the gods we worship are ancient stories. They are simply fandoms of popular stories written by the ancient people. Think of it like the MCU or the world of Harry Potter. We didn't make Marvel or Harry Potter a religion did we? Religions, Gods, Goddess and all of these things are just the creations of very imaginative authors. These authors told their stories so well that people started to believe them. We all want the world of Harry Potter to be true but it isn't possible and we know it. Yet we believe in these tales of Gods for no reason? Religions are causing problems. The caste system, oppression of women, trans-phobia, homophobia, 'your elders know everything' bullshit, child marriage, communal violence and countless other problems are all borne out of religion. Religion is a murderer, it divides people. People forget at the end of the day we all are just humans and caste, religion and whatnot are just tags created by us. They are just labels which shouldn't exist. Yet they still do and that is why India isn't developed. The government sucks, the politics sucks, most of our 'teachings and values' our elders teach us is stupid and outdated. People are conservative, PDA is shunned, Women who wear 'short clothes' get stared at. Rape cases are high. People get killed because they have a different opinion. All of this happens because religion exists, it divides people. We don't see all this in countries which are developed. Why? Because these countries are progressive, they are open to new ideas and most importantly they are not crazy over religion like India is. Sure they have problems but not as many as India has. Population is a factor too but not that big of a factor as we think. We have been taught at school (in economics if you remember) that human resource is an asset for India not a burden. But IT IS a burden because human resource in India is divided. Why? Religion. But of course the religious fanatics are going to bash a 15 year old for his opinions in the comments further proving my point. Thanks for taking your time to read this if you have made it here. Have a good day!