This is gonna be a bit long so I hope it's alright. We infjs are often the victims of narcissistic people. This is my story. At the age of 40 my ex husband came home and handed me a notarized letter stating he wanted a divorce. Now our marriage was still in the early stages. We were only married about a year and a half at the time. We were together about 4 years before getting married. During that time he had become my world. He was very narcissistic and controlled every aspect of our relationship. I was naive and let him do it and the verbal abuse plus the gaslighting did a lot of damage. I was truly frightened. I didn't know how I'd function without him or much less on my own. I had never lived alone in my life. I always had roommates or boyfriends to help with the load so being alone at first was truly hard. My finances got crippled by the divorce. I had to file bankruptcy. I had to take a second job to make ends meet. I started drinking heavily, smoking again, and using drugs. I met men online for easy sex I became a train wreck. I walked out on my job and drove Lyft and uber for about a year. Let me tell you doing that full time sucks. It's so up and down and it makes it hard to budget. I fell behind in my rent for a while but my landlord worked with me. Then the beginning of last year I decided I wanted to clean up my life. I started going to church again. I know for some this is an eyeroll and if you don't believe in God that's fine but I do. I promise not to be too preachy but honestly that changed my life. I got the support I needed to get myself clean. I haven't used drugs illegally now in 2 years. I've been sober 18 months and tobacco free now for almost a year. After I got clean I landed a fantastic job that i excell at with a generous salary so money is no longer an issue for me. I have met a wonderful man who is okay with the fact I don't want to live with anyone and probably will never want to get married again. He's really supportive of me and my goals. I have begun exercising again though probably not as much as I should it's a start. I'm blessed. Real change comes when you get tired of yourself honestly. I got tired of myself so I tore down and rebuilt myself from the foundation up brick by heavy brick. You can get through anything if you believe in yourself.  Stay strong.