first off, it’s been physically impossible for me to sleep more than 6 hours for like, a few weeks and the other night i took 5 valium. i honestly don’t know how my insomnia is this powerful. but even when i do sleep, i just cannot sleep deeply- i get weird hallucinations mixed with dreams, like half awake delirium and it’s driving me nuts. i’m starting antipsychotics (seroquel) soon which should help with my weird sleep psychosis and help me sleep but i have to wait a while for that. anyway, does anyone else experience the not being able to sleep deeply thing? like last night i had a realistic dream about someone i know dying and then woke up believing it had happened and almost acted on it, by messaging this dude and his friends to say like sorry for your loss when i’m fairly sure (but still not certain the next day, might be losing my mind) he’s alive? that was around 5am and i woke up fully after, sent a few texts about it and then was awake for the next hour and a half in a panic about it (good old insomnia) before actually managing to fall asleep again, but again, into a weird half awake state. i remember checking my phone at a certain time and seeing replies on it and being happy but i couldn’t unlock it for some reason so i gave up and chucked it across my bed (i was like half conscious i guess, i remember doing it, i was either retarded or asleep but either way, i did actually chuck my phone and remember doing it after not being able to unlock it but seeing replies to my panic). then i properly woke up about half an hour later, just to find that there weren’t any responses at the time i’d seen them as... normal people aren’t awake from 4-7am... whoops. either way, i feel like i’m going insane and when i do sleep i’m half conscious and not in control of my actions, the other night i fully screamed in my sleep/wake in this state, and i’m just freaking myself out. how can i sleep deeply and stop this weird shit, because if i keep getting psychotic shit like last night i will end up somehow damaging my life asking if people have died and bollocks. god, i cannot wait to start seroquel.. but until then, has anyone else experienced the weird half asleep half awake bullshit and how can i fix it?