Let me start by saying I use Instagram religiously it’s where I get all of my news, memes, see pics of my friends and send them post I see on there, but the app is a train wreck. Let me start by all the bots in the comments of any post from a popular page. It’s absolutely ridiculous the amount of bots in the comment section. They’re all porn accounts trying to get you to click their link. Tbh it’s a shame that we just put up with it, but wtf are we supposed to do report them? What’s that gonna do? That brings me to my next point instagram doesn’t give af about you or any of your opinions about the app. If you can even find a way to contact Instagram through email they will never respond or even evaluate your concerns. How many of us have had friends who’s accounts were hacked randomly or maybe had our own hacked, and how many times has insta even tried to fix it or try to help. Ik this sounds stupid but it’s such a “fuck you” every time you get on the app, they want you to look at the ads and leave and don’t care about anything else. Speaking of money why don’t we talk about the absolute corrupt industry going on with these pages. I’m a hip hop rap guy and I follow the typical “funnyhoodvidz” “rap” and formerly followed “worldstar” dude it’s insane the money these accounts make posting other peoples shit that they pay them to post. And I could deal with it a little but it’s gotten to the point where it controls the entire page and makes people think we endorse this type of stuff.im so tired of these instagram thots taking half naked pictures shoving their camel toe in my face on an account about sports or something. I could’ve probably sat down and structured this post better and sounded less bitchy but I just can’t believe no one talks about this stuff and it’s been going on for YEARS. Personally I’m tired of being sucked into this shit and giving these people money for the absolute shit they feed to us. There’s no way instagram is ever going to even act like the acknowledge us unless we all address these problems. I’m not trying to change everything but I just think someone needed to spark the conversation