Today I picked up a medium batch.  18 dollar payout total, new customer.  The name was female and there was kid food in the order. Shopped it and went to deliver the order. When I arrived I find myself at an apartment building that is subsidized housing. No problem, poor people gotta eat and she might be a single mom with little ones.  The parking lot was crowded, but no one is working so  I park, load up my bags, lock my car and head to the building.  There were three men by the door and I had to ask them to move so I could get in, one told me to "fuck off" but his buddy opened the door for me and held it while I went inside. Then I had to get buzzed, in and make my way to the 5th floor in the slowest, darkest creepiest elevator ever.  I get to the door and knock and a man shouts "just leave the stuff there" through the door.  So leave the stuff, snap a pic and leave.  When get back to I summon the elevator a man comes out of his apartment and stands in the hallway with me.   I started to feel nervous so I stepped back and looked busy on my phone (texted my son that if he didn't hear back in 10 minutes to call 911 and send him my location).  The elevator comes and goes and the guy is just standing there, so I head for the stairs.  I get into the stairway and the door shuts behind me and the stairway is super dark, I head down the stairs and the guy follows me. He is slowly coming down, not chasing me but going down so I move more quickly down the stairs,  then the door at the bottom opens and the three men from outside come into the stairwell!  Maybe they mean no harm but I was really scared.  My choices are to try to go back up, go down or try to exit on another floor.  I stop at the 2nd floor and there is no doorknob on the door!  I just decided to make the quickest exit ever and I bulldoze right passed the men, who again tell me to "fuck off" and run for my van.  I try really hard to not be racist or sexist.  Men are not bad just for being men, nor do I care if they are white, black or Latino.  I was legit scared.  I am not a big person, 5'4" and 120 with wet hair but I am fierce and strong. If any of those men wanted to harm me they certainly could have and I am glad they did not.  My son was upset and told me I should carry mace or an alarm.  Do any of you have safety concerns?  What do I do now? I won't ever go back there but what about other women shoppers?  Am I being a baby?