I ordered groceries yesterday from Publix and Costco via Instacart app. I received my order from Publix with just an issue with one item, overall the shopper (Alliya) found everything else. But I never received my order from Costco which was suppose to be delivered between 9am and 11am this morning. I woke up to a notification @ 7:06am that the shopper (Betzy) sent me a message. She asked if I wanted toilet paper and paper towels because the store had them. But then within minutes she was “finish with shopping.” At 7:34am I replied that I would have liked toilet paper but it was too late. By that time my groceries were “being stored in a cool place until delivery.” When the shopper finally replied she informed me that she was done with my order and had already left the store. At around 8am I got a notification that my ordered would be delivered at 8:30am. At 8:22am I got a notification that my ordered was delivered. Within this time frame I spoke with the shopper and thought she was a pleasant shopper. Little did I know that was a thief. I opened my door to receive my delivery and low and below there were no groceries. The shopper even posted an old picture of my house because that’s the reason why I thought my groceries were outside. When I tried to open that notification, my phone froze; I couldn’t open it even though the lock(🔒) symbol was actually open (🔓). When my phone finally unfroze and I was able to access the Instacart app, the chat log was closed out. It said the shopper left the chat. I know my groceries were stolen because my complex requires a gate code and all the previous shoppers always called me for the code. She never did. I even went as far as to walk through my building (all three floors) to check to see if she delivered it to another apartment. But I’ve never had this issue before. All the previous shoppers always found my apartment and left my groceries at my door due to the no-contact rule. Now I am out of around $50 and no groceries. I demanded a refund via Twitter. This has been a very disgusting and unpleasant experience.