My parents are currently deciding to get a divorce right now. Over the past four weeks, their behavior has gotten worse. My dad is alcoholic, and since he has been home for four weeks now, he drinks every single night until he passes out. But before he passes out, he becomes incredibly mean to everyone. He is the meanest drunk I have ever seen. He always yells at my mom saying that she ruined his life and that he does everything in the house and gets not help. He curses her out all the time when he drinks and it’s horrible for my mom and I. She just cries and has grown accustomed to getting these insults. He threatens her with a divorce all the time, and she agrees so fight some more. Then, he goes to bed while my mom sleeps in my sisters room because she is quarantined in her college apartment. He has been an alcoholic for about 4 years now. My mom has not slept in the same bed as him since I was 8 because she claims that he snores, but I think that she doesn’t want to be around him. My mom has said to be she wish that she got a divorce. I never really liked my dad. Only from a young age when I was ignorant of his acts that I admired him. But when I discovered that my mom slept on the couch and other stuff happened when I was 8 such as increased fighting, I put two and two together and realized I didn’t want to be like him at all. The only thing he has ever indirectly taught me was to be the complete opposite of him. My mom and dad have had good periods where they were more than neutral, but they never last. It always follows with a huge fight that drags on for about a week. In these fights, he always breaks stuff, and my sister and I would go into my room or her. My mom would then go to us after the fight, and she would say she wanted a divorce. I don’t know why she never got one. She makes double what he does because he never went to college. She’s about to get a pay increase in 2 years because she’s a successful lawyer. I do not know why she just doesn’t drop him. I always wanted her to leave him even from a young age when I didn’t want it to happen, but I knew it had to happen. My sister is in college right now, and my sister and I were always in private, Catholic school because my city consists of only private schools. Maybe money is the reason. Anyway, my parents’ fighting has been much worse. It may not have loud yelling and breaking, but it has more hatred. My dad says the meanest to stuff to my mom. My mom doesn’t deserve it. She works super hard and much more than him. She leaves work at the earliest at 6:30 and arrives there are 7:30. She does so much for me with helping me out for school. She was valedictorian, so she helps me with school studying strategizes after work. And she cooks. Then she mostly passes out of exhaustion. My dad wakes up at 5:14 because his work requires it, gets off at 3:15-4:00, goes to the gym, and then gets home  after picking me up from practice, tends his garden for an hour or two, and watches YouTube. He’s obsessed with YouTube. For the past two years, I’ve only seen my dad as a chauffeur. To me, he’s only that. I wish that I had another dad to replace him. He’s not the worst, but I wish I could have gotten better. I envy old friends’ dads who were always way better. I’m writing this because I have no one else to talk to. I don’t have close friends that I can talk to. I’m in high school right now. This quarantine has only made everything worse. In the start, it wasn’t that bad, but I guess my dad discovered that he could drink more because he didn’t have to wake up as early. He drinks every night, and he brews up a storm every night. My mom not getting a divorce much sooner has really affected me, and I’m only just realizing. I would have been much better off if he wasn’t in my life as much. My dad really doesn’t interact with me because he’s obsessed with his garden. Ever since the last quarantine, he’s always been in the garden. I avoid being in the same room as him. He’s neutral during the day when he is not drunk to me, but he’s still mean to my mom but not as bad. I’m writing this now because last night was one of the worst fights there was in the past few months. My dad stated drunkenly many times that he wanted a divorce, and my mom agreed. After hours of fighting while I was in my room hearing everything, I woke up to them calling their bank. It seemed that they were making separate accounts and un-associating their credit cards. They always shared credit cards, but I think they were separating their bank accounts. My dad said something along the lines of, “I’m paying the water bill.” I’ve always known that they share their accounts, so for him to say that only he pays the water bill means something. Are they getting ready to split? Do you think that they are getting a divorce?