Hello. I am a relatively small, 16 year old male. My name is James. I live with my parents, my brother, my two dogs (Major and Smokey) and my cat (Cali). (I promise this will add up to something, I just want to channel my emotions into an intelligent and understandable paragraph, or novel if you will. My Dad has anger issues, bad ones, he's a 6'2 navy chief and he's apparently intimidating (I wouldn't know, I've kind of become desensitized) according to my cousin and everyone else. When he gets mad at me, he yells at me really loudly and gets in my face and it makes me cry. Not because it scares me, but because my own father is so insecure that he has to get in my face and scream and try so hard to assert himself over me simply because he can't scare me, and I don't know what to do. My mom doesn't seem to give a shit about the whole anger issues thing, and I've started lifting weights to build up my self confidence (It went down after my whole family started degrading me, which i'll get to shortly). So, I'm 5'6, 132 lbs, but I like to think i'm pretty strong. My YOUNGER brother is 6'0, 150 lbs and I easily throw him around whenever we wrestle and then he gets mad and starts trying to hurt me, which doesn't really hurt because (I promise i'm not bragging) but i'm relatively muscular now due to the whole weightlifting thing, and i've always had a good pain tolerance. That stresses me out because I see my dad in him, he tries to do exactly what my dad does. And he constantly brings up the fact that "Mom and dad hate you" whenever we argue simply because they yell at me all the time. I won't lie to you, i've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety and I really don't know how to feel anymore, most days I just lift weights and doze around all day, the only real social life I have is at school and with my neighborhood friend group and I love them a lot. I have my grandfather that I consider my mentor in life, I want to be like him and be a welder for a living since I'm not all that smart but i'm a skilled craftsman. I consider him like my father, since he taught me everything I know, from basic courtesy to how to cuss and fight. My family essentially uses me as a punching bag. Everything comes back to me, I opened the fridge while I was sick, my dad lost his shit and yelled at me and refused to let me take my antibiotics that night, because I said I needed a drink from the fridge to swallow the pill. Bullying isn't an issue at school because I'm strong, but I do have a problem with people constantly calling me out for being "Not strong" until i prove otherwise, which is childish but you have to do what you have to do to keep yourself out of the limelight. I have good luck with getting girls to like me but they're never my type, they're the bitchy blonde girls who get bored too easy and just want a car guy / welder stereotype to see where it goes. I know their game, and I don't want to get caught up in it because I'm into romance, I really like the feel of a girl's hand in mine and the face she makes when I tell her I love her, or how much she means to me. I don't get bored, I get attached super easy, and that's my biggest weakness.  If anyone, anywhere can give me advice as to how I can make this easier on myself, I would really like to hear it. I'm quarantined with my family now because of the coronavirus.