You we’re never there in my hard times. I was alone for a long time. Now you want to just kick out the only one that gave me the feeling of being loved. You left us with my mom 14 years ago saying you can’t take care of us. I was longing for a dad’s care beause mom also neglected us. I always thought you were better than mom but NO! NEVER! YOU WILL NEVER BE! I was alone mentally for many years now! Where are you when that happen. Where are you when my classmates and those person i thought was my close friends accused me of stealing. I can only cry and hug my dogs. I hated my mother’s boyfriend because i thought your my only dad.I always appreciate those times that you visited us every saturday those are the only times i could see you just to give your financial support. We need that but i need love more. I was alone. I have no friends. I can only talk to my dogs and some random people in the internet. I always imagined my life with you when i was young. I always thought maybe ill be a better person, maybe ill be good at singing since you are good at that. I had good sides at me you know. Maybe you think im a bad person because  my mother always told you that. But i dont know what to do that time. My pain always result in anger but i always regret it.  No one really talk to me why im become like this. I am really nice to everyone except for my family because i hate all of you. You left me out. When are you when there’s no one to take care of me that time when i sick. When i was helpless, when i cant do anything because of sickness.  Now you’ll just come home because you have no where to go. FUCK YOU!! i thought probably i can talk to someone now that you’re here but FUCK YOU!! You’re just worst than my mom. My mom is better i regret all those times i thought you were better than her. I regret those times when i said that to her. Also who TF are you just to hurt my dogs. Its normal for dogs fo scratch their body what the fuck is wrong with you. Why do you have to call them off for that and hurt them. I fucking despise you. When you were st ghe hospital you said you feed them. You did at first but you keep hurting them now like you want to throw them somewhere. I hate you. After 15 years you’ll come home like nothing happens. FUCK YOU!