I have a friend of 17 years, and he's been living with me as a roommate for the last eight years. I rely heavily on him for moral support because there are times in life when it gets hard and I get depressed. I had texted him a couple times and he didn't respond. Last Tuesday I went downstairs to check on him and he said that he was barely able to get to the bathroom and he was stuck in bed. I asked him what was going on and he told me that he just felt sick. About 2 hours later I went downstairs again to make sure that he was okay and he said he figured out what was wrong with him. He said that the symptoms he was having coincide with alcohol withdrawal. So I learned that he stopped drinking on Saturday prior to the Tuesday when I spoke with him. On Wednesday I went downstairs and checked on him, and he was sleeping so I figured I would let him do so. On Thursday he asked for some sugar, and some salt for gargling and something sweet to drink. That night I spoke with one of my other roommates and he told me that Amy Winehouse died from alcohol withdrawal and we should keep an eye on him. Yesterday while I was at work I asked my roommate to go check on him and he said that my friend was non-responsive but he thought my buddy was asleep. When I got home from work at 5:20 p.m. I went downstairs and looked in the room and he looked like he was dead. I looked at his chest to see if it was raising and lowering but it wasn't. I called 911 and after the first responders came I found out he was dead.  I've never discovered a dead body before and right now I'm feeling angry and sad. The ultimate irony of all of this is that the thing that killed him is the thing that would have kept him alive. The coroner said that he had multiple organ failure and she had been dead for about 16 hours. I don't know where to put any of this. As an intj I pretty much have rationalized it to the point where I believe he's in a better place because his life was rather difficult and tragic but there is a part of me that feels callous and cold for not being emotional enough.