Hello :) Guess this is a shout into the void to see if anyone relates to this or has advice (I may be INTP but don't know for sure). I'm going to try to avoid sounding melodramatic and angsty but it may not work lol . I'm Elle and I'm 17 years old. Ever since I was 4 I have been consumed by existential questions (I remember circle time in preschool thinking Why am I here on Earth? What is Earth? What is the point?" ect.) No one could answer me, beyond my dad's hollow "God" response, which further propelled me into confusion. How could no one else care about these overwhelming unknowns? I read and I read (Nietzsche, Camus, Spinoza, Hawking, Kant, Jung...) had an existential depression none of my friends could relate to, I got so so deep inside my head and dissociated a lot, too. As I got older and a fair amount of emotional trauma later I had what could be classified as a semi-spiritual awakening and I am generally at peace with the unknown and now subscribe to a more "we are the universe becoming conscious of itself/collective consciousness/law of attraction" point of view, though I am still exploring. I understand that I may seem immature by saying that no one understands me, but there is maybe one person in my life who sort of will entertain conversations about what the fuck is actually going on with me. I have learned to mask most of this part of me (the realest part of me) to have friends and social connections in high school (I probably sound like a total nerd/loner but am somehow not because I get along with people and don't talk about this stuff except to select people). My point is, I guess...has anyone been like this who is further ahead in life than me with advice? What the FUCK is wrong with me, how am I so goddamn aloof in my thoughts. I am going to a college next year (corona situation providing) and don't know what to study besides philosophy and maybe physics. Even if you just read this, thank you and I appreciate you and hope you are doing well, apologies for the scattered and incoherent flow of this word vomit:) (posted this in an INFP forum but I think I am more rational than emotional? don't know)