I have a very complicated question. I currently have an iPhone 7 on iOS 13.3 jailbroken via Checkra1n. This is my daily use phone. I’m eventually planning on upgrading but the pockets aren’t allowing it. I currently have my SHSH2 Blobs saved for all iOS 10 versions and 13.3 only. I’m having an issue since upgrading to iOS 13.3 where I am prompted in settings to update my iCloud settings. When following through, entering my Apple ID password to update the settings, it pops a loading screen and then returns me back to the continue page where I can tap and enter my password in. It won’t update. I also just realized it’s failing to connect to Apple Pay servers, I can’t add a new card or set up Apple Pay Cash. I’ve also read and did home testing and found that this issue isn’t device specific. I have a separate iPhone SE that I updated to 13.3 before Apple stopped signing it and I am having the same problem. Also, this device has NEVER been jailbroken. I went to the Apple store and explained my whole situation.. even explained I’m not trying to update and lose my jailbreak, as it also decreases my phones value when I do go and upgrade (I plan to sell this phone myself not trade in). I was told to contact Apple support, but I know they are going to simply tell me to update to 13.3.1 but again, I’m not trying to as there is no way to downgrade from 13.3.1 as there is no nonce setting method is what I was told. Therefore, my question being is, is it possible to downgrade to iOS 10 and then back to 13.3? If I have both blobs saved ? The point of this is to get a refreshed iOS 13.3 on my phone in hopes it’ll fix this problem I’m having. I can’t use anything that requires to connect to Apple serves or iCloud and it sucks. Also, I’ve already tried rebooting my Phone, resetting my network settings, removing the checkrain jailbreak, etc. I have another iPhone SE and a 5S on 12.1.2 and 12.4.4 and both have ZERO issues connecting to iCloud and etc. so I believe this is strictly an iOS 13.3 bug with my account. Not related to devices. I was told that the Checkra1n jailbreak may have broken my iCloud from the Apple employees but we all know they know don’t anything haha.