I have been working at a consulting firm as an admin for about a year. I started out as a temp for finance with a year contract. The pay sucked through the temp agency but I felt like this UK (I'm in the US) based company was awesome. At first. I loved finance and my coworkers. They had an admin but she eventually rage quit and walked out on the job. NEVER a good sign.  But my eyes widened and I saw a permanent role. I took the admin role but was told it would be 50% finance 50% admin. The pay is decent now and I got to go to London (first time out of the country!) for onboarding. The admin side of my job took up at least 80% of my time. I still had other finance duties and was beginning to be overwhelmed. I was told admin would slow down and I could focus on finance. That never happened. I was working 60 HR weeks doing catering orders, cleaning, onboarding new joiners, making travel plans for partners, ordering, etc. While trying to do a bit of finance. Because the admin left so quick I had 0 training and was told to get things done that I had no idea how to do. My admin boss started to show her true colors within a few weeks. Back it up to when the previous admin was in the office. The admin boss would blatantly ignore her when she asked a question or just give a one word answer after a 30 second stand off of silence. It was scary to watch how much the boss LOATHED her existence. I thought well maybe the admin was bad at her job, but she will never do that to me. HA! After weeks of being overwhelmed I was starting to drop the ball on things, and my boss started to become micromanaging, belittling, and refusing to give me more than one word answers. She will be laughing and joking with others and I will think "she's in a good mood maybe I can get a response from her" so I will wait an appropriate amount of time after she is done laughing and ask a question and she will not look away from her computer and give me the 30 second stand off and give me a one word answer. The only real sentences she speaks to me are to ask me to clean something (the most recent was to scrub the walls). I'm at a breaking point and don't want to leave the company because they have great benefits and other departments are wonderful. There are draw backs to the company but if I could get away from my boss I feel like things could be better. Opportunities are very rare as most people (boss included) have been there 15 years plus. So I'm stuck for now. My question is how do I get my boss to not treat me like I just asked if I can eat her children? We have a weekly one on one and she treats me so horribly in them that my confidence to bring this up drops. I'm starting to imagine eating her children and fear this is unhealthy. Advice?