I've been at my company 18 months. I've had good/satisfactory performance reviews, but around Christmas had a bit of a mini-breakdown. This was because my father passed away recently and then my sister attempted suicide due to PTSD. She's recovering well, but I was basically acting as her carer for about a year. This led to me falling behind with my work, making mistakes etc. And then the climax was, I told my boss I was unable to do a planned presentation at a conference because I wasn't doing very good mentally. I asked for a bit of leeway, so I could go to doctors etc, but instead they put me on a PIP. The PIP itself is garbage - it's mostly stuff that everyone does. And I've been told by numerous people that they just use PIPs to keep people in line. 3 people have been forced out, recently by them and 1 guy survived. So I spoke to my HR guy last week and he told me he was planning to recommend that my manager give me a written warning, and he then offered me 2 months paid gardening leave, providing I resign this week (the deadline is because I have my PIP review meeting this week and it has to happen before then. Or I could risk going to the meeting and get a written warning - which would stay on my record for 6 months. I can't really fight the PIP because I haven't been at the company for 2 years, so really have no unfair dismissal rights. So it's a choice of taking the gardening leave, or go into the PIP and risk getting a written warning (and them likely forcing me out anyway).  I'm not sure what to do because I don't think the PIP will neccesarily go that badly. It's gone pretty well and my boss has been quite nice. But I have fallen for this trap before - I went to her with my problems and she responded with the PIP! Plus, leaving could be one final role of the dice/power play. They are horrendously busy, training for the role is unbelievably long (like, at least a year) so there is no quick fix even when they hire a replacement, so there is a small chance they might just drop the PIP altogethor. But on the flip side, even with the 2 months to find a new job, there is no guarantee I will get one in that time. What would you do?