I interviewed for an internship on campus at a large public company (F50). The recruiting process has been a headache to say the least. Basically after the interview, the recruiter told me to wait 4-6 weeks to be contacted. Week 5 I received a call but it was not an offer. She called me to “gauge my interest” , basically to see if I was still interested in the internship / to “keep me warm” probably in case her other candidates fell through. After that call she said that I would receive a call from her in a week. Two weeks passed by and I got no call. I decided to call her myself and leave a voicemail. That voicemail received no response, so I texted her (keep in mind she texted me first to set up the interview and told me that texting her was fine so I didn’t think this was unprofessional.). Anyways, I think the text and my persistence paid off because 8 weeks after my initial interview (last Thursday) I finally got a call from her and she said “congrats we are excited to offer you a summer 2020 internship!” And then proceeded to talk about background checks, start date, and pay. At the end of the verbal offer she said that I should expect a formal offer letter to my email that day (last Thursday) or the next day (last Friday). She also stated that I had until April 9 (this Thursday) to accept the offer. I never got an email. Near the end of the business day last Friday i called and left a voicemail telling her that I was thankful for the offer and ready to sign the letter, but that I still had not received it. Now it is Monday and I have not gotten a call back or an offer letter. This is urgent because 1.) I have other offers waiting to be either accepted or rejected and 2.) because the start dates for those offers are all early May and I need to gauge the proper two weeks notice at my current job. This has been incredibly frustrating, what should my next steps be? Do I call her again? Text? Email? Should I just contact the HR department myself and see the status of my offer? Any help appreciated.