My dad got me a job at a small restaurant back in August. I didn’t have to fill out an application and I started that weekend. It was my first job and NO ONE trained me how to do my job as a waitress (yes. That job is common sense but it was my first job ever and I didn’t know what to expect.) As the months went by I noticed a lot of wrong things going on in this job. I only worked the weekends because I was still going to school and I wanted to focus on that first. Now that I have graduated, I’ve worked week days too. But the longer I stayed at that job the more things I noticed was very wrong about it. My boss never made a schedule (I never had an issue with this like the other waitresses did because I only worked the same 2 days a week but now that I work more, it’s bothering me.) my boss texts me 2 HOURS before he wants me to come in or he texts me late at night to tell me to come in early in the morning. I cannot make plans because I am always worried he’ll tell me to come in later. We get super busy durning Sunday’s and it’s a whole cluster mess. Plates go missing, some food is right on the plate and the rest is not. I get yelled at by the customers but it’s not my fault. I write it down and my boss messes it up. Did I mention the owner of the place (my boss) COOKS THE FOOD. He’s always busy and gets mad at the waitresses when he messes up. He also expects us to read his mind and yells at us when we do something that he doesn’t want us to. (He changed prices of things and I was still charging the regular price and he literally yelled at me because I wasn’t doing it right in front of people.) He also pays all of us UNDER THE TABLE!! :) he can’t keep a waitress for more than a couple of months without them quitting. For the past 2 weeks, he’s waited 2 hours to tell me when to come in and he even got mad at me WHEN I TOLD HIM I NEEDED TO TAKE OFF FOR MY GRADUATION!!!!! (I have only called out of work 3 times since I started working..) When me and another waitress had to sanitize the restaurant, he never specified a time for me to come. All he said was to come in the morning. I wanted to get it done so I came at 8 am. I get there and he’s not even there. I call him and he tells me to come at 10. The other waitress was told to come at 9 and she waited AN HOUR for him to show up. He also wasn’t going to pay us for the time we spent sanitizing the restaurant.. I really want to quit the job. Since I’m getting my money paid under the table, I don’t have to pay taxes for it. So I technically don’t have a job per the government. I have filled out 6 applications and working on more for ACTUAL JOBS. should I quit now? It’s not like I’m making any money because of the corona... my dad wants me to wait until I find another job but I cannot take my boss anymore. He’s horrible. Not to mention, I think there’s some illegal business going on at the place because my boss is friends with a lot of crack heads that come in and he does some sketchy stuff. Would it be okay to quit?? And does someone have any tips to report the place for paying us under the table?? Lmao