So, my country has mandatory military service laws in place and my time to serve has finally come. I'm looking at 6 months of service at least, maximum 9. Needless to say, i asked literally everybody i came across that finished serving and it appears this whole experience is going to suck . Theres gonna be a lot of useless time wasting, chores, staying up late and waking up early for guard duties etc. and absolutely minimal, borderline non existent physical training/conditioning. I understand that most people just want to get done with their service and continue their daily lives so there is no point in honing a soldiers physical fitness if he is just gonna turn into a slob again after 9 months. But i worked hard to achieve my physique and my overall fitness, i'm involved in combat sports for almost 12 years now. My skills are gonna decline unfortunately, there is no way around it. So how do i minimize my fitness losses? From what i've heard, there is a lot of lying around doing nothing, especially after you finish the basic and specialist training. I feel i might be able to squeeze a few sets of push ups and bodyweight squats during down time. Also, we are allowed to go out of the camp twice during the week, so i plan to workout a lot during those days. I feel that a workout or two a week arent gonna cut it though. So how would you approach a 6-9 month period of not working out properly or at all? Is just working out whenever i can gonna do any good? I'm limited to bodyweight exercises since there will be no weights lying around, so muscle size is gonna go down a lot i'm afraid. Proper nutrition is also out of the question since the food is absolutely atrocious in the military and hitting the daily protein intake must be impossible. Any advice is appreciated, this is a matter that bugs me a whole fucking lot. Honestly, i always thought the military service should be voluntary and not forced upon us. People absolutely hate it here, there is a lot of favoritism going on regarding the service camps, the officers are basically venting their frustrations upon people that are forced to serve or face legal issues and top of all that, people are known to decline physically during their service instead of actually becoming anything resembling a soldier. Thanks in advance.