Greetings Dr. Peterson and to the people reading this letter. My name is Ash. I just got out of high school and moved on to post-secondary education. I have already dropped my program at my first institution and am currently doing another program completely unrelated to my what I used to study. But before I tell you what happens next you must know some background information. I am sorry in advance if my letter is choppy and erratic. I'm 18 and have been struggling with IOCD since I was a little boy. My parents are uneducated about mental illness and assumed that my relapses were just part of a phase of childhood. For instance, one phase I had was when I was little I would always convince myself not to step on irregular pieces of wood flooring or else my mother would be "gone" the next day. Not until I was 16 I went to a Hospital in Toronto to find out it was OCD causing my life havoc. I don't blame my parents for this happening to me as they seemed worried walking out the doctor's office. Due to financial and other related reasons I did not see a psychologist as the doctor at the hospital recommended Cognitive Behavioural Therapy. CBT was given to me I began doing my homework until I was 17. I still suffer from OCD (not as much as I did before) and I do not want to be put on medication unless my OCD turns into the extreme state. Furthermore, I started to suffer from depression when it was time to choose what post-secondary program I was going to do. Now, looking back I don't dwell much on this in the past but now I have no clue what I want to do in my life since now I am a young man. I went to post-sec after high school and dropped it thinking that I was never going to accomplish that program as the occupation was not a reliable one. So my parents decided to choose for me and recommended to go to another program (Criminology) which seemed to be more reliable. Now I am facing the consequences of doing what I do not want to something my parents chose for me and I don't know what I want to do. I have fallen really deep into depression again as I see that people in my highschool are doing much more prospective things. I have since became suicidal. I dont know why this is happening to me. Even the people who did bad things are now doing better than me in my state. I don't smoke, drink, and I hurt anyone. I live in a fairly tough neighbourhood gun pointed to me, drugs, alcoholics, etc. I keep myself away from the streets and do things that I like such as cars. Its hard to follow something that I'm passionate about (cars) since my father and family do not want me going into it. Its hard living a tyrannical father who does not want me to go into the auto industry since hes in it and doesnt want a "honour role student" to get into it. I have dreams of driving in Japan and creating body kits and tuning. I can create a seperate post just on my affection for automobiles. I have no clue what to do now. Im turning to the internet and Dr. Peterson as my last hope and resort. I dont want to end myself knowing im leaving good friends and a few family members behind. God help me I am suffering.