This is a follow up to my previous post, like I said I'm going to try and make this an ongoing series. He is now aware of my reddit posts and he was honestly completely fine with it. So to begin, this was something that actually happened a few days ago. Our school is required to have all students take a social justice class, so naturally I had to attend. And much to my pleasure, my neckbeard friend who we wall call "one" was in my same class. Unfortunately he has not been taking up his fedora look as much as I thought he would, and has been once again wearing his captain crunch t-shirts and the same stale smelling sweatshirt (yes still sporting his neckbeard). We had been taking the class for a few months before this incident occurred. This issue made my guts nearly implode from how much I was cringing. We had to do an open discussion that our teacher calls "harkness" which we all circle up without the teacher and discuss various issues. during this specific discussion, we were talking about climate change and pollution. And one of my fellow peers made the FATAL mistake of suggesting that governments put policies on plastic production, and how plastic toys make up a lot of waste. "One" was fuming after this. He quickly cut in, with a strange dramatic stomp on the ground, after which he began to scream about "WHY WOULD THAT MATTER???" followed by "BUT WHAT ABOUT ALL THE TRANSFORMERS AND LEGO TOYS????" This quickly silenced the conversation, drawing the attention of the entire class to "One". He didn't seem to notice, or care about the attention, continuing about how "How could anyone throw legos away, who could ever do that? Throwing away plastic is stupid since no one throws away legos! And if anyone does, then they are BASTARDS!" The discussion had basically ended at this point, no one really knew what to say to this. He seemed to take this as a victory and did some sort of strange pose as he crossed his arms over his chest and tilted his head up with a strange smile. Everyone began to expect this behavior since last week, and people have began to purposely provoke him to see his strange views. This is one of many stories concerning the insanity of "one". If anyone is interested I will continue to update his chronicles and continue, next time possibly concerning either his other "climate change views" as well as his "ourburst at comic con"