I see Posters constantly claim that Petain, or other figures from OTL were not Fascists. Or that Nat Pop France doesn't make sense. Petain, was 100% a fascist. He reoriented Vichy France OTL into a totalitarian state. Things like the Hitler Youth, where Young People get together, do athletics, celebrate the glory of France etc. Fancy Hugo Boss style uniforms, revanchism, changing the French motto from liberty,equality, and solidarity. To some shit about hard work, loyalty to the state, and french nationhood or maybe it was Catholicism?(sorry doing this off the top of my head no research involved). Okay I wouldn't go so far as National Socialism or even Italian fascism, but definitely similarities to falangism, perhaps closer to Polish Falangism then Spanish under Franco. Next, the roots of modern Fascism OTL, occur before the timelines diverge. What some might call early Integralism. Count Arthur de Gobineu, French aristocrat, one of the forefathers of fascism as well as scientific racism, believed that the French aristocracy was derived from Germanic,Nordic bloodlines like the Frank's and Norman's, while the lower classes were inferior Gallic/Latin stock (a sentiment throughout the ancien regime, where even amongst Nobility there was a distinction between Nobility of the letters, when a person has nobility based on formal education and distinguished service to the monarchy, and Nobility of the Sword, when a person is Noble because his ancestors won title in medieval warfare). This idea spread throughout Europe and the early Americas. The idea that nobility rightly rules over the peasants based on superior bloodlines, is the foundation for modern racism, modern Fascism and all its divergent branches. In a world where there was never a psychological scarring of Europe and it's descended people's based on belief in the Holocaust and other forms of psychological reprogramming/de-nazification that the allies spread, there would be no qualms against scientifically stratified racial hierarchies, or returns to feudalism like Integralism(which is a fascist belief system even if it's monarchial because it attempts to upend society in a totalitarian recreation of the past and feudalism, and in OTL you can see echoes of this idea in systems that seem to the naked eye different like Nazism, for example "blood and soil", or the inner workings of the SS and idealisation of the Germanic past and mystic ideals of knighthood. I could see KH Germany as well easily going Natpop, some of its partners like UBD, already have ethnic caste systems in place and I doubt this sentiment would not be held throughout Germany. The reality is, any nation or people, with historical memory of a glorious past could go Nat Pop. And one final situation to address, it's correct in game but I've seen alot of posters hold erroneous opinions about Pelly, calling him a "Christian Mystic" instead of a racial nationalist. Let me be clear, and this will be axiomatic to anyone who has familiarity with Christian Identity. It is a religious movement, that places Race, as the most sacred creation of the Christian God. Cooperation with a fellow Aryan non-believer, would come first before cooperation with a non-white fellow Christian. Instead of Christian I would consider it one of the sects of Messianic Judaism. White Europeans particularly Anglo-Saxons are literally the people of Israel, the Jews are imposters who have interbred with Satan, the old testament Jewish laws are to be followed by whites, Non-whites are preadam descended early experiments of God, most likely without souls. Racial Loyalty should come before everything else. This idea entered the playground through North America, where different white Europeans mixed together, lacking a ethnic heritage, they looked past this and saw a greater racial identity, which then combined with scientific racism, came back to Europe and after many years found ultimate expression in Nazi Germany, which went far enough in this thought vein to say that white racial idealisation, is truest in German ethnicity. So anyone with non-slavic European blood, or sufficiently Aryan slavs who could be germanized (lebensraum and the taking of young poles with good genes to be raised in German families lacking children) should have ethnic loyalty to the German State. If you read Mein Kampf, Hitler had the seemingly genius idea, that a nation need not be a portion of physical territory, but an ideal in the minds of a people, justified by bonds of blood. For example no one would say Croatian people don't exist, even when Croatia didn't exist on a map. So these ideologies, were the natural evolution of Feudalism and later Integralism. Ended