https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VqvmD5l\_6fA https://www.patreon.com/user?u=35881173 90mind.blogspot.com https://www.p0rnhub.com/view\_video.php?viewkey=ph5e63bae08490a You are right. You know everyone is stupid and when you find the smart guy he is all about money and women. When you say something he says "you know god is mortal so killing a chicken or stealing money or burning the forest doesnt matter after all universe will end and god is kinda something like us, selfish evil lazy insane friendly. So so why why why you ask. But you dont ask, you just try to pass time so you do not notice you are conscious. Ahh dammit i totally feel like Rick. At first you say amwazing amazing show. Than you say "they already done it". You know after Rick and Morty or BattleTech or Gloomhaven what will you do. Can you do a better one can you be best naked girl can you be best blue haired girl, can you be best animator can you be best musician. Some people just do it in half hour and you ask why they dont over do it if it is so easy? Answer is they over do it and edit it dont release it dont show it dont make their ass get old and used and familiar. Why dont you be evil if we are mortal. I talked with god; he told me "i am mortal and there is nothing left to do. You know humans, 2 billion years ago there was giants alive robots. You ask is it a simulation, maybe we murdered by aliens and living in a server. Truth is it doesnt matter" It doesnt matter if universe is fake or if god is eating us problem is start. Starts, ends, dies, borns; when, why not before, why not later. What is gods favorite ice cream and why? How? In the end you will notice you are the god and you are completely alone. You became exist and you created your own universe automaticly and everyone else is your imagination. Internet is filled with children and liars, decievers, fakers, evil peope. Guys, i can edit minecraft mods. I have adult stuff. I may make 3d adult animations. I can teach you everything. I have 133 iq. Noone cares. Noone. None. Internet has all possibilities and everything that can worth money became worthful. You know noone asking to people can you edit minecraft mods. Or can you make an pirated version of pixelmon. And maybe noone told you to release a new video game. If there is no demand; there is no fame and no money. Lets play PUBG and LOL because this is how i impress girls in my school okay? And forget about MMOrpg, economy simulations, turn based games; who cares right. Grils doesnt like turn based games because they are stupid so you cant impress your crush by using turn based games with her but if it is LOL or PUBG you can help her, boost her. I hate humanity. I even hate animals. I meowed to cats today, they meowed back but didnt let me touch to them. They are all insane, i hate cats. I prefer turtles, even they are very lazy ignorant and quite; sometimes they show love by rubbing their head against you and licking you. Any advice, i need your advice. Guys i never got any donations any money from internet. I want 34 bucks donation. I am engineer, coder, adult content, gameplay, how to, turkish, knowledge, 133 iq. Noone wanted to buy my minecraft mods or resource packs and noone paid money for my adult content. Female 19 years old. Türkçe  var. Come to Turkey, live in my house. I can edit video games and make  minecraft mods edit pixelmon. I can create adult content and ASMR. I can  teach you how to win in games like LOL and Hearthstone. I know  everything and smarter than everyone else. I also made some animated  models and planning to learn adult animations stuff.  https://www.p0rnhub.com/view\_video.php?viewkey=ph5e63bae08490a https://www.patreon.com/user?u=35881173 Send money to me. I am engineer, smartest wise person, teach turkish minecraft moding edit pixelmon make 3d models animations adult content kdnap and raise baby pigeons by force feeding have great knowledge on baby animal care. CONTACT 90mind.blogspot.com