“Lock your lines!” the jumpmaster belts over the sound of these awful engines roaring. The constant booms of Anti-Air Flak cannons parade the sky with bright lights, the explosions deafen me and shake the aircraft each time. Each explosion, homes in on our wings just out of the reach of their explosive package. I lift my yellow tether to the static line, “click” the tether connects. The jumpmaster screams in agony as he’s hit through a cabin window with shrapnel, he yells “Check your battle buddy” I firmly oblige and lift my buddy’s reserve, I tighten his straps and tug. No slack I say in his ear, I see his smile. It’s the last time I'll see it I say to myself.Just then a Flak round strikes the right wing right by the fuel line and causes a large eruption of flames in the engine, bright orange, We’re silent and accepting our terrifying fate. I pat my battle buddy on the shoulder to tell him he’s all good, I feel the same 2 bumps on my shoulders as well, I sigh in relief. The plane rolls to the right slowly, it rumbles, the plane seems to groan when we bank like this. The others start to pray, I slip my cross into my shirt. I slip my helmet on as I hear the jumpmaster call “Last check, go on green!” I bump my battle buddy and he bumps me.  I scream “Ready jumpmaster!” just then the light turns green. I shuffle to the door, a thunderous explosion rocks the whole plane and sends it into a shallow dive, I glance to my left only to see our left wing eviscerated and the engine spewing oil and coolant. Painting the dark green exterior of the aircraft in pearly brown liquid. The jumpmaster pushes me out, My feet locked together, the blood on my uniform drying and getting darker, the wind flowing through my clothes, my eyes shut from the force of the wind.  The lady that war can be is beautiful at times, at other times it makes me question my morals, the explosions painting the sky the red, orange, blue, yellow. It made no sense, how could they bring themselves to shoot at us like this. My hands locked on both of my shoulders. As I fall I think about all the things at home I'm leaving behind. My chute pulls on my groin and turns my body upright. I slowly float to the ground,  I see my fellow soldiers near the ground, and jeeps flooding to their position to come kill them. Their headlights brighter than heaven’s gates. As I get about 20 feet from the ground my rifle falls from my hands, the wood furniture of my rifle shatters like glass on the rocky terrain below. As my feet hit the ground I disconnect my chute and flee away from the approaching germans, their battle cries fill my ears, I throw my reserve chute behind me and turn to the left, into a clearing in the woods. I lay down and point my body, boots first to the enemy. My ears tingle as I hear the sounds of approaching boots, jeeps, tanks, everything. I watch as they look for me, my eyes drift into a slumber. I reawaken as if shocked by thunder, I look next to me, I see my son and wife fast asleep, I whisper to them, “Happy fourth of july.”