I posted in keto progress but got literally no response, I really want to share what I’m experiencing and it sounds like I’m late to the party, I decided to do keto coming off another whole30 with IF, so it was like well let’s try it, I’m in a slump of getting off diets than back on. So day 1 fasted all day, day 2 at one fatty meal and drank some mct, day 3 IF 16/8 and 2 meals. Under 30 total carbs all 3 day. Brain fog was unreal, but day 4 the fog turned to slight euphoria, and ab-sole-luteeeeee peace. A peace in my soul I have never felt, I was like umm I hope this is real, day 5 same feeing with less brain fog, I used strips the first few days but quickly did away with them reading this group. I’ve been working out when I find time as a I’m a single full time dad of a beautiful little girl. Anyways I was diagnosed maniac depressant growing up and was a emotional train wreck with all that goes with it, married twice in toxic relationships, ruled I mean ruled by anxiety and fear. 8 years ago I was saved and my faith has been helping me become a stronger more whole man but I’ve still had this huge thorn of my emotions and anxiety, for the last 9 days I have had such clarity and peace, I can feel my emotions but they have no power over me! I can breathe for the first time in 32 years! I’m a male 32 6’2 if anyone was wondering lol! Anyways thank you guys for this community! This is absolutely life changing, at first my workouts were really week, today I felt really strong in the gym I started taking isopure at night to get more protein as my fat grams were like 170 and protein was 100, I’m not counting macros to much as of now lol, I’m 217 looking to get to 200, but honestly I’m not even looking at food like food now, it has shifted which is unreal, I see it as medicine, I’m eating when my body tells me to, and I don’t want to feed my brain anything it doesn’t want anymore! This is a long read but I truly hope it helps someone else start this life changing journey! Utterly amazing! Look forward to interacting with you guys! Peace!