Everything about Yozora to me, from his attacks to design, to mysterious dialogue lead me to believe he’s being presented as a character hailing from either the future or a futuristic world. I don’t believe Nomura introducing time traveling into the series is a one off that was reserved solely for Xehanort’s usage (as seen by Sora himself using it to go save the hearts of his friends and later kairi during the final battle). Yozora saying that he’s heard of sora, and expressing disbelief when sora said who he was, leads me to believe that the sora of the future is unrecognizable from the one we see today. It would be another parallel to Yozora being that he also appears different currently than that of his true form. I believe Yozora was tasked to save sora by Luxord, who was hinted throughout KH3 to be not only aware of xigbars true nature as Luxu, but also to be at odds with him. Luxord due to his unknown past is aware of Luxu’s loyalty towards carrying out the Master of Master’s plans, that we can infer are more nefarious than good(or at the very least indifferent to evil). Now this is where the theory starts going hand in hand with another one that’s been going around, and that is that, I don’t believe Yozora meant that he was saving Sora from any particular outside threat, but rather saving Sora from himself. And that is because Sora, after spending enough time in the final world, starts to lose strength, then starts to lose hope, and eventually after years have passed, he goes on to become who we later know as the master of masters, who goes back in time to set in motion his own idealistic future. Luxord, aware of this fate, tasks Yozora to be the one to intervene in this process, with Yozora crystallizing Sora to prevent him from eventually growing into the greatest enemy, vowing to save him as the person he is now. That is why, in the good ending when sora defeats him, Yozora states that his strength is not needed **yet** , as sora at this point in time has not started his downward spiral, and has maintained his sense of self and strength. When sora asks what he means, Yozora says “never mind” , showing standard following of not breaking time traveling taboo of speaking directly about a future event, as he knows doing so could jeopardize the timeline, and sora wouldn’t understand or believe him regardless. We even see Yozora smile at sora, finally getting to see him for how he truly is as a kind hearted, innocent, and powerful person, which further validates his missions importance.