 Hello all, So I've been dealing with this particular issue for a while now and I can't find the issue. A couple months back I was riding home from work one night when I turned on the high beams and pop goes the headlight. Blinkers still working and brake lights still working when I pull the front brake lever and rear brake pedal but the headlight and running brake light not so much. I made it home safely and just figured I would look at things in the morning. After a little research I found that the 10a fuses like to pop and that most people switch to a 15a. the next day I start taking a look. Headlight bulb and brake bulb are fine and fuse was not blown. I still upgraded the fuse to a 20a just to be on the safe side. Still nothing. I noticed the left rear blinker with some rust on the outside and opened it up to see a completely ruined blinker so i thought maybe that would be the case but I think that was me just being irrational. No way a rusty blinker could blow just the headlight. So after a few weeks of more research and asking questions, my best bet was to get a volt meter and test wires to see if there is a short somewhere. I hadn't had time to take a whole day and start testing it until recently since I am a bartender and have been out of work amid this Covid-19 situation. So today I cleaned and tested all electrical contacts and connectors that would link directly to the headlight. They all tested fine and weren't shorted with another wire. I'm also not extremely comfortable using a volt meter and can't say for sure I used it correctly. I cleaned the headlight switch and all contacts in that housing. Tested each connector under the tach and speedometer.All tested fine to my knowledge. I'm at a loss. I don't know what else it could be. All relays are working and all fuses are fine. At this point I just want to say screw it and get an entirely new harness but as we all know we like to do it ourselves and for the cheapest price here in KLR world. Any suggestions as to what is going on here that I'm missing? Also i cant find any pinched or rubbed thin wires that may cause a short. Thanks for reading guys and I hope to hear from you soon.