I've seen people body shaming KPOP idols for being "too fat" or "too skinny". Recently, a lot of people are talking about Blackpink's Lisa and Rosie's body. People act like those two are dying of starvation. A lot of people have been commenting on how skinny they are, and don't get me wrong, they ARE skinny. They're just not as skinny as people exaggerate about. If you pay attention to other idols, you're going to freak out because of how skinny they are. Some idols literally look sick on stage and when they dance, you can see their bones popping out of their sockets. People are just paying too much attention  to Blackpink because they're super famous, but in reality, the popular idols are usually pretty healthy. There are some underrated groups that look pale and gray on stage. Take Lovelyz Kei, Mamamoo's Moonbyul, GFriend's Sowon, and BVNDIT's Seungeun. There are way more idols who are skinnier than Lisa and Rosie as scary as it may sound. If you watch their fancams and pay attention to their legs, you'll get scared. Those poor girls look like they've starved themselves for weeks just to get a body that would be "ideal" for people, but they don't understand that they're damaging their bodies. Stop acting like Lisa and Rosie are walking skeletons. After all,  they have such busy schedules and are moving all the time, of course they would lose weight. Also, they don't look sick or pale or have never collapsed or anything on stage. They are energetic and glowing brighter than the sun. Stop hating on them for their bodies. Imagine yourself calling someone fat, would you be able to do that? If the answer if no, then you should know that telling someone that they're too skinny feels the same way. Those who complain and body shame idols all the time, I really wanna see what their body looks like. People really need to watch what they're saying. Lisa and Rosie have worked on their bodies very hard, so appreciate their effort, and don't act like they're dying or something, cuz they're perfectly healthy. Think of what you say before you say or post something, if it's not nice, then keep it in your damn mouth.