I’ve been exposed to bts prob since their debut came out and it was by complete accident. My friend would always show me their mvs (I specifically remember the boy in luv mv but it was the bad lip reading version, which is taken down now) and I thought they were cool (esp the choreo) but i never went to listen to it on my own bc of the language barrier. I’ve always known that my cousin and her family loved kpop and when they moved near me I was reintroduced, but still not into it. The language barrier still bothered me. Whenever I’d get car rides from her mom she’d always play kpop on the aux and they were really fun to listen to it just sucked for me cuz I couldn’t understand. I started listening to some on my own (I accidentally started listening to chewing gum by nctdream when it first came out and I didn’t even know that that was their first song). That was my freshman year. I slowly stopped listening to kpop all together unless my cousin was around when she’d play it. A few months ago, I randomly stumbled upon the carpool karaoke w bts and I immediately fell in love w J-Hope. OR HOBI IDK IM STILL NEW LOL. I just recently came back from a sleepover w my cousins and they began to educate me on bts and nct and some other groups like twice and stray kids. I started to really like the music despite the language barrier and this time I really focused on their personalities and took the time to really know and understand the meaning of their music. I never knew it was about self love (even tho it’s literally called love yourself bruh bruh) and covered issues on mental health. I always had the intention that it was about girls and shizzzz (IM GLAD ITS NOT CUZ THATS A LIL OVERRATED) I’ve binge watched so many videos just now and I feel so weird ab it because I always told myself not to get into the mainstream hole but idc anymore it’s good they’re great human beings and they’re so talented. Near the end of the sleepover my cousin gave me *fake* merch HAHAHAH (its okii) o and in case anyone wanted to know ...my bias is hobi hehehe