It’s been 7 days since my daughter called me Sunday Am. She wanted to be the one to tell me. I felt like the room around me paused and my heart jumped out of my chest. 
I thought it was a mistake, a lie, a dream but soon found out it was a nightmare. I immediately started to Mourn a perfect stranger and his beautiful daughter and what we would later find out 7 other loving souls. My mind raced on how his family was hurting his loving Wife who helped mold him into the man he is today. She supported our Mamba through thick and thin and you could tell their love was blossoming in front of our eyes. 
Then the story’s flooded the internet.
We watch fellow players, friends, interviewers and  athletes from around the world in pain & disarray. 
I felt alone. I was in shock and useless at work on Monday. I cried all day and night and have had one person after another challenge me and my feelings about the situation. As a woman I’m told that I should be ashamed to support a man like him vs. the pain I was feeling. As a woman I’m told he was a bad man. Why discount a lifetime of achievements for one mistake.
I just wish we would all stop judging one another.
I don’t want to justify how incredible he was to me. He just was.
In 96 when he became a Laker I was 15 and had just given birth to my daughter 2 months prior. He was 17 and so Confident. 
He was an inspiration to me. I was scared that I wasn’t going to make it as a single teen mom and watching his success year after year blew me away. He inspired me in so many ways. Interview after interview he always talked about achievements come through great determination and I’m glad he was a role model to me. He’s been apart of my home now for 20 plus years.
I think the grief I feel now is maybe, I myself haven’t measured up to my actual abilities. 
Maybe this loss is making me realize time doesn’t exist. Maybe it’s time to step it up a notch.
To the Men (&Women) grieving openly and in private I’m in awe of all of you. Your strength and willingness to profess your love of Kobe makes me proud to be A Laker Fan and I hope you all know this is not a sign of weakness but a sign of Humility in my opinion. Hearing your stories of fatherhood warm My heart. 
I’m just writing this to say. My heart is broken Too and I’ve cried everyday and I’m okay with that. I’m sad and I will heal as we all will.
My last thing is this. Loosing Gigi in all of this as well has made this so much more devastating because of the tenacity you could see in her eyes from the time she was a baby.
Kobe and Gigi in my opinion were Kindred. You could tell he was her whole world. I don’t know that either could’ve lived this lifetime On earth with out the other. This gives me some solace to know that they can still continue on together as much as I’d rather have them here.
I’m sorry this is so long. But I just wanted to tell my fellow brothers and sisters out there. That you are loved. I’m proud to be A Life long Laker fan. Kobe will always be here in Spirit.
I’m here for any and all of you.
I wish us all Peace.