If you think about our world, its a complex intertwining system of live and intimate material. Everything is here to serve one purpose or another, like clockwork. A massive chain reaction, like a flow of energy constantly coexisting with each part. If you think about ants, for example they work in a system. They each have their own role/goal to fulfil their own part they play in their own little bug society. Working for what they know till they die. Or like trees which grow and shape our surface of the planet. They provide oxygen and food, supplies and shelter. Each living or non living thing on this planet is doing one thing or another to coexist with something else. Ha some may just call this an ecosystem. Everything must die, but with that death there is a new beginning or life.. or just call this the stupid circle of life. As humans we also play a role, to serve a part in our society allowing for everything else so exist among us. The only difference between us and all those little ants, put to work is their sweet blissful ignorance of those  roles, and that is their purpose. Humans are gifted with thought and knowledge...gifted? Burdened, bearing the knowledge that we will die, just like everything else. We just have to move through our time, destined to death, consumed by the little significance we share among every other life or existence. But then you think about evolution, and how our brain... More powerful and extensive than any other on this planet. What was the thing we are supposed to achieve with this power of thought. We can overcome challenges and obstacles, live differently and define the living laws which were once put to each existence. I don't believe we were supposed to build industries and economies, to extensively interrupt this interwoven peaceful way of life. Reproduction is a natural way of life, but did we abuse this cycle out of pleasure and greed. Is this just me saying we're just the more complex depressed representation of ants, or that there should be more to our way or life than existing and contributing in our economy. I guess I'm trying to get too is what is the biological significance of the human race.