Okay I have a dilemma. So I am twenty years old and I have a brother who is 19. In April 2016, he and I got into a really bad big physical fight where I was 16 and he was 15 and it caused us to be estranged from each other ever since then. I got tired of everything that irritated me about him and I decided in the heat of the moment where I didn’t want anything to do with him. Our bedrooms are right across from each other and since our big fight, we have stopped speaking. Even if we do talk now or have talked since then, the distance is still inevitably there. It’s just small talk. We weren’t even extremely close before, but we could always talk normally, but I would get really annoyed with him because he was the typical annoying little brother. We had a normal sibling relationship. I don’t like being estranged from him because he is my brother, but it’s not so easy. Right now he is a freshman at college, so he is living out of the house, but I have moved back in for when I have also moved out for a year as a freshman. On most days I don’t have to deal with him anymore, but he is now home again for spring break. A little backstory of my brother is that he was always the black sheep of our family. My dad has always been pretty rude to both of us along with our older sister who is five years older me, but my dad is the least nicest to my brother. My dad has made it pretty clear to the entire family that my brother was always his least favorite child and that must’ve really affected him. When my brother and I got into our big fight, he was a freshman in high school. Over the last four years, the high school effects really got to him for a turn for worse. Every since he was really little, my brother always tried to do what made him “cool”. It’s always been the joke in the family over how he tries to be so cool. So whatever he could do to try to impress his friends with his coolness, he would do. It obviously got worse in high school where the peer pressure kicked in. He was never a completely good kid, but he started really doing bad things in high school. He started really rebelling like doing drugs, sneaking out, drinking, etc. I get that all of those are common for high school kids to do, so it’s not like I never did any of that myself. He’s always trying to impress his friends and he has a hard time saying no to them. Not only does he put his own morals and values aside to impress his friends, he also causes problems for our family members for his own personal gain. Like last year, my parents went out of town and my sister and I weren’t home for the weekend, my brother threw a huge party at our house that caused 250+ people to show up at our house. It got busted. My brother was not even popular in high school. He obviously threw the party for clout gain because he tends to do outrageous things for attention. Our house was trashed and he didn’t even think about the aftermath and the effect it would have on the rest of us. He may have always been a people pleaser, but he was never this selfish. Over the last four years, he has become extremely selfish. He’s the bad kind of selfish where he does things for personal gain that conflicts with others’ lives. He is really big into talking in slang and often cussed at my sister and calls her a bitch. He uses the N word with hard R because he thinks it makes him a savage. He uses homophobic derogatory words as well and tosses them around carelessly. He joined a frat and is really big into the party life. Nowadays my family is very cold around the family and mostly mellow as he was always dandy before and this happened right after our falling out. His first semester roommates got mad at him for bringing girls into the dorm where they were really loud and he didn’t even care. My parents let him drive my car and he wrecked it by hitting into a mailbox (which he may have done when he was drunk) and he didn’t even apologize to me. These are just some of the things he’s done. My family is always complaining about how selfish he is and this wasn’t a complaint until these last two-three years. He just expects the whole family to fulfill all of his wishes and then gets mad if we don’t. Because he’s the only boy, my parents would tend to let him off the hook whenever he would do something bad. However, when he would get in trouble, my dad was extra harsh on him. My parents were never really fair parents to us three kids. When he’s home, he’s usually in his bedroom playing video games and it’s frustrating for me because I am across his room and I’ll be trying to sleep late at night while he’s playing video games, cussing and singing obnoxiously loud  to where I can’t sleep. I have even slept in another room for months because of this. I’ve asked him to stop but he’s so selfish he doesn’t listen at all. My parents aren’t helpful at all because my mom is not scary to us kids so he doesn’t even listen to her. Like he’ll be so disrespectful to her where he will just demand food from her which I blame my dad for because my dad does the same thing. My dad is very negligent towards my brother, he’s not very nice to him and he usually spends most of his time watching TV. My dad was really rude to me and my sisters that he didn’t really leave a good example for my brother on how to treat women. If my brother isn’t doing something that affects my dad directly, then my dad won’t really do much about it even if my sister and I complain about my brother. I don’t even tell on my brother or snitch him out to my parents for all the bad things he does, I just want to be able to sleep in my own room and my brother makes it difficult while my parents do nothing. I do love my brother, but I feel so much anger towards him for how selfish, annoying, and gross he is. Every complaint I have about him, the whole family complains about aside from the fact he won’t let me sleep. I don’t want to be estranged from him anymore, but right now he is the worst person he has ever been. Like my whole family is really worried that one day when he is out with his friends, he will get seriously hurt or in big trouble because he has problems saying no to people. He does things to make me not anything to do with him or want to strangle him, but at the same time, I don’t want to be estranged from him anymore because he’s still my brother. He stingy and he doesn’t do anything nice for others. How do I manifest a normal relationship with him again despite him currently being a piece of trash? Is there anyway I could a see a change in him where he’s no longer a selfish pig?