So i’ve been manifesting my ex to get back together with me. Daily affirmations written down in a journal along with gratitudes. He is working on himself as a person and is trying to learn who he truly is. He wanted to do it on his own so i let him go, but hoped for him to come back when he’s ready. Anyways, fast forward to a a few weeks ago. I got a very weird anon message on a curious cat (it’s a anonymous message website that links to your twitter) and it said (his name) says hi. i was freaked out so i asked his sister and she said she didn’t send it. i confronted him a week later and he claims to not have send it and doesn’t even know my twitter. I didn’t believe him. Around two weeks ago, i started noticing my tweet impressions were going up by 20+ every day. i logged into twitter analytics to check my impressions without adding to the counter. after heavy searching and so on, i found out he’s stalking my twitter 20+ times a day. yesterday i confronted him. he admitted and was apologizing so hard. he said he doesn’t know why he’s stalking me but it has to do with how he wanted to check up on me and how he felt so guilty for hurting me. he could’ve texted me but he said he didn’t want to give me false hope of him coming back. yet! he said (twice) that he will tell me right away if he changes his mind and wants to get back together. he promised he would tell me. so i can clearly see there is a chance, but he’s playing it off. he told me to let him go and if he comes back at the right time for me and for him, it was meant to be. i feel like the universe was telling me to let go because they have everything under control. he told me he would stop stalking my twitter. but guess what? he’s still constantly checking it. so did i somehow manifest him to stalk my social media? i feel like this is big progress towards my manifestation. however there is something i need to do to see the end result and that’s letting him go completely. I’m working on that. I’ve been talking to friends and hanging out with family, maybe even flirting with a new person but nothing serious. Please let me know your thoughts in the comments. Thank you.