Holy shit I’m shaking with excitement just typing this. My boyfriend and I were talking about things going on for us within the next few days, I brought up my mom wanting to get my ring size measured for my graduation ring since she has the tradition of gifting them to my siblings and when we graduate. And he just asked for me to let him know my ring size once it’s done and I got curious and asked why he was interested in knowing it. He thought I was a different ring size and wanted to make sure since he began looking in to promise rings since he wanted to gift one to me sometime in the future and wanted to start saving up for it. I was floored I did not expect to actually have someone want to go this far in to a relationship. Yes, we have spoken about a future together with possible marriage and family together to be sure we were on the same page, if not talk it out to agree on things to make sure it doesn’t go south suddenly because we disagreed on a major life choice. So it wasn’t like I do not want it to happen but oh my god I did not expect to to actually happen. He even asked questions verifying what type of ring style I like, making sure he remembered what I said was correct ( I told him I would accept any ring he wanted  to give to me  as long as it doesn’t make me itch or turn my finger green but especially because he knows what  style I like and I feel like it’s more genuine and has more meaning if they choose something they believe you will like), and even talked about if I would want it to be something between us or if I would want to include friends and family in to it. I almost started crying because I felt so guilty about the cost of the ring. And he hit me with the corny “ I won’t care about the cost of the ring if it’ll make you happy”. I can not contain my excitement for the day he decides to give it to me. He only told me I would get a promise ring soon and he would include something to do with nerd ropes (my favorite candy) so the day and actual ring will be a surprise but I already feel like I’m gonna melt just knowing that he truly wants to move forward with me and create a future.