My boyfriend and I have been dating for 4 years now and he got into med school finally 2 years ago after trying really hard for years. I of course am so happy and proud and excited because he’s my best friend and he is achieving his dreams. It’s been a real strain on the relationship honestly since I’m in Texas and he’s in Missouri for med school. Communication is daily but it feels like the quality of communication is declining. We’ll bicker or have a misunderstanding and I’ll try and explain my side but he’ll say he doesn’t want to argue. Plus he works really hard to study during med school and i honestly feel really guilty asking for time or attention because of this. This especially makes me feel bad when I don’t feel satisfied with the conversations we do have. They’ve gotten routine, repetitive, and I feel like sometimes I’m just not wanted as much since he has a harder time expressing his feelings. I feel like I’m always initiating intimacy and romance and it’s honestly exhausting. I’m just afraid to really bring it up because we had a lot of arguments a few months ago about the state of the relationship and he said he considered leaving because this is the best he can do. And I feel bad for wanting change and more attention because he said he already gives all he can. I kept offering to come and see him so he wouldn’t have to take unnecessary time away from studying and so I could stay and just be around him and honestly not be so lonely here (I live by myself). After we talked about how great that would be and how nice it would be to see each other and what not hypothetically as soon as I brought it up as a possibility he immediately shot it down which was honestly hurtful. He drove two hours to party with his friends a few weeks ago he went out to the bar to hang out with his friends and flew to Miami for a wedding and bachelor party a few weeks ago. I just feel jealous and shitty because he says he doesn’t have time to visit and that I’d be a distraction but he does those things which I understand he is allowed to have fun it just makes me feel like less of a priority. He’s in med school preparing for his boards and I don’t want to distract him but especially now I feel more distance than just miles. I don’t really know what to do or say or how to feel about it since I feel selfish and guilty for wanting what he can’t give me right now.