I am a woman and have been in a long distance relationship with my BF for 8 months now. This is my first long distance relationship, but he has had multiple long distance relationships. Before all the virus stuff happened I planned to take half a week off and come down and visit him. He lives about 6 hours away from me. Usually I drive to him by myself. I have done this so far about 3 times. I really hate the drive and he knows this, but I do it because I want to see him.  I requested my days off from work before all this craziness happened. We both live in CA and now the whole entire state has been shut down. After this happened he called me and was all "are you planning on bringing your cats to my house?" and I said "No, i was not planning on it, it would stress then out too much" and he said "Well you need to think and plan better for this trip because there could be a possibility that you wont be able to leave, so I think you should bring them and just stay here for a few weeks", I told him that if it was even a possibility that I would get stuck there then I am not even going to risk coming. Mind you I am still working, my job is still open during this time and I am scheduled to work Monday and Tuesday next week. My actual vacation does not start until Wednesday. He knows all of this. When I told him that I may not come anymore because it is not safe, he started almost crying and told me that he had to get off of the phone because he was really upset. He texted me an hour later saying "I am upset that you would rather be alone during this, than with me". I texted him back saying it is not like that at all, of coarse I would rather not be alone BUT I do not think it is safe to drive to you right now and I said if you really do not want to be alone then you come to me. The only thing he texted me back was "I am not leaving my house and you can do whatever you want to do". Ever since then we have barely texted at all. I wished him Good night and said that I loved him yesterday, he only texted me back Good night and no I love you, which made me feel like shit. I texted him yesterday asking him how his day was after not hearing from him at all and all he said was "Lonely", so I was like ok... Reddit what do I do, I am starting to see maybe this is not the right person for me, esp with how he is making me feel through all of this. Help!