Anyone know why riot is waiting till next patch to nerf raka? Why not just hotfix nerf her. Its disgustingly broken and its sad to see that the games actually got to this point. If she isn't banned shes picked and as soon as the game gets to mid/lategame she autowins the game. I was renekton and made a raka go 1/6 in lane with some help from jg. Our team was in the lead and come 25 minutes they just start autowinning because of raka. This is plat elo. And if its not raka then its sona which is equally as cancer. It feels like league is becoming a game of cheese or be cheesed and it fucking sucks. Also still no actual nerfs to aphelios and FUCKING SENNA next patch. I know I'm complaining but fuck 100% pick ban rate says alot. You pair senna with ali or naut and its an autowin in lane. It sucks to play against and its not even that fun to play. You auto q auto as senna and you outtrade any adc in the game, whist healing your supp. Come lategame you might have 40-60 stacks but that still makes you one of the longest range adcs in the game. And because you've been able to zone the other adc off cs all laning phase you're ahead in gold, not to mention you've probably got a few kills or assists with your global ult (that shields and does damage :O). I love the idea of senna and her cannon looks amazing but fuck just nerf her already. Buffing soul drop for support senna doesn't help either, I don't see why Riot is powercreeping it. It's like they want her to go from a pick ban adc to a pick ban supp. 30 mins in supp senna will have atleast 100 souls in a good game now and by this stage if you're building lethality items you outdamage your adc. I've been playing it when I'm filled recently and in a good game I end with 140+ souls (100% crit, lifesteal, and longest range in the game). Pair her with an apc like swain or syndra and its very hard to beat especially in solo q. I can't ban raka sona aphelios senna every game and thats just the tip of the iceberg (sett cass diana cait leona naut). I know this is a bit of a rant but surely I'm not the only one that gets pissed off by this shit. Whats everyone elses opinion? I'd like to know what everyone else thinks about the current state of the game.