So it just so happens that I had to afk in two of m placement matches somewhere in the middle (outside my control. Real life is more important to me), but from what I hear on reddit iw wouldn't have made a difference if I won all my placement games. Finished Placements 7-3 (one of the afk's didn't result in a loss though it did count as one for me so 6-4 was what i ended with) I ended up placing Bronze 3. After 60 games I finally got to silver 4 but I don't know if I have the time to make it past gold at this rate. Its not like I have an abysmal winrate either. Just that the climb is arduous and I don't want to make a new account with better MMR or a better placement. Not saying the system is bad, just sharing my experience. Im a free to play player that won't be able to dedicate as much time as I've been doing lately. Besides I enjoy normals with friends more than ranked and spend half my time doing that. Started League in season9 so I'm still relatively new. Heres my [op.gg](https://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=snizzledrag) if anyone is wondering. Me and a friend decided to duo and actually try in ranked so we've been having pretty good success recently. My IGN - Snizzledrag . The games aren't very hard, just that my champion isn't the best for hard carry. Currently I've been playing a ton of kled and he's fun but i feel like I need to win lane or i loose game. Especially because his scaling isn't the best if I go even in lane I'm putting the game into the hands of our botlaner. Whelp Thats just a peak into my life as a bronze toplaner playing a champion that is inclined to int if your team doesn't follow you in. <3 Also My farm is garbage mostly because I roamed mid every time my ulti was up because my duo was there playing victor. He's not a smurf but he has a 94% winrate on victor so people think he is a smurf if they pull up his op.gg. Here it is if you want to see [op.gg](https://na.op.gg/summoner/userName=stinksmenace). Welp i wish the best to anyone trying to climb. With a 65 percent winrate 60 games climbed me 3.5 ranks. so 60 more games and I'm silver 1, 60 more games and I'm gold 2, 60 more games and I'm plat 4. (supposedly if I keep 65 winrate i can be plat 4 in 180 more games)