I've been playing League since I was 14, a freshman in high school. It was a magical time (no it wasn't) Season 2 of NA finals were held in PAX West, my best friend loved this game and I had brought him with me so I figured fuck it man let's check this shit out. I had no fucking idea what was going on but I loved it, I started playing a week later. I spent years 15-17 probably playing almost everyday, I had long since dropped out of public school and was working to get my degree online and had tons of time to grind, I was/am trash though. But the community was amazing and I loved that it seemed like I was playing with a bunch of nerdy dorks like me who made anime references in chat and would have all chat banter for the whole game. But that's a different game almost. That was over 6 years ago, now I'm 21, I've got a job, a wife and kid, and maybe play once a week. But the last 18 months I won't lie, I've genuinely noticed I'm not having fun sometimes when I play. I have attributed this to a very simple reality: I don't want to interact with a bunch of bratty high school kids. I'm low elo, I get the short bus players, we're in bronze and iron man. The problem is all y'all think you're hot shit. Let grandpappy break out the corn pipe here, cuz when I was obsessed with this game, we all knew one thing collectively: we sucked, we were not pro, so we were probably trash and should try to learn as much as we can and ask for advice whenever we have a question. You see posts all the time of people who talk about low elo players having a good game knowledge compared to some higher level players, I got news. All of us that have been in the know since before your beloved Yasuo was even a fertilized idea, are older players who don't have time to grind now. I know, sweeping generalization, but man I used to be gold, I was pretty decent at one point in time mechanically, I'm old and slow now /s. But all these kids and their egos about their skill and their billion mastery points, bruh we're playing in the same game, I'm not some undiscovered prodigy and neither are you. Maybe I didn't notice it when I was younger cuz we all talk shit as teenagers, but holy fucking christ, most days if I have the option to pick between getting really frustrated at xxxfAker\_\_YaSuOXXX for 45 minutes or go shoot some stormtroopers, yeah at least if I make a positioning mistake in Battlefront 2 I can laugh and respawn instead of wait for the flame. "But mute all makes them silent hurr durr". And yeah you're right, I can always remove the only thing I'm decent at consistently: shotcalling. Well this is bigger than I meant, hope some other old jaded bastards can relate to this. If anyone not old enough to do their taxes reads this: like totes yeet your aura baby yoda, we all make mistakes