I'm sure every single of you played with a troll in team once in your life. But holy they are ruining games faster than ever now in low elo. Right now i'm silver II but it's not because i don't know how to play or anything. 80% of the time i got people that are straight trolling on my side. It's not that they hide with it they just straight up announce on chat that they are trolling and proceed to feed. And you know what? Riot does NOTHING with that. Unless you go above 0/20 you won't ever get banned. The only thing that works in this game is an AI that detects if you said a bad word. Why don't people that literally announce that they are trolling get banned? I can't rank up because of people like that and it's really fun to play the game when 90% of matches are ruined by people trolling. And you can't do anything about that because reports do nothing and reporting straight to support results in a bot replying. Why isn't there a way to report these players so they won't get away with trolling games? 90% of these people are smurfs that are hardstuck diamonds and plats and they think they can do whatever they want because it's isn't their main account. The rank up changes made it even worse and not getting a troll on my side is really a rare thing. And i don't mean people that just had a bad match or just aren't the best. People are literally ruining games taking the fun from literally everyone and they are getting away with it because why should they get banned or anything? And before someone says that it's hard to tell if someone is trolling. There are many cases where they just as i said announce that on chat. Can we at least get some form of getting those people closer to ban than reports that actually do nothing? It would be a lot more fun if i could actually play the game and rank up instead of running around and getting oneshoted by an enemy that got feeded by a troll. I'm sure a lot of people have problems with trolls and it's isn't addressed in any possible way.