I am 14 years old and I really want to get a power rack, barbell, and some extra weights to help boosts my athleticism. Getting stronger would be really beneficial for me in basketball to become stronger so I can push people around more and jump higher. I also want to start doing football at my school next year but I feel like I’m too weak. I’m going into my freshman year and I’m really nervous. Numerous NFL and NBA players have played at the school I’m going to and I feel like I have a chance to be great. I was gifted with being really tall for my age (about 6’2 1/2) and I want to take advantage of it because I know other people would love to be in the situation I am. Anyways, I kind of went off track there. What I’m asking for you guys is to help me find the cheapest barbell, weights, and power rack possible with my budget. I have about $300 in my capital one account and get about $20 added to it every two weeks. I also have about 70 bucks from my uncle and grandparents for my graduation a couple weeks ago. So I have around $370 and I’m getting about 10 bucks per week. Also, I think my parents are willing to spend about $100 or less out of their own pockets because they like getting me stuff that makes me productive. I’m not 100% sure though because my dad isn’t getting a lot of shifts recently because of coronavirus and I’m not sure they could afford to spend that. My current squat is about 110 pounds and I can bench about 80 pounds for 3-4 reps, so I am pretty weak as I mentioned before. I really want to try to double those numbers before school starts so I can be running faster and jumping higher. I weigh about 156 btw, if that matters at all. I found a squat rack on Amazon with a pull up bar for $215 and I’m considering buying it, but idk, maybe there’s a better deal, but so far this is best one. There’s some pretty cheap squat rack things with no cage around it, but I don’t feel like I’ll be safe in those for some reason. I have some Xbox things that I might be able to refund, but I’m not sure though because you can’t refund it after 30 days and they’ve already let me break the rules a lot so i doubt they’ll let me do it again. What do u guys thing I should do? I know this sounds stupid, but even if you can’t answer this post, can you please upvote it so other people who could potentially answer it can see it? Thank you!