Too embarrassed to post on original account which I participate in learnmath quite frequently. I want honest feedback from anyone who wishes to comment. I am a 29 year old taking *only* Precalc this 4 month semester and am failing. We are now starting unit 4 out of 5 total and I just got done unit 2 over here and starting unit 3. I can pretty much master anything up until unit 3 but I am moving way too slow to pass this. There are so many new concepts to grasp. During this quarantine we're even allowed to take tests on our own time and send them in, which I still did not know what to do for the test. Mind you, if I take this class again, by itself, I know I will get an A, it's just the fact that I'm so *slow*. Almost all of my classmates have taken this course before in high school where I did not even pass the 9th grade here in the states. I got my GED some 13 years ago at a boys home (was a bad boy!) and the highest level of math on that was pre-algebra. So for the past 2 years I've fought my way to this level of math (and some other classes) and really realizing how behind I am compared to others. I also work about 30 hours a week and take care of myself so full-time studying isn't an option. I also get overwhelmed when studying over 5 hours straight anyway. Well, this is the most embarrassing thing in the world to know I'm going to fail the one class I took this semester and might even suspended from financial aid as they paid for 75% of it and might have to pay it back. I'm going to keep studying from where I know and eventually get to the top but the anxiety of being so far behind is humiliating. To top it off I'm going for a somewhat STEM associates degree where this is all making me feel worthless. I'm sure the non-americans here are really shocked at how underdeveloped an american like me can be. I don't know, just getting this off my chest and letting the public shame and belittle me as I rightfully deserve. Feel free to ostracize me at any level and let me have it, share similar stories, or just acknowledge. For anyone who thinks they're stupid just look at me and be grateful you're not that bad!