Recently, I am building a startup application with a partner who is taking care of back end development. I am handling front end development. Previously, I used to follow tutorials, video courses and build monotone projects that a person directed, it did not excite me. In our current project, we had faced a challenge of building our own cart page to integrate with Stripe API. The backend developer was determined that it is feasible if I can help build the front end of cart and orders page, where user can add items to cart, delete, edit quantities, recalculate prices, passing states across components across parent nodes etc, adding a dynamic cart in menu etc.. Initially, I called off this discussion citing I cannot do it because I thought I do not have expertise or knowledge to do it. Maybe, it will require redux, etc., etc., I listed him 100 ways to demean my own value. We were about to drop this project. Two days ago, miraculously, I nodded to give it a try. 16 hours coding on laptop passed, consistent frustrations, facing continuous bugs while I worked on Add to cart and Orders components, putting out fires when one thing worked but introduced another bug somewhere, constantly thinking maybe I am in a wrong profession. I did a test again. Fuck, I fucking did it. I have a working Add to cart page that uses local storage API to pass on quantity based states and so many things. I know it could be revised better here and there, I cannot get over the fact that I got it working after sheer pain and frustration. However, I loved this experience of taking a challenge where I had zero idea of how to do a certain feature. Took the challenge and figured it out on my own. I experienced the best feeling ever that I accomplished something as a Developer. This approach felt 100 times better than reading a tutorial/video kind of learning. When I went to bed, the feeling of satisfaction of solving and breaking a wall was sublime. I feel, as a Front End Developer, to get complete satisfaction in your work is only possible if you are willing to say YES to a challenge that you already feel that you cannot handle, you try your best to solve it and get it done is best way of learning. I was very close to quit my dream of becoming a Front End Developer during these 13 hours because I felt my credibility was at stake but I saved it and feel ready to challenge this notion everyday by embracing progressive thinking and with getting it done and not backing away mindset.