Long story short, I've been smoking everyday for the past 6 years and I'm at day 10 of my sobriety now. YAAY the longest conscious decision I've made to quit. Today the covid lockdown has been lifted in my country and I decided to go for a jog by the beach with my closest buddies. We all grew up together and they are stoners as well. After my run, I was chatting a while with em and the weather was perfect, cold evening with the presence of double rainbow. As expected, their response to it was "this would be so much better if we were smoking a joint right now while enjoying it". They also started discussing about this new dealer who gives a better amount and wanting to bulk order together. I declined although the temptation was real. I love this guys as they're my closest friends but the problem is that I've started realising that the topic that we always talk about seems to be getting high and most things that revolves around weed. I dont wanna stop hanging out with them but everytime we do I cant stop the temptations of thinking that a puff or sharing a joint with them wouldn't hurt. And they playfully shrug it off when I said I wanna quit for real this time. I dont blame them because I've told them that I'm quitting couple times before and always end up smoking again eventually. So they think I'm just going through "that phase" again. I know stopping hanging out with my stoner friends would be helpful for me as I wouldn't get reminded about it as much. Hanging out with them while I'm sober also makes me feel like I'm missing out on something and that we are not on the common wavelength. The problem is that most of my friends that I have rn are somewhat stoners. I dont want to lose these guys as friends because I love these guys who have been there throughout my life but I'm finding decreased topics to talk about since I'm avoiding the weed topic. Finding a new friends circle seems like an intimidating idea. Should I maintain decreased contact with them until I'm absolutely sure that my willpower is strong enough to be able to watch them smoke and say no even if they force me to take a puff? Thinking about it everytime I relapsed, it always starts with the thought that " a hit or sharing a joint wouldn't hurt right" and BOOM the next thing I know I'm buying again telling myself that I'd be able to control it. Any thoughts on this? And how do I make a new friend circle?