I’ve been smoking constantly everyday for probably about 8 months to a year now before it was just with friends socially than I started buying it myself taking it home and smoking it. I’ve tried to quit like realistically over 100 times ? I know it doesn’t sound believable but I promise it’s gotta be a high number. Anyways everytime I try to quit I feel a psychical and mental urge to smoke, I always always find a way to obtain weed and I always give my self excuses to smoke. My memory’s super bad, I’ve turned into a burn out, I don’t care about people as much as I used too and my priorities don’t really matter any more. Like It’s almost like I’m lost in a endless cycle of me being sober than smoking and feeling like shit for doing it but if I don’t. Do it I feel all weird. A few days ago I was hearing small voices in my head like really distorted but I haven’t heard anything since. My mind is always racing as well I rarely get a chance to just sit there without negative things going through my head, I really feel like I’m going crazy or something. It’s been happening for a long time as well. One time I actually took a break for a whole week but I ended up losing weight I ate like 2 pieces of toast nothing else the entire week, my anxiety was so bad I couldn’t even leave the house. Weed helps me and it doesn’t at the same time. But the reason I smoke is because of my past, I had a really bad child hood losing my brother and my mother to drugs and many more events. I was diagnosed with social anxiety, anxiety, chronic ptsd, depression, and adhd. I just recently started taking pills for a few of the problems but they haven’t kicked in yet. I’ve tried a lot of stuff but nothing really seems to be working, I just want to be able to live without smoking weed again and without stressing/overthinking everyday. I’ve gotta lot of stuff I need to be getting done and I just can’t I don’t have the energy or motivation to do it I feel like I’m super zoned out all the time. What should I do? Has anyone had any similar experiences?