I am posting this here in hopes that there are others that are experiencing similar symptoms from quitting weed. In the past, when I would try to quit weed or run out of weed, I would sweat in my sleep all night, usually waking up every so often just drenched in sweat. This time around (day 7 was today, daily smoker sun up to sundown for about 8 years), I am sleeping much better (dreams are so awesome) but when I wake up I begin to drip sweat from my underarms. Seems like my dominant arm (right) will sweat more than the left. It is an anxiety or something that I can put my finger on.  It can be only 30 minutes since I woke up and I will already need to change shirts because I’ve got huge wet spots under my arms. Even if I don’t wear a shirt I will literally have beads of sweat dripping down my arms.. it’s quite bizarre and even a bit humorous. However, it is also embarrassing and causes anxiety which only makes it worse. I have found that exercise or forcing myself to sweat will cure this. So this morning I woke up, began to sweat a bit, and went down to the park and shot some hoops. I then proceeded to run some sprints that really wiped me out and made me work hard. All this on an empty stomach (not sure it matters). Anyway, after playing outside I went and showered and put on a shirt that would definitely show pit sweat if I were to start sweating, it’s actually a shirt I avoid wearing if I think I will be sweaty. I felt great though, and I felt confident that I wouldn’t sweat through the shirt. In fact, I went to the grocery store and felt amazing. So, if anyone else is having similar issues, I recommend aerobic exercise as a way to start the day. Not only will you sweat but you will breathe deeply which can be comparable to meditation and helps to slow down your heart rate.. Anyway, I didn’t sweat at all after this morning and went through the rest of the day with little to no anxiety. Going forward, I will start my days with aerobic exercise if that’s what it takes. All the best to this community.