Like what do I think about? What do I care about? How am I supposed to keep going like this. I’m not a real person anymore. I feel like I’m trying to play myself in a movie and I’m doing a terrible job. None of the lines come naturally, they’re all forced. Everything I say makes me sad because I know I didn’t mean it. Why can’t I appreciate that my friends are supporting me. Why can’t I take a shower without getting miserable because I don’t know what to feel or think in the shower. I don’t know what voice to listen to or if there even is one. I feel absolutely nothing but sadness, confusion, and anxiety. Why am I not suicidal? I want to enjoy the day. I just don’t know what to think anymore. My brain just doesn’t care about absolutely anything genuinely. I still have social anxiety, but it’s not preventing me from being myself because I don’t know what being myself is. I don’t know what I value. I can’t care about any single conversation. It all feels meaningless. I don’t even know if I truly love my friends who constantly love me and support me. I don’t know if I feel guilty about it. I don’t know if I truly love my mom and dad who have always cared about me. What is my existence. I am just alive. Thoughts are now just pale imitations of things I think I used to care about, but I can’t remember.  It’s so demotivating to have everyone around you act like a human being. They probably have emotion and genuine interest in what others have to say and what’s going on. They know where they are in life, maybe not where they’re going, but they have something that’s grounding them. Something that no matter how hard the going gets they can hold on to and it would be worth it. I started smoking at 15 and did it daily for a year and a half because I thought it meant having fun every night. I realize It was masking my self loathing and depression, but now It’s like I took the bookmark on the book I was reading. I don’t know where I left off and I don’t know how to start getting better. Weed was my everything and there’s nothing but me. I’m fucking so socially anxious and awkward and felt like a ruined everything for everyone all the time because I didn’t know what I was supposed to say or do or think or feel and I was always in my head and weed was what let me forget about how much I hated myself and how little faith I had in my future. I’m nothing now. My life is nothing and it feels like I’ll feel this way for the rest of my life. It’s so hard to love yourself when you genuinely believe with every fiber of your being that your the biggest fuckup and least like-able person you have ever met. I don’t deserve to get better. Highschool sucks