I’m almost 10 months sober, and in my dream last night I decided to smoke a bowl. It was weird because I’m my dream I didn’t even really want to, but I still did it anyways, didn’t even enjoy being high at all, just felt guilty and wanted to be sober and felt awful for breaking a 10 month streak. But at the same time, I didn’t totally beat myself up. I thought, this doesn’t negate all of the progress I’ve made. I was still sober for nearly a year, this doesn’t put me back at the beginning of sobriety, struggling and feeling shitty and guilty and horrible all the time. I was still nearly a year sober with one little slip up. It didn’t mean I had to spiral and hit rock bottom and smoke 6 blunts a day and start drinking again. It just meant I’m human and I had a moment of weakness and I learned from it. So if you’re back on day one after a long stretch, or even after just a week (which feels pretty damn long and you should still be proud of!), remember that you’re making progress for even having the desire to be sober, for even attempting it. Don’t be too hard on yourself, it’s hard to break habits that we’ve had for years or even decades. But also remember that the little bit of relief you get from smoking (which it usually isn’t relief at this point, just anxiety, guilt, paranoia, wasted money) is nothing compared to all of the things that sobriety will bring you. My life is better than ever now. I’ve filled up 2 journals since June (I quit around 4-20) and read bits and pieces of them last night, and the progress I’ve made is amazing. I’m more thoughtful, a better writer, and over time I’ve become much kinder to myself. The half of the first journal is just how awful I feel, how guilty I feel. But it gets so much better. I’ve gotten into meditation, affirmations, yoga, philosophy. I wouldn’t have done any of these things in a million years if I was still a pothead. I take better care of myself mentally, physically, spiritually. I floss everyday, I cook healthy meals (most of the time), I read and wrote, I try new things and go new places. I’m healing from all of the damage I did to myself, healing from the trauma that made me abuse drugs and alcohol in the first place, and I’m really proud. I know this kind of turned into a tangent, but I just wanted to shout my thoughts and feelings into the void, at other recovering potheads, since my journal is all filled up now. Thanks for reading, stay strong you guys! ❤️