I’ve always been into the occult. When I was little I read anything scary or horrific I could get my hand on. When I began delving into the left hand path at around 14, my grades became significantly higher. While I secluded myself, everyone knew me and treated me well. I go to an Ivy League university now and study Psychology. I am finishing my second year and have noticed something amazing. The first books I read that were occult, were HP Lovecraft. I would scrawl his odd symbology on everything and that’s when I did better. In my first year here, I attempted Christianity for a while, and my grades fell. I used the same methods for study and everything. People liked me and knew me, but no one feared me. I’ve gotten back into this ritual of re-reading his books and meditating. I began to find things were changing. I also began to read into Death Magick/necromancy. I read about methodology and creation of ones own spells. Over that summer I collected pieces of graves from various sites around my collage and my hometown. When I got back to school, my grades continued to suffer. Then I really began my meditation. I knew of one secluded area where no one would be. My meditation involved an invocation of the spirits of death for guidance and simply to communicate with/gain their trust. I finished reading all of Lovecraft’s books again. My roommate began having nightmares on the night I finished reading the necronomicon, and began having mental health issues, I began seeing my grades go from a C to an 88+ with little to no studying involved. Now my GPA is 3.7 and I hardly study anymore. When I dream I see myself in a hellish scape, standing on an obsidian pyramid, leading ravenous people to kill. I often wake up into a further dream where I am draining my roommate of his blood and drinking it. I can see eyes surrounding me, Demon eyes and Octopus eyes. I turn around only to expose myself as having sharpened teeth, snake eyes, and a split tongue. I’ve always wanted to get sharp teeth and a split tongue, but it has never manifested in my dreams. I haven’t changed my attire or my hygiene, but now it seems that people are friendly to me, but weary. Professors love me, but my fellow student seems to be fearful of me.    I ran into a good friend from my class in the dining hall and he looked at me funny. When I asked why, he replied that I (and I’m not making this up) “look like the devil”. I asked how and he said he couldn’t explain it. He seemed cautious while we ate but grew more calm the more time we talked. I am short (5’7) but muscular due to my love of exercise so intimidation has never been an issue for me. Now, it seems like I have a shadow looming over me that brings fear into people. I don’t attribute it to anything really as I never made any pacts, but I feel powerful. Incredibly powerful. The fear people have of me makes them want to talk to me and be around me, but they seem like a deer in headlights if I question them or look at them for too long, as if they are entranced. I am also in Army ROTC and have maxed every PT test, have been selected for summer training over my peers, and have made connections due to my school and my family. I know quite a few High ranking military leaders and relatively high ranking government officials which are family friends. It’s crazy to see my life turn into something of a test. A test to see what I can do. I can talk about my  meditation and what I see another time. I was wondering what fellow followers of the left hand path may proscribe my circumstances to. Things have just seemed to fall absolutely into place for me now. It has only been getting better and I feel as if it’s only just starting for me; however, It will take years to truly see where it goes. I will continue to be on here and post updates.