I have been living in my current apartment since June 2019 in Chicago. I live below a person that moved in July 2019. Starting in September, they have been excessively loud. Parties, loud music, lots of stomping/walking at odd hours of the night. This being 6 months later, the issues have only gotten worse. I have gone upstairs and asked them to please turn the music down 4 times, I have called the police for a noise complaint 1 time, and since November I have had the landlord involved. I have documented cases of this person making noise including times, dates, and videos. This person has come down to my door, intoxicated, demanding I apologize for calling the police. This person has also told the landlord that because I yelled up for them to quiet down that I was "confronting" them and they are now mad at me. The landlord has told me that since the noise has not stopped, the person will not have their lease renewed. This was great for a little while, but the noise has just gotten worse. Today I had to call the landlord again and explain that my lease states that "no noise or other sound is permitted which disturbs the other occupants from quiet enjoyment of their apartment" and I have not had quiet enjoyment in a long while. I have constant anxiety that this person is going to invade my quiet space in my home and it's a violating feeling that he is blaring music louder than my TV. It is from my understanding and research that the landlord is responsible for ensuring that I have my quiet space and that this person is not invading it. Bringing it back to later today, the landlord said that I should allow this person into my apartment to hear the music from my perspective, where I immediately objected. I don't feel that I have to let a stranger (who frankly has been making my life miserable) into my home to listen to music that is obviously super loud. The landlord said there is a lot of noise because of it being an old building and having no installation in between the floors and ceilings. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I am hitting a wall, here. The landlord is not moving things along to the pace I would like. He asked this person to put foam on their speakers in November and it still hasn't happened, and the noise has only gotten worse. Is there anything that I can do to spare myself from this noise?