I'm active duty in the military and my wife had an appendectomy almost 3 weeks ago. She got a little bit better and then she got way worse over the first weekend and went back. She was told she had an abscess that was filled with infected blood and they did another surgery to install a drain to drain the abscess. She started getting better again but now she's back in the hospital and one day she will get better and then next she's worse. Apparently they have been flushing her bag improperly for the last 3 days and who knows if they were doing it right before then. She was basically told that if she had waited a few more days to be admitted that she would have gone septic and died. The nurses and the risk management office staff have been extremely rude and have threatened to have my mother in law removed from the hospital because she has been going off on them for not taking her care seriously. The brought 3 security personnel and a sheriff to my wife's room and say in there and basically yelled at them and blamed them for my wife's lack of improvement. They give us very little information and my wife has to constantly ask questions to get the nurses to give her any information or care. Just now while I was on facetime with my wife, ( I'm stationed in Georgia and she's in california) she asked the nurse for a new clean bag for her drainage and the nurse told her he would bring one "from downstairs". About 20 minutes passed and he hadn't come back so my mother who was visiting my wife went and asked for a bag and the nurse said he had ordered one. 2 minutes later he walks into the room and checks the brand of the bag... how would you order the bag if you don't even know what brand of bag you're ordering?? They're just lying to her and treating her like crap and I'm just wondering how this is better than just taking proper care of your patients and getting them healthy and discharged? Were wondering if we should get a lawyer because were trying to get her transferred to a better hospital a little farther away and they're denying her from leaving saying she's not stable right now. They're basically holding her hostage at this point. What should we do? Has anybody else had an experience like this before?