Hello - I am a new Board member. During a property walk with the property manager provided to us by the management company we contract, a Board member crashed into a homeowner's garage. He rides in a golf cart. I was in the golf cart and took the entire impact. I am fine however aside of a few bruises and a wound which is healing just fine. The Board member who crashed asked the property manager not to tell the other Board members and she agreed expecting me and the other Board member on this walk to remain silent as well. I did not say anything. A couple of days later I call this property manager to ask if she reported it because I might have to go to the doctor to have my wound looked at. She says she needs to call me back. Within a few minutes of her hanging up on me, the Board member who crashed the golf cart is calling me twice. He never calls me. I then also have the other Board member texting me asking if I am working. I do not answer or respond to the text. I call the property manager back to see why she hasn't given me an answer. She tells me that she got a hold of the other two Board members and they agreed not to attend the next Board meeting and if I would cooperate then there would not be quorum and the meeting would be cancelled. I asked her why is it necessary for the meeting to be canceled and she says it is to help me so I can go to the doctor if needed. This makes no sense. She tells me she needs more time to complete the report. I tell her well just take what you have an explain to the other Board members that you are still working on the report. I told her she needs to follow protocol. I immediately contact her supervisor to inform her as well as the other two Board members that it is important they attend because the property manager was asking me to help her not meet quorum so the meeting would be canceled and that the other two Board member had already agreed to her request. There is a total of 5 of us Board members. Her supervisor then told me she had reported the accident the day it occurred and not of this makes sense. Now the supervisor has notified the other two Board members and they are denying this happened. This supervisor will be joining the property manager at our next Board meeting this week. I want this property manager to follow procedure because she has an alliance with the Board member who crashed the golf cart and follows his direction. The other Board member who she said agreed to also not attend was appointed by the Board member who crashed the golf cart so all three of them have a little network and are covering for each other. My concern is that I have had a previous situation where this property manager, under the direction of the Board member who crashed, has tried to discredit me to the other Board members. Any suggestions on how to handle this next meeting. I want to make sure this Supervisor and this property manager are held accountable for what was happened and that these things never happen again instead of trying to make it look like I was confused which it seems they are trying to do now that i was the "whistleblower" to what was going on.