So my cousin (for the sake and ease of this we can call her B) is currently 17, but will be 18 at the end of the month. She currently lives with grandparents after removing herself from her family home. As a bit of background, she has depression and an eating disorder most likely due to emotional abuse throughout her childhood. She has had minimal contact with her biological father after him and her mother were divorced. She has another sister who also has minimal contact with their dad. Her mother remarried to her now step-father (for the sake and ease of this we can call him R) and this is where all the problems started. R has a previous kidnapping charge that has been cleared due to the age he was when he did it. He has spent time for this in a juvinal center. Her mother and R had another baby, and R already had 5 boys before marrying into the family. B was young when they married, but this didn’t stop R from name calling in front of other people and smacking for very minor things. Because of this, B’s friends often felt uncomfortable coming round. As she got older and started to develop, R would tell her she “can’t wear a bra with nothing there” and that she can’t wear a bra in front of her step brothers. When on holiday, R pulled down B’s swim-wear in public places on more than occasion between the ages of 6 and 15, which led to obvious humiliation and distress. One time B refused to go swimming because of this, which led to R forcefully  pushing her into dining table at the villa, causing her to bleed vaginally. There would also be timed limits on the use of the bathroom and if B was longer than this he would force her out of the bathroom. After a long day climbing a mountain in Cyprus, B was not allowed to shower before dinner and had to eat in the restaurant being dusty and sweaty. Her privacy was taken away when her bedroom door was removed from its hinges for a period of time at one point. Her male friends where not allowed around the house (even those who were simply just friends) and female friends were often made to feel uncomfortable. B eventually had enough and started retaliating (admittedly in ways she shouldn’t have) there would often be heated arguments in the house, which often ended with B getting a few bruises. When B took it into her own hands to move out at 16, she did not have a solid place to go and was back and forth at different friends houses until one friends parents was kind enough to let B stay in their spare bedroom. When it started looking like we would go on lockdown due to Covid-19, B moved into the spare room at her grandparents. B occasionally went back home for dinner, which brings us to March this year. B went to the family home and asked to move back in. She was told no, at which point B kicked off and went to one of the bathrooms and threw stuff at the mirror, consequently breaking it. R proceeded to go upstairs and they got into a fight. B is not particularly tall, and very slim and so would simply not take a lot to stop her from causing more damage, i.e. holding her arms until she calmed down. However, when R got there, he pushed her out the bathroom and down the stairs, which broke her collar bone, and multiple cuts/bruises. B left and the next day, showed up at the family house with a hammer. She proceeded to smash up one of R’s cars, she wasn’t able to do much damage because of the collar bone but as it was an expensive car, the amount of damage is about £30k. R eventually came out recording her (despite having CCTV on the property so there’s not really a need for him to record her). When he came out, B threw the hammer away and he proceeded to smash her iPad, and assault her. B tried to leave, and he followed, tackling her to the ground by a roundabout. When B eventually managed to get to the hospital, which is straight across the road, they were worried her jaw was broken as there was so much swelling. R took the CCTV footage to the police but cut it down so that the only footage was of B smashing the car, and so it is his word against hers. The case is now going to crown court and R is now trying to get B charged with 2 counts of criminal damage. With no CCTV footage of the assult he did to her due to it being erased after 30 days, is there anything B can do here to minimise the charges against her, and possibly build a case against him?