So basically My wife has worked for a cleaning company in my area for around 4-5 years. At the end of last year she was told multiple times by two managers that she would be getting a 1.00$ raise at the beginning of the year. Mid February rolls around and she asks about it. She was offered .50 cents which she reluctantly accepted. (I told her she should have be n livid at this and should have let her boss know) Shortly after this she was told she can no longer use her phone to clock into work. This was weird because everyone else could. So she asked around throw fellow employees she wasn’t being singled out. A day later she’s so upset she ends up in the bosses office she was cleaning ( He’s the plant big wig) and asks her what’s wrong and she tells him everything. Now beforehand this man told her he could come to her for any issues she’s had. And so she did. He sets up a meeting with Frantz to discuss this situation. ( building has stayed extraordinarily clean. She kicks ass at her job and big wig noticed immediately and wanted to do everything in his power to keep her on) So after the meeting a day later her boss finally talks to  her over text, after ignoring her for a couple days. They get on the phone discuss the raise and say we need to have a meeting Friday after work. My wife agrees. Today they show up while she’s working rolling 5 deep. Tell her she made the company look bad and berated her with 5 people standing there intimidating her. They then coerce her to sign a paper that states something like she’s not allowed to talk about any of it to the other workers and she’s not allowed back in the building but haven’t fired her. Does this whole situation not sound shady as hell? What should we do? Is there anything we CAN do or is she just screwed. I’m so angry at the situation and the fact they used intimidation in numbers of nowhere In the middle of the day to do this to her. When the meeting was supposed to be between her boss and her bosses boss after work. Never informed her or anything. Any advice? I’m mad a fuck writing this so if you have any questions ask and I will answer.