So I was friends with this group of people for a while (around 8th grade- the end of my sophomore year) but I ended the friendship by ceasing communication with them the summer going into junior year because they treated me like garbage and it was seriously impacting my mental health for the worse (I have major depression, anxiety, and adhd that have all been diagnosed by more than one medical professional). This year at school was a bit awkward but mostly manageable with the occasional hearing them talking shit about me a few feet away or them giving me rude looks in the hallways, that sort of stupid petty hs bs. Anyways today- er, I guess tonight? Last night? It’s nearly 1 am as I’m writing this and all this happened like an hour or so ago. One of the girls in the old friend group has this family friend who’s extremely problematic and confrontational and he started texting me telling me to “pick up” and I didn’t know what he was talking about so I looked at my missed calls (my phone is always on dnd rn bc the notifs stress me out and I’ll know when to expect someone contacting me) and I apparently missed a call from this group chat that had all of my old friends+ my replacements in it. I started freaking out a little bit but I tried to handle the situation as cooly as possible, but then I saw this video. I don’t think it’s incriminating but I just wanted to check hence why I’m on here, but he sent me a video one of my old friends in the group took of me last year at a Christmas party we had together. I was dancing (we all were music was playing and it was a gathering between friends) but the video only captured the part of me dancing where I was grinding on the floor. Mind you I was fully clothed however the clothing I was wearing was revealing and in the video my skirt rode up a bit (you still couldn’t see any genitals or nudity or anything the person taking the video wasn’t that close to me and the video was taken in front of me not behind). I know this might me stupid to ask about but you really never know about this stuff in this day and age and I’m scared they’ll send it to potential employers and colleges and maybe even my hs swim coach and idk if it can get me in trouble. There’s no drinking or drugs in the video, there’s literally nothing else except for me grinding on the floor except like I said I was in revealing clothes and I was 15 when the video was taken (16 now). Also I was wondering if there’s any harassment or cyber bullying charges I could look into because this seems like that. I’d really appreciate if someone answered even to tell me I’m being an idiot bc this situation is dumb bc I’m just really on edge rn and I can’t think right.