While I was dating him I found millions of girls in his phone. He was cheating on me, and in many cases, lying to the girls he was cheating with about being single. He also lied about getting stabbed and raped for attention, faking police documents to “prove” it happened and even stabbing himself. Unfortunately I don’t have any proof of this because I didn’t take pictures of it, but I do have proof of this: He has paid for deep fakes of his cousin and some of his close female friends without their knowledge. I took pictures of the emails back when I found them on his burner phone. He was making me believe we were going to get married one day and meanwhile telling a girl he cheated with that I “went psycho” on him and he wasn’t speaking to me anymore. He’s stolen from his old job, lied to the people responsible for his college housing that he was disabled in order to get a larger room, etc. I can’t think of everything right now but he’s done countless other illegal things. He’s the kind of person who will jump to do anything he thinks he can get away with doing. He used to smirk and tell everyone the story about the time a girl “cried rape” on him in highschool and nobody believed her because he was popular, and that he was actually innocent. Knowing what’s he’s like now, I’m starting to wonder if maybe she wasn’t lying and he actually did stuff to her without her consent. He is a pathological liar and I want everyone to know (especially his new “victims”, cause of course he’s already got one or two), but I did find most of these things out by looking through his phone without permission. He had given me his passwords at the time, but still, would I get in trouble for this if I decided to post all of the proof of this on some social media platform? Is exposing the personal stuff (like the cheating; providing screenshots, etc) considered leaking personal information? Would I get in trouble for “withholding” some of the illegal information from the police for so long (especially the bit about faking police documents)? I didn’t participate in it at all. I found that out (along with a few other things) while I was dating him but I was so shocked and hurt by the knowledge of everything that I pushed it to the back of my mind as long as I could because I loved him.