So a couple weeks ago I had to get an airbag recall done on my Honda Civic and since it could only be done by certain Honda dealerships, I was basically assigned to a specific one I had to take my car to. When I took my car there I dropped it off in the morning and came to pick it up later that day just a few hours later. When I was getting into my car to drive home, I realized that my car had been smoked in (I do not smoke), there were ashes on my passenger seat, and I noticed all of my change was stolen but at the time that was all I noticed. So before leaving, I obviously went inside and explained what happened and they apologized and told me that they left my car unlocked out on the lot and that some random person walking by must have done all of that. They gave me 2 $25 gift cards and vacuumed my passenger seat as a way to make it up to me. Now a few days later, I realized that 2 pairs of sunglasses were also missing from my car one of which was fairly expensive priced at around $190. So I went back to the dealership and I told them that I was going to give them a chance to make it right before filing a police report. The service manager at the dealership was not wanting to listen to me at all and he simply threw down the piece of paper I had signed upon dropping my car off there that stated they were not responsible for theft and things like that for causes beyond their control. So as I had told them I would do, I proceeded to file a police report, but the officer told me not much could be done for me by them, so I attempted to continue climbing up the ranks within the dealership until I reached the general manager. When I finally was able to see the GM, all he did was deny responsibility for their actions and told me "they had already done enough for me." So now here I am running out of options for what I can do to try to get my sunglasses replaced. I was thinking of filing a case in small claims court, because I am able to produce a good deal of evidence against them including their admission of guilt, the only issue I really have is that I can't seem to prove the glasses were ever in my car in the first place. I have proof of purchase, but would any of this be worth it if I'm unable to prove they were in my car that day? I could potentially get eyewitnesses who were in my car that day to testify, but is that enough?