I live in a basement level apartment as the sole tenant. It’s basically an old victorian house made into maybe 6 units. Its cheap for what the average place in my city costs. I started dating someone and was only staying there once a week since its not a very nice place compared to his. Come November 1st when my lease ends I was planning on moving in with him.  I moved in Nov last year, 2 weeks into moving the private landlord died unexpectedly, his wife hired a property management to take care of things.  On March 15th someone calls that a tenant smells gas.  I have not been home in a couple days.  They ask to enter and then I get a text that they shut my stove off and that someone will be in in the morning to check it further.  Well monday comes, and no follow up from them and stove is disconnected from the gas.  I wait, till Tuesday afternoon and nothing has been done.  I call and they don’t answer.  I left a voicemail and instead of a call back, I get a text from the property manager that they will call someone.  I get a call from an appliance tech that day to set a time for him to come however he is booked with other clients and had to wait till march 25.  At this point we are in lockdown and it would suck if I didn’t have a significant other but I was fine with waiting that long since I can stay at my bf’s.  Come March 25 he cancels because he was feeling sick and was playing it safe with the virus going around.  He says he can call when he feels better.  I waited two weeks till I realized he didn’t call yet, Ive been pretty mentally exhausted with working during this crisis. I call my property manager April 10th at their main office and the person who texts me, no answer from both. Again instead of a call back I get texts from two different numbers asking if everything was okay and that they saw I called twice.  I tell them my stove is still not fixed and the situation with him canceling and waiting to hear back from him.  They text back apologizing and saying they will look into it. On April 13 i get a text that he will call me.  I speak with that appliance guy who canceled and have to set a day which again he is booked for the week and earliest available was April 20th.   He comes that day, opens my stove, tells me its an old gas range with a standing pilot light that has caused a buildup of gas and that connecting my stove is a safety liability since it will always be releasing a small amount of gas and I have a small 650 square foot basement apartment .  He says he will tell this to the property manager but he can’t do anything and they need to make a decision on what to do.  I excepted to get a followup the next day but i hear nothing.  Since they don’t answer the phone, I put in a work order in the online portal stating my stove needs fixing asap and what the technician reported.  I immediately get a text asking who said that.  I text back the appliance tech you hired. They respond “weird, I will look into him”. This was April 21, my stove is not connected and absolutely no communication from them for 2 weeks.  They don’t answer the phone and only text. I texted that number yesterday that it’s unacceptable and what the status of my stove was.  I then asked if i can break my lease.  That was yesterday at 1pm.  As of yet, no response. So i called a lawyer and they have a fee of 260 for advice and how I can proceed.  However that is just a consultation and they prepare me for how I tell them I want to break my lease and what my rights are, but it is not mean I have a lawyer to represent me.  I’m worried they will ignore that too or say no I can’t break my lease and I will be out of $260.  I definitely don’t want to spend a ton of money on a lawyer of that happens to go to court.  I live in Colorado if that helps with what tenant rights i have.