The mother of my children (4, 8, and 9) was out of the picture for about 3 years. She had no contact with them at all during that time. (I did chase her down a few times to try to attempt some kind of relationship between her and the kids on few occasions but she could not be consistent so I stopped trying) We went to court at the beginning of this year and she was granted a temporary order for supervised visitation every other weekend and a phone call every other day. She is allowed 2 hrs during the visit and 1 hr for the calls. The calls never last more than 20 minutes and that's pushing it its usually less. Once the COVID 19 crisis emerged and school was cancelled I noticed that she was not practicing social distancing at all. (Words from her own mouth that I heard her say to the kids) She is still working (can't help that) still hanging out with her boyfriend, several different friends, her family, going out in public only wearing a mask at work etc. Not to mention there are at least 3 other people in the home during the visits and I do not know if they are social distancing either. So I told her I no longer feel comfortable with them having in person visits while this is going on and while we have a stay at home advisory. I offered to let her have video chats in place of her visits every weekend instead of every other to hopefully make up for it. She agreed to it and I have a recording of our convo (I had her consent to record) and text exchanges between us confirming this. She got upset with me about something else and is now demanding her visitation back because things got lifted (the social distancing order is still in effect in MA) and threatened to file for contempt. She says I am doing it out of spite or to keep the kids away but I am genuinely concerend for the health and safety of my family  (my middle daughter and my long term live in gf are both high risk) so I am just looking to see what happens if she does file for contempt? I have full legal and physical custody of my children and this was a temporary order. I know I violated it by denying visitation but it was to keep my children out of danger, and she is still getting time with them just digitally.