Hello, I am the oldest daughter of my parents. My mom and dad have been living together since I was 4 years old, and didn't get married until i was 11 years old. My dad has been a perpetual cheater and my mom was constantly overlooking/ignoring it. There were a few times in my childhood where he would just disappear for a few days and he would act suspicious. I never really thought much about it, to self asborbed in my own life and trying to get through school, until when I became 14 and his mistress started calling. My mom became more cold towards my dad, and I at first thought that my parents just needed to talk it out, not knowing what was going on. Until his mistress called my mom and started making threats against him. Then he started leaving the house for weeks and would disappear without responding to our calls or messages. My mom was conflicted, and at first tried to ignore it and tried to take him back. But when it became obvious that he was still seeing this woman and it came out that he had another woman who was pregnant, she finally stopped letting him back into the house. My mom became a walking shell of herself for a year or 2 before she started going to a domestic violence support group. She slowly started to become more sure of herself and started to put more rules down for my dad if he wanted to return: they had to go to marriage counselling, he had to stop seeing the other women, and he had to stop spending all his money on his failing business. My dad refused and said that he was not crazy, his dream would eventually pay out, and that it was his money to do what he wanted with. He also said that if she wanted him back, she would need to get implants as he was not satisfied with her appearance. My mom declined and told him that until he was ready to at least go to counselling, she would not even consider letting him back in the house. Years passed, he got himself into a bunch of financial issues, nearly got the house into foreclosure, lost my car and my mothers car, had our house "visited" by his debtors and crazy side piece (this woman called and texted my mom constantly about being with my dad, and then tried to threaten me via texts),and almost never came when he said he was going to pick up my sisters to see us. Finally, after years of back and forth with my mother, she has finally agreed to start the divorce process. As all their children are grown up and no longer require child support, she thought it would be easy. There are several issues: My dad has tax issues with the IRS that he still hasn't settled, the house is under his name(50%) and my mom and I (25% each), and he doesn't want to divorce. Even though he has been living with his baby mama for 3 years (at least) now. When we were looking at the requirements for an online divorce, I pointed out that my dad would not agree on who gets the house and on even getting divorced. She is reluctant to get a divorce attorney and refuses to listen when I tell her that she needs one as he has no plans to acknowledge it. She's sending in the form by mail and says she plans on telling my dad "which do you want, the easy divorce or the hard one?" Any advice?