So I am a college student who is renting out a local house for the year with 2 other roommates. Two of us went on vacation for spring break and my other roommate stayed at the house. Backing it up a few days before, I was having a few issues with my toilet not flushing correctly and my water not draining. I did not have the time to wait all day for someone to check it out and I was barely even using it anyway. So I decided to call someone when I come back from vacation. A few days go by (I’m not home anymore) I get a call that the other toilet literally exploded. The back of the toilet broke off randomly and flooded the whole bathroom. So now both of our toilets were broken. Our landlords “handyman” came over and replaced the broken toilet then went to check out my toilet to see what the issue was. Keep in mind, HE IS NOT A PLUMBER! I have no idea what he was doing in there but he completely trashed my entire bathroom. The entire tub was filled with literal shit and dirt from the pipes as my toilet over flowed on the floor. I came home to my room smelling completely like crap to the point I did not sleep there for 2 days. The day after I got home, the handyman came backover and decided to call a plumber. The main line was clogged and the plumber fixed my issue in less than 30 minutes. All done, but now my entire bathroom still smelt extremely bad with shit everywhere! The landlord didn’t send anyone over to clean up or anything. It took me 2 days to disinfect everything. Fast forwarding, the landlord wants us to pay him for replacing the main toilet. He did not make me pay for my bathroom toilet cuz that’s on him obviously. However, none of us were home except our other roommate and he claimed he heard a loud bang and the toilet was broken. Can toilets explode due to pressure? Could the main sewage line being blocked cause the back of the toilet to blow off? And if not, then who should pay for the toilet? All of us? Just the 2 people who use it? Or only the person who was home? He seems pretty convinced that the toilet has exploded, but our landlord does not believe us.