If more information is needed ill be happy to give but im going to explain this as best I can. I've had interest in becoming a welder for a while and when an opportunity presented itself for an apprenticeship I took it. My teacher/boss was also the owner of the company and I was to receive on the job training with an hourly rate. the company went out to job sites and in this case we were working at a construction site installing balcony railings for a new apartment complex. I was staying at an RV provided by my employer where me and the rest of the crew stayed (about 4-6 guys depending on new hires and people who quit/went to other job sites) well my boss was a pretty good welder and one other guy on the crew. My boss showed me a thing or two but for the most part he handed me a welder and told me to figure it out. we also eventually split off into teams where I was with the other experienced welder and the other guys were with my boss, I was the only one looking to become a welder the others were there for their own reasons which arnt important, however what is important is my boss the this one other guy are the only ones with any experience in this field. I came from a fast food job and general car maintenance (worked 2 jobs). well apparently this guy i was in a team with was suppose to be giving me some training but instead I was just his errand boy fetching whatever he needed. after a couple of weeks of this the guy I was with had a pay dispute with the boss and quit. Admittedly this should have been a huge red flag for me but I didn't think much about it. my boss started showing up less and less to the job site, but he was also overseeing like six jobs at once. I heard of these but never went to them or met these other workers. so I figured he was busy with business and thats why he wasnt showing up anymore. However now the issue is theres no one experienced/certified on the job site and I have minimal experience with a welder. we have an idea of what were doing at this point but none of us are skilled at all and just go about doing our job best we can. I should also mention at this point it is damn near impossible for me to get a hold of my boss and any appointments I make with he he doesnt show up to. 99% of the time he doesnt respond to calls or texts. and our paychecks are slowing down, like getting them a week late or just whenever he gets around to us, hes also getting complaints from the people overseeing the job site about our spotty work which we get chewed out for by my boss and he starts asking if we "deserve to be paid for this work" and eventually the paychecks stop all together and the superintendent kicks my crew off the job site. im missing several paychecks and im owed reimbursements for equipment/gas i had to spend money on for the company truck/generators we were using and tools we needed (which he kept the few tools i bought) i contacted the DOL about this who said i need to take him to small claims court. now I know in all aspects here I'm in the right and hes in the wrong and he owes me, the problems im unsure of is that he is apparently trying to sue the company who hired him for the job site that he needs what hes owed for the work that was done while the company is countering with that the work needs to be redone by someone else that he deserves nothing. what im wondering if this case hes doing could mean that id get blamed for the failure here and not get paid because I did spotty work or not be able to sue because a case involving the job is already in progress or if an hourly paid untrained employee should get paid regardless, over all im owed between $1000-$2000 in paychecks and reimbursements and I dont know if its even worth court fees.