Ok, so this is absolutely mind blowing and baffling to me.  In February 2018, I was leaving my parents house and one of the roads by their house is a large hill with a stop sign.  I come to the stop sign, and when you look left it’s a regular straight shot, but to the right, it’s a large hill going down.  I’ve always hated this stop sign at night because there is a house with a large spotlight and when you look to the right this spotlight can be blinding.  Anyway, I look left and right and proceed after being stopped, but I wasn’t in the clear.  A car was coming up the hill that I didn’t see and we nearly wrecked.  We both slammed on our brakes and there was no impact.  The cars we’re right up against each other however and the guy driving was yelling loudly upset with me.  I put the car in park and got out and as I was stepping out of the car, with one foot on the ground BOOM, he smacks into my car (the passenger side front right by the tire).  I’m kind of taken aback by this, kind of pissed, it honestly felt like he did that intentionally after we just narrowly avoided one another.  The cars were probably only a few inches apart when he did this and it wasn’t as if it caused much damage.  I however did feel guilty for causing us to be in this position, I didn’t admit guilt, I just would have been a lot more pissed if I hadn’t put us in that position in the first place.  I was so confused.  It was dark out though and as I shined my flashlight on my car and his, I couldn’t see any damage.  We both agreed we were fine and shared insurance info if we decided to file any sort of claims, I know I shouldn’t have given out my info and I know I should have called the cops on scene but it was literally just a very small bump.  Anyways, the next day when I was able to see the car more clear, I realized there was almost zero damage, literally a scratch that I was able to just wipe away.  You couldn’t have realized the car was in any wreck, his car was the same, but his car was already a pretty beat up wreck of a car in the first place.  I sent the guy a text and told him I wasn’t turning anything into insurance because it wasn’t worth it, there wasn’t any damage.  He never responded, but a few days later my insurance heard from his insurance and they asked me what happened.  I told them everything, and they told me this wouldn’t be my fault and they would deny his claim.  I was baffled he filed a claim, but his car was already beat up and maybe he was trying to blame previous dents or marks on me?  Anyway, this went without issue and my insurance denied him and that was the end of it or so I thought.  About six months or so ago, I get word from my insurance company that this guy is trying to file a claim for medical bills for a female passenger and they exceed my bodily injury coverage limits (the state min of 15k).  This is literally 17-18 months after this incident that I thought was done and over with.  There was nobody in his vehicle and nobody could have gotten hurt in that.  I talked to my insurance company and the lady said it sounded fishy, and I told her that this is clearly fraud, this was almost laughable and absurd.  She ended up denying their claim and told me if anything else came up, she’d reach out.  So in January I get a call from her again, telling me these two got a lawyer and are suing me for the medical bills in excess of the coverage I have.  I, along with the insurance lady are again completely at a loss with this.  Why they waited so long to file anything, how they could have sustained any injuries, and this passenger wasn’t a passenger.  She tells me that she can deny this as well, but if they push for a court date, then she wants to know if I will testify and I of course say I will.  The insurance company obviously has a lawyer but they give me an option to get my own as well.  I don’t want to pay for a lawyer, this is laughable and should be easily dismissed, but clearly it’s gone this far now and I’m kind of worried, but at the same time, there is zero evidence that I caused any of these injuries this lady has.  I feel like these two got in another wreck and have confused that with me, it’s literally that crazy.  I don’t know what to do?  I don’t want to pay for a lawyer when they’re providing one, but I don’t want to end up having to pay these medical bills even though this is so blatantly clear it’s fraud.  What are the odds this actually ends up ending with me paying?  And is there anything I should do more? Sorry for the rambling, I’m just fired up about this and it’s ridiculous.