So our landlords and us are in the middle of a contentious legal dispute in which we are trying to petition through the courts to have our rent refunded for various reasons. Part of the negotiations was for us to move out and to receive a monetary amount for exchange of the keys. We have gone back and forth on the terms of the agreement and at this point it appears that they are just stalling and trying to create loopholes to avoid having to pay us. Back in Feb one of their revisions was for us to report all instances of the fire alarm going off ( on record I have 38 text messages to my landlord informing them of false alarms, it's very sensitive... even preheating the oven has set it off before). Since the addition of that stipulation my wife and I have noticed that it has not gone off once. Last week when I was cooking something particularly smokey we both were like " it's really odd that it hasn't gone off". So at the end of cooking the meal i poured some oil into a hot pan and let it smoke, no alarm. Tonight, again I was cooking something that would normally set it off and it did not go off. My wife then pushed the test button on the fire alarm and the alarm did not go off. It is a hard wired fire alarm, no batteries, as is required by our city. We now have 2 videos of us testing with actual smoke and pushing the test button on two separate occasions where the alarm did not go off in the presence of smoke. We are under the belief that when they added the stipulation about reporting the fire alarm that they tampered with the wiring ( they live upstairs and the alarm panel is in their unit) to trigger it on demand in order to get out of the settlement agreement. What should we do now? Should we call the city regulatory authorities who will notify them and give them a chance to fix it or do we call the police? This seems like it is directly endangering our safety and the regulatory authorities website says we should call the police if it directly effects our safety. We don't want to cause drama but we have two young children and this is deeply concerning to us.