I'll keep it as short as possible as this spans 17 years. My husband and I have been together 17 years, married almost 10 yo and we have two children. Our history together is extremely rocky. He has cheated multiple time over roughly 15 years of our relationship. Once with a coworker, multiple friends who were girls with inappropriate texts or pictures sent. Everytime he convinces me to stay. The domestic violence started slowly. First controlling behavior and then progressed into him emotionally, mentally and physically being aggressive which turned violent at times. It turned really bad after our second child was born. The most recent incident was a few weeks ago. It was the worst that he has ever hurt me. He punched me in my face closed fist I think multiple times but I'm not sure. He also choked me. He was arrested for domestic violence battery and it's a misdemeanor. He was drunk and said that he blacked out. I will admit I have never seen him this drunk and outwardly aggressive especially in front of other people. He has never abused me in front of other people. Ultimately, I stayed at our home and when he got out I left. I dont know why I left my children with him. I know I shouldnt have but I did. I was distraught and to be honest I thought I would go back, I always go back.. But once I cleared my head I realized I didnt want to go back. I dont want to live like that anymore. He has crossed so many lines that I just couldn't go back. I fear that i wont get my children back as he has starting being the picture perfect dad. I'm so scared that I wont be able to get my children. He keeps asking me to wait to file for divorce, that he can make it better, he can change. I want to file for divorce and I can financially. Will a judge take my children from me because I left them? I've always been there for them. Ive always been their rock. My oldest says he doesnt want to leave, he is 15. I'm staying with my mom until I can get back into my previous home which is being rented right now. That lease is up as of August this year. I guess I just want to know what I should do. Sorry if this is sporadic and doesnt make sense. I'm pretty worked up right now.