Was looking for some info regarding a housing situation in CA regarding my late mother who passed on March 4 of this year. I moved out and to a new town in Feb of 2019. Id lived at home with my mother for all of my life before I did move away. She was on disability/SSI due to a work related injury she sustained in Jan of 2010. This left her permanently disabled with a neck/spine injury but the state never claimed or declared her as 'permanently or totally disabled" Around June or July 2019, i guess my mother, due to to her financial situation and whatever else I can imagine could not pay her rent and, my mother entered a contract with her landlord in her mobile home park saying something basically saying as far as i know, that she was to vacate the house and property, give the landlords the house and she would recieve 5000 dollars compensation to get started elsewhere and i guess as payment for her house or something. I do believe she did receive the money she was promised in the contract but i am not 100 percent sure. Then after that, i guess 5 or 6 months went by after said contract where she still didn't/wasnt able to pay rent. She committed suicide by overdose on Feb 29 of this year and died in the ICU on March 4. I strongly believe that this situation is a large part of what pushed her to do what she did.  I talked to her landlord over the phone and one of the first things he told me was that provided i pay back what she owed him, i was welcome to move back into her house/mobile home park. The sum of back rent was estimated at 7-8000 USD when i last talked to the landlord. I have received a couple offers to purchase her mobile home from people who already live in the same park. (Which tells me they should already be vetted or whatever to live/rent in the park.) Nothing major, which isn't even what im looking for. It would be enough to pay back the back rent in full and maybe take care of my mother's final expenses, which ive currently had to put in the hands of the county. Id probably have nothing left. I asked the owner if this is something he would be okay with me doing, and he told me that was a different story and he wanted to talk to his lawyer. At one point he did offer me to sign some papers to resolve the debt she owed and relinquish ownership of her place to them. I guess worst case scenario i would be okay with that, but all im trying to do is deal with this situation without hurting. I have many questions, some being, does a contract my now deceased mother signed still apply to me the same way, seeing as im the only next of kin? Do the eviction notices legally apply to me even though im not on the title of her trailer, and can provide proof that i hadnt lived there at the time? Is my best bet just to tuck my tail and do what they say? Or should i attempt to fight this? Thanks in advance for any advice or information.