Me and my wife have a healthy and beautiful 3yr mix daughter named Lynxx. We have been together 10 yrs. Married 5yrs. I was in a severe accident caused by a drunk driver and ended up being hospitalized for almost 2yrs. The state of Illinois helped us get our life back together.. my wife got a job at Amazon. I got disability. The drunk driver had no insurance. I lost most my vision. 6 toes. Left arm ripped off internally. 6 heart attacks. But I pushed hard to get strong enough to come home and take care of my daughter. Things were tight but we made ends meet. I stay home. Take care of Lynxx, cook, clean and take care of our home and child. In our apartment I had told the office that they needed to change our door handle as it could be a risk of my child getting out. Or at least install a chain. As our door handle also unlocks the deadbolt. They said they would get on it. 6mo later.. nothing. Lynxx started opening the door. I told my wife we have to go to home depot and fix this ourselves. Well she had to work and said we will do it tomorrow on her day off. Well next day I lay Lynxx down for a nap. As I had been up since 4am after Lynxx went to sleep I decided to also take a nap. I awoke with people knocking at my door. Lynxx had snuck out. She had also taken off her underwear. She had wet theim. I thanked the people so much for looking out for Lynxx. Then the building manager. The 3rd one in a year. They called the police.  The police came. Checked our apartment.  I explained what happened. He said everything looks good. Just get that chain or latch installed. He said he wasn't any need to file a report with DCFS. He told the manager as such. So she called DCFS and OMG! At first they just wanted us to install a latch.. they came by to do a welfare and inspection of latch. Everything's fine. Then a week goes by. They want me to get a physical as they don't think I am healthy enough to take care of my child. And until the physical is verified my child has to be in out of home care. I had been taking care of Lynxx for over 1yr. It took a bit to get the doctors appointment. No health insurance for me. My wife. Yes. Lynxx. Yes. Me. No. So we now have spent 1k in doctor and daycare cost. The case worker says he is coming over to take Lynxx because I am not complying with the case. I freak out on him. As I told him I had gone to the doctor and he could come over but my child wasn't here. He said now this is criminal. I was hiding my child. I was like no.. she is in daycare and will be starting Kindercare monday. Till this case is closed. I did both things. They said one or the other. I did both and they still were trying to kidnap my child. So the doctor gave me a clean bill of health. Then DCFS says they don't think I am mentality capable. I refer theim to my and my wife's therapist. Fine case closed.. nope. The daycare filed a report to DCFS that they thought my wife was drunk or on drugs. The police come while we are at the library across from kindercare. Me.. I had a bloody Mary with lunch. But my wife had nothing. So she does a breathalyzer.  Blows .000. The police say call was unfounded. But DCFS Has us do drug test. Drug evaluation. Want us to do parenting classes. So now we are behind on rent. We got a friend to watch Lynxx.  We know the test are clean. DCFS called the drug evaluation place and recommended 30 hours of treatment. That's 3 months. I drink like once a week.. yeah... that's not an evaluation. So it has been almost a  month since we took supervised urine tests. They say they are waiting on the results. We also took urine test at the drug evaluation. Both me and my wife were clean. I feel this in part is racially motivated. We are on the brink of loosing our apartment and everything because of this. Can anyone help? Ty.