16M here. Trying to keep this short and simple please bare with me. Basically last week these apartments called my mom(while she was at work mind you) and told her she got the unit. Today was the move in date. We bought furniture thats supposed to be delivered friday and already put in a notice for the place we are at now. Today we begun moving in our boxes full of clothes and shoes and whatnot, while doing an inspection to see if anything was wrong with the place that they can have fixed. When we returned to the office, they tell her that we cannot move in because they need proof of employment. Despite her having proved multiple times that she is indeed employed and able to pay rent. I mean she literally sent them check stubs, had them contact the company and everything. Apparently they need to contact them a second time for "additional missed info". My mom didnt get her move in fee back, despite the fact that we couldnt get in today, and the fact that she signed the lease already. I mean we arent technically moved in yet, so dont they have to give us that money back? They told us it would just take a few hours, they called her back just a few minutes ago and basically we have to wait until the morning to actually see if we can still move in, because the company name on the check stubs doesnt match the name of the company she actually works for? And the place she works for isnt answering calls possibly due to the virus or busy lines. My mother, 1 year old sister and I have to sleep in her damn car as we are supposed to leave our old place TODAY. We have no relatives to stay with, all our family is in California. I dont know shit about law, but cant she sue for emotional distress, and wrongful withholding of her money? Shes seriously fucked up mentally right now as shes been saving for months on top of months just to get us into a decent place. We also cant get the 2,500 she paid for the furniture back, and we have nowhere to store that shit. Shes holding off taking them to court as she wants to see what happens tomorrow, but in the event that she does, what can we sue them for under the circumstances?