Hello all! I'm currently in a blind rage after the head of maintenance for the small company I rent from left after some caulking. A little background information: I've signed a two year lease with a small, family-owned company. The lease began 01/2020 and I signed it at least 10 days beforehand. There were some initial issues that I addressed needed fixing (a doorknob here, door planing there, etc.) and they promised it would get done before I moved in. It was all relatively minor stuff except for some electrical issues. One of the fan/light fixtures didn't work and several outlets as well across two bedrooms and the attic loft. Well, it was hell even getting them to complete all the small stuff. They've done the majority of what I asked, and some stuff I've just decided to go without. I made sure to call/text often but they would usually say they'd be out in a few days (and not show up). I spent most of January painting and trying to prepare the house for moving, but after the second week when this stuff still wasn't getting done I started to get pissed. Now I'm livid. I've been here for a month, paid rent twice (it's always a day or 2 early) and even paid the security deposit 10 days early when I signed the lease. They never call me to update me on anything, I always have to reach out to them and half the time they just give me the run around. I get that the house is just over a hundred years old and has knob and tube wiring which is making this difficult, however whenever I talked to them on the phone previously they've always made it sound like this is an issue they are going to fix or that they are on the brink of a solution. After their designated electrician left and accomplished next to nothing today, I called and they said I would just have to "make do" and that they don't have it in their budget to pay to rewire it right now. Just got off the phone with them again while writing this and they made me 2 offers. 1) $25/mo off rent (which covers the cost of one pet) and brings my monthly payment to $1055. 2) rent to own and pay to have it rewired myself (they said it would be around $2000-3000). Quite frankly I was insulted. I asked for at least $25 off per room ($75 in total) and was immediately rejected. I really want to know if there is any kind of legal action I can take. Any help is appreciated!