I was terminated on May 19, 2020 out of retaliation for stating in a *personal conversation from my personal phone on May 12, 2020 (I had a work phone, too) to my boss that I felt it was best that I start looking for a new job. Upon termination, I was also written a check for a lump sum of $10,000. I asked if the pay off had anything to do with the sexual relations that happened between me and my boss. I was told that what went on in our personal lives was our business, and it was purely out of the goodness of their hearts to help me out. In June of 2019, a group text went out to the entire staff to let them know that the boss and I were seeing each other outside of work during our personal time. I was not included in this group text nor did I give my consent that it was ok to blast my personal life across the company. I found out through my peers in the workplace. I caught hell for months on end from the other women in the office. Extremely inappropriate remarks were made towards me with absolutely no consequences - and the best part is he broke it off with me for the first time a day after that text message was sent. Upon termination, they also stated that no one else had been given a lump sum upon termination before. So I then asked how they were able to terminate me based off a text I sent from my personal phone, where I am simply stating that I felt like I should go to make everyone else happy. They had no answer. Additionally, I have been put on antidepressants, raised the dose twice since (beginning in June 2019), have been put in therapy in which they voluntarily are paying for, and I am a single mother of a 6 yo and 3 yo. I receive no child support, and solely support myself and my kids. I am sure that they were looking for a reason to get rid of me, and hoping I would accept the money as a means to go quietly. This company is worth $50 million. I will not accept what they have offered to "get rid" of me. I have plenty of text messages, pictures, voice recordings, etc to make my case. There have been 2 times I have tried to see someone else, and this was the second time. The first time was in December and I was sent home without pay for a week and was told it was for poor performance. This man has tormented me, and made me feel powerless and helpless for the last year. Last thing - he has already contacted me via text to check in and ask if I was okay... 24 hours after paying me off and terminating me. There are lots of details, but this should paint the picture clear enough to prove that I have a strong case to work with.