My family owns two properties next to one another. Over summer, we met a family who was down on their luck and had no where to go. So, we made a proposal that they could stay in Property A, rent free, if they would just do repairs that it needed at the time. Which they agreed to. We never signed any sort of lease, or other documents stating they were staying there. Come this last month, they had the electric turned off to the property due to an outstanding bill of over $700. The man came to me and asked if he could run an extension cord to Property B for the night until he could figure out what he was doing. I know that I shouldn't have, but they have a teenage daughter, and I'm not a monster. After a few days go by, the cord is still plugged in and my mother, who owns the property told me to unplug it. So I sent them a text and said I had to turn it off. I come home from work, and the extension cord is plugged back in. This time I throw it out of the window into the yard and send him a text saying that he IS TO NOT plug it back in. To make sure, I flip the breaker to the spare room that he was using to connect. A couple days go by and it seems okay. That is, until I come home from work one night and see that there is some tubing extending from my front porch to the ground and I immediately get infuriated. I run inside and look, sure enough, they had placed a small shelf I have in my front porch in view of the outlet and when I removed the covering I found that it, indeed, had been plugged in. I go outside to go next door and the guy is already standing outside. I immediately lay into him about how that is illegal and I have repeatedly told him not to, and they crossed a line and needed to get out immediately. They left for the night, and told me that they would continue getting their items out. They said by the end of the week, but it is only a few days from being a month, and almost none of the things they have outside, are gone. How long do I have to give them until I can secure the property and tell them to not come back?