I am a (19M) from a suburb in Atlanta, GA, and I am a first-year at a college in Atlanta (if clarification needed on what college it is, I can edit this as well). The day before the final exam (the final occurred on 4/29/2020) for one of my computer science classes, my professor emailed me that there has been an incident of 'unauthorized collaboration', and she forwarded it to the student integrity office (I missed this email and didn't find out about it until 5/4/2020). I proceeded to take the final exam, unaware this email was sent to me. Then, on 5/3/2020, I received an email from my school's academic integrity office that I was accused of 'unauthorized collaboration' during my final exam, and that I could either admit to cheating (and receive a 0 on the final and an academic warning) or appeal the accusation. Knowing my innocence and that I did the test honestly, I chose to appeal the accusation. Analyzing what happened before I took my final, the only suspicion I have as to why I might have been accused could have something to do with my study group's group chat. I also have contacted an attorney in the metro Atlanta area who happens to have dealt with academic integrity cases at my school. According to this attorney's previous dealings with my school, even though I may be really innocent, the academic integrity office at my school usually tries as best as possible to make the student in question guilty, sometimes even going to unnecessarily intimidating extremes just to preserve my school's name. This attorney also claims a very high success rate in dealing with these cases, usually not lasting longer than 2 months and with favorable outcomes (either proven innocent or a reduced punishment if guilty). However, unsurprisingly, said attorney would be quite expensive to me, costing at least $3500. At the same time, I am under a full-tuition scholarship (Zell Miller) and the Pell Grant for attending my school, and if I am proven guilty somehow, I would lose a good amount (if not all) of my tuition scholarship and possibly some of my Pell Grant, meaning I lose at least $5000 up to almost $15000. My question to you guys is should I hire this attorney, or would I able to face this by myself (with the advice of my parents)? Thank you so much!