I am seeking advice on how to begin challenging adoption laws in the state of Missouri. A bit of background: Over a decade ago, I was in a relationship where I was subjected to intimate partner rape (sex forced on me during my sleep), then when I would wake up and protest, my partner ("Abuser" from here on out) would tell me I "wanted it." I knew Abuser's story did not feel right, but unfortunately, the person I trusted and sought help from, essentially told me what was happening was "normal," and called it "young passion." I was young, naive, and trusting, so I continued on in the relationship for a few months longer. Abuser and I met during the springtime, and that fall Abuser went away to college, so thankfully our physical encounters were limited. However, during winter break, it became abundantly clear the kind of person Abuser was: an alcoholic, covert drug addict, physically aggressive (but extra careful to not actually lay a hand on me; throwing things, punching walls, destroying property, threatening to hit, etc), emotionally unstable, controlling, manipulative, and a pathological liar. As soon as Abuser was back at college, and I was safe, I ended the relationship. However, one evening Abuser showed up at my house, asking to crash at my place, claiming the ride back to college left Abuser there, and had nowhere else to go. I was an idiot, and allowed Abuser in. This allowed Abuser to assault me again. Full disclosure: I had had an abortion early in our relationship (3rd month-ish, I believe), and I had already had a child from a previous relationship. After the abortion, I had told Abuser I would never do that again. After 10 years of intense therapy, I fully believe that Abuser raped me with the intent of getting back at me for three reasons: 1) Retaliation for the abortion, 2) to gain control over me, because I had a child from a previous relationship, but I had told Abuser I did not want to have another child out of wedlock, and 3) to get rid of my ex-boyfriend, who had reached out to me after Abuser and I broke up (Abuser was insanely jealous of throughout our relationship of this ex, even though ex and I were not in communication with each other during Abuser and I's relationship). I have no doubt now that he wanted to punish me, trap me, and to get my ex out of the picture for good. Upon finding out I was pregnant I panicked. I knew right away I, personally, was in no way able to care for another child, and I knew Abuser was not the best candidate for fatherhood, so I immediately began to contemplate adoption. I had information that an adoption agency would require that Abuser be notified, so I told him I was pregnant. I told him when the first doctor's appointment was, and asked him not to come, but that I would follow up with him afterward. He showed up, harassed me, and when the staff noticed, they notified the Doctor. The Doctor's first words as she entered the room (the very first time I ever laid eyes on her, mind you) were directed at Abuser, "I am going to need to ask you to step out for a moment." She immediately asked me if Abuser was welcomed there, and I explained I was not feeling safe. She had her staff forcibly remove Abuser (I could here him protesting in the hallway/waiting room from the exam room). I left that appointment with paperwork for adoption agencies. I began the adoption process right at the second trimester, and the first thing they told me was that I needed to notify Abuser that I planned on adopting, so the agency's lawyer sent notification immediately. I had no direct contact with Abuser after that initial doctor appointment. I worked closely with the adoption agency over the next 6 months, and I had selected a family to place the baby. Then 2 days before the baby's due date, I received a $200 check, and a letter stating Abuser was contesting the adoption. In the state of Missouri, all that is needed to stop an adoption is an expression of interest, and financial support; no matter when, or how much, is provided. The adoption agency pulled out as soon as I notified them of the letter I received, and I was left scrambling to figure out how to prepare to care for a child with no clothing, cribs, bottles, car seat, etc. Abuser's solution to this was to sign over all rights to the baby. Given his unstable nature, and lack of interest in the child up to that point, I knew he would be an unfit father, and there was no way I was going to put the child in danger. I decided to keep the baby. Out of fear of the financial repercussions of being a single mother, coupled with the statistics of children from broken homes, I tried to work out a relationship with the father (which led to a second child being conceived in a similarly deceitful manner as the first). Fast forward to today: The father has been largely absent. Prior to Abuser's leaving, he rarely took the babies for his visitations, and when he did, it was met with arguments and attempts to control me. For example, we established an every other weekend schedule; Abuser would "play nice" during my time with babies (phone calls, stop by for a visit, etc.), but as soon as Abuser's weekend was nearing, he would disappear, and would not answer phone calls, or return calls to set up an exchange time. I was with the children 100% of the time, as on the rare occasions he "took" them for his weekend, he invited me over, too, so I was ultimately the one caring for the children. He moved across the county before the baby I placed for adoption was 2 years old. From the time he moved, until I took Abuser to court when the baby was 7 years old, Abuser supplied no financial support, and only saw the children a handful of times (his sisters lived in the area, and I attempted to maintain a relationship with them for the children's sake). There was a point where I was working full time, and after paying daycare, I only had $60 left to live on each month. I returned to college, so I would have money to survive, with the help of student loans. I pleaded with him, and his parents to send any thing; money, diapers, formula, anything, but they always had an excuse, or blamed me for not signing the baby over when I had the chance. Abuser would belittle me for working full time, and called me a "bad mother for putting the kids in daycare all day," but as soon as I went to part time to attend school, I became a bad mom for not working full time. Even after court, Abuser has been nothing but trouble. The original parental agreement granted me sole legal custody, and joint physical custody. He has defied several of the parental agreement orders, and has exercised his parenting time minimally (which always has some "exciting" twists involved). He referred to the custody agreement as "garbage," and stated he does not have to follow it when I have challenged him on his actions. The following are issues I had that caused me to take him back to court for a modification: He does not return the children at the agreed upon time (either later, or days earlier). He refuses the children their personal phones while with him; the children state that he and his parents take them and hide them from them. He does not return the children's items when they come home. He does not provide proper notification of his intended visitation. He has taken the children out of state without proper notification (most recently, he took the children to Disney World, and the night before they left, the second child searched the home for her phone, called me in hysterics, informed me of the trip, and begged me to come pick them up. The child wanted to come home, rather than go to Disney World. That should be VERY telling). He told the children not to tell me, that it was "their secret." He notified me after he found out I was contacted; less than 12 hours before the flight. I was 2 hours into my drive to them, when I found a lawyer who essentially told me there was nothing I could do until he did not return the kids to me on the previously agreed upon date. He has done so much damage to the children, the accounts would double the length of this already long post. Suffice it to say, the youngest would have rather passed on Disney, and hates Abuser, and Abuser has the oldest on the verge of an eating disorder since their last visit, because he taunted the child about their weight (child was not anywhere near overweight). We just finalized the modification last fall, and the month after court ended, he lost his job and stopped paying child support. After he secured employment, he did not notify me, until long after the fact, and he refused to insure the children, even though the order states Abuser is to carry insurance. He gave me the runaround any time I would ask if he made a child support payment, and after months of non-payment, I sought enforcement. He has talked to the children less than 5 times since court finalized, and has not returned several of their calls. He has not responded to any of my correspondences regarding the children in over 4 months, and has not exercised any of his visitations since court ended. I have spent well over $20,000 on court costs alone in the last 5 years, and I have been told it will take at least one more round in court to strip him of his rights. After years of therapy, I have been diagnosed with PTSD due my exposure to Abuser. I am beyond angry that the system failed letting me have a voice back when I placed the child for adoption; I had NO say once Abuser decided to send the check. I did not have time to even express why I chose adoption. I was not given the chance to explain all of the above. I was not able to explain that I was not in a position financially to care for another child, and that I vehemently felt that Abuser was not going to be a fit father. Abuser's only interest in the children is to control and abuse me. He has been able to continue his abuse without consequence. I want change: for myself, for other women with similar stories, and for any women who may face similar stories in the future. I want stricter laws for stopping an adoption- more interest in the child in the form of emotional, physical, and financial support during pregnancy. I want protection for women from their exes, should an adoption be stopped, if necessary. Generally, speaking, I don't think women opt for adoption without good cause. I want the ability to seek damages should the father exercise his right to stop an adoption, but then walk out because things are harder than he imagined. I am finally not afraid to use my voice. Where do I start? Recommendations on resources, or groups to contact are appreciated.