In November my mother accidentally poked her left with the branch of her plant that she was moving. A couple days later after the incident my mother went to a local eye doctor to check her eye to make sure their wasn't any sever damage or a piece of the plant that might have ended up being stuck inside. Her doctor told her that aside from a small scratch, their was nothing there and nothing to be worried about but to check back within a couple of months. Fast forward to February 19th. My mother went to the same doctor to check her eye once more as had been planned.Once more the doctor told her that there were no serious eye problems but gave her Refresh Relieva Lubricant Eye Drops. The following day my mother started experience slight discomfort and a gradually growing pain within her left eye(eye that suffered the initial trauma) which continued to grow stronger to a point that over the weekend, my mother's eye was swollen, tearing, red, and had a sharp pain from any sunlight. Due to the nature and circumstances surrounding my mother's work, she couldn't go back to the eye doctor on the 20th or 21st. Now on Monday 23rd, she was able to make another visit and she was informed by the same doctor that she had an eye infection. The doctor told my mother that she might need to go to a special eye hospital, but gave her different eye drops to see what would happen. He specifically told her that this wasn't an infection that could potentially leave my mother blind in one eye. She spent the next couple of days going to the same doctor who told her that their was gradual improvement, while my mother did feel slightly better with some of the swelling going down until the  3rd of March. My mother decided to see a different doctor within our area. The other doctor that my mother went for a second opinion ended up sending my mother to a local Eye treatment center immediately after the first few minutes. She went to the eye treatment center where she was informed that she had a very serious infection that if it was untreated could lead to permanent blindness in her left eye. She was prescribed two special eye drops that she would have to take within every hour when she was awake and these eye drops could only be obtained within a few selected pharmacies in Center City Philadelphia. My mother has experienced sever pain and was not able to go to work due to the eye infection. My mother is currently undergoing treatment but i would like to know if it would be possible to hold the eye doctor for causing the infection or down playing the severity of the infection