Kind of long but here goes. I have horrible next door neighbors. It has been fine up until about a month ago or more. I have a 12yo daughter and they have a 7 year old son and they don't get along. Basically any time his older cousin comes over she tries to play with my daughter and the son wants to tag along and he's annoying. They would do nothing but argue so I told them both to just leave each other alone. It's worth mentioning that this 7yo kid is outside all day every day unsupervised. It's been over a month and I've made sure my daughter has had no contact with any of them, not even eye contact or touching OUR fence that separates the properties. This kid also has a history of violent tendencies, like leaving a dead rat on our front porch. So despite having no contact, there has been things like him throwing a full sized brick at our house. I asked the mom to make sure he stopped doing things like this. She talked to him about not crossing the property line and went back inside. He's also stolen property out of spite off our porch and the parents refused to give it back. So since she didn't seem concerned or do anything about her son throwing a brick at anything, let alone a house, I called the police. I have been in contact with them every time there's any borderline activity. They keep telling me to keep reporting anything and everything. I feel annoying having to do it too but I guess it's important to keep record of it. So besides the random vandalism from the 7 year old, the parents seem to be either trying to instigate things or just extremely childish? Like mocking things she says to her friends from the front yard. The other day my daughter told their dogs to shut up because they have 5 untrained dogs that bark at literally everything. The mom started yelling from inside saying, "I am NOT in the mood today! I will bust her ass up!" The police said since it was not directly to me or my daughter and just overheard, it's not considered a threat. Today she tells me they've been outside taking video of her all day in her own yard. They are obviously doing things that toe the line of being illegal, and I'm not sure why as we have not had any contact with them whatsoever. Is there anything I can do that I'm not thinking of? I just want peace and quiet and for my daughter to not feel uncomfortable or even scared on her own property.