Sorry. I’m on mobile. This is in California. I’m a long distance caregiver to my elderly parents, now staying with them after my mom, 82, was hit by a car and broke her hip. Dad is 88 and getting very frail. They live next to a creek that the neighbor owns. He has a pool that is not fenced in and he has in the past tried to fence in the creek instead, but my dad warned him that the creek floods and previous fences have washed away. Dad made him put up a temporary chain between two fence posts known to demarcate the property line when he installed a fence many years ago, and asked him to build the fence along the chain line/property line. This pissed the neighbor off because the line is right next to the creek and hard to build on.  Then the fence got destroyed by heavy rain and apparently some tree debris fell on part of it. My dad and the neighbor got into a big fight and my dad said he deferred it all to the insurance company, which the neighbor has the same. My dad is too frail to walk out there now. I’ve been talking to the neighbor and it sounds like he has a lot of animosity towards my dad. He is planning to put up a new fence and is blaming my dad for the previous one failing. The neighbor keeps saying things like he is going to hire a cheap surveyor to tell him where the property line is (tell him it’s okay to move the line) and then If dad disputes it, he will have to spend a lot of money for a real surveyor and attorneys to get him to move the fence. He also said he thinks my dad does not have long to live. This is complicated by the fact that the creek has eroded and now it is starting to go on our side of the property line in one spot. The neighbor seems adamant that this is all his creek. I’m afraid he is going to encroach on my parents property when they are vulnerable and don’t know what to do. I don’t know for sure where the property line is. Dad has offered to split the cost of a legitimate surveyor but the neighbor wants to use his own, which sounds a little bit dicey. I don’t own the property but it is in a family trust.