So I hired an attorney for my divorce and child custody agreement case in June of 2018. We went to the custody hearing in August 2018 and he told me that for our child support hearing it would be best to schedule another appearance instead of handling it in one day. So that was scheduled for November. I didn’t actually know the date until I called the office one day and then was made aware that that attorney had quit the firm. Another attorney was taking over my case is what I was told and I was given no option to choose to keep the firm or not. She then proceeded to charge me for her to review the case files. Something I had already paid the previous attorney to do that had quit. So I had discussed with the female attorney that I would like my ex husband to pay for my legal fees since he was the one whom filed all the paperwork and started the hassle of our custody agreement (was trying to take full custody so he wouldn’t have to pay child support, which the judge agreed was not in best interest of the child). The lady attorney never tried to recover any attorney fees, and she also has never fully finalized my divorce. It is February 2020 and I hired them in June 2018 for a simple divorce that entails zero property disputes. I never signed any paperwork agreeing to have her represent me and she still hasn’t finished her job but keeps saying that I owe them money. The main attorney for the firm even called to basically threaten me and say that he is going to file to withdraw from being my attorney and I will get charged more fees unless I sign an attorney substitution form. On this form it is releasing the original attorney who quit the firm over a year ago, not the female attorney. I will be filing a mandatory fee arbitration against the firm, but my question is should I sign the paper releasing the first attorney I had or should I let them file it with the court? I feel like the fact that I never actually hired the female attorney and that they are charging me double fees because one attorney quit and the female attorney charged me to review the case and file paperwork the male attorney already filed is just not on the up and up to what is going on. If anyone has any advice please let me know.. Location California