I had the most exhausting, frustrating, emotionally depleting day fighting in Washington State for my son's education. I filed a complaint with the OSPI for our state just before COVID because the district my son attends. This district just so happens to be the #2 top District in WA State and district that serves thousands of Microsoft families. Why is it that my son does not matter. For the past 7 years no one has been paying attention to the data they share on African-American, low-income, and disabled. the districts' equity issues continue year after year and the numbers grow. I have been fighting since my son was a seventh-grader because he was not making progress in reading. Now he is in 11th grade and will be a senior next year. He reads on a second-grade level and they refuse to test him for dyslexia, have declined our request for outside tutoring because at this rate he will not meet his transition goals of attending a local life skills program, that has a requirement of fourth grade reading. This is educating all kids. Anyone with some insights into people or organizations that might be able to assist me in helping my son. Below is a link to their last board meeting held this past Monday in which they gave little to no information about what they are going to do with the students who were not being served before COVID and need to be the priority when school resumes. I also am a para-educator for the same district and I feel like I am being retaliated against for fighting for my son and for reporting on a teacher several years back whom I witnessed use an improper restraint. So I am also looking for an employer legal advice in terms of whistleblowing and protection. When I reported it, I had union representation, but that union rep, his wife used to work for the district, I forgot to mention there is endless cronyism taking place in the district. This district is failing its students, it has had high incidents of suicides this year which perhaps could have been prevented if the district cared about mental health, the same district where a disabled student was sodomized with a broomstick by five football players. Its the same district that always ends up on our local King 5 news for equity issues and failing to catch struggling readers........................thanks in advance for any advice/help/direction you might be able to offer up.