Hi all. I have not posted on here before but I, and a couple of other students are extremely stressed. About three weeks ago when the coronavirus issue began to worsen here in the States, my university sent out an email. The email stated that all on campus housing would be closing, and that residents would need to move asap. I live in on-campus apartments that are privately owned but still associated with the university as student housing. When the president of our school sent out this email, I waited about a week before I moved out. (I was out of town, back home, four hours away on spring break vacation) I did this because my housing sent out a text, letting us know they would send out an email soon regarding the info on moving out, payments, etc. Days went by, and they never sent out an email, only a survey (that some residents didn’t receive) asking us whether we planned on moving out and if so, when, and then to explain our situation. I have been hearing different things from different students and residents through our building groupchat. I finally drove up there last week to move out because my city now has a shelter in place. I left my keys in an envelope, filled out some paperwork signing when I was moving out, and left all that info my room like my RA had told us to do so. About two days ago the housing sent out a mass email, reminding us that rent is due on the first. Many people have tried calling and emailing, but we never get a response. A girl in my building called earlier today and was told that she is going to be charged because she never applied for a “lease cancellation”. Earlier this year, I had tried to terminate my lease, but they said there were only two ways that would be possible: if I was active duty and being deployed, or if I dropped out of my university. Many of the residents (myself included) are extremely frustrated and unsure of what to do. When I try and request a lease cancellation they give me the run around, saying they don’t know where that form would be. Due to our current situation, I cannot afford to pay rent in a place I am no longer living at. We have created a petition in hopes that some change will come, but I am curious if there is anything else that can be done?