This goes back to summer of 2019 I [18M] was at a kickback/party where there was underage drinking occurring and police somehow found there way into the house I hadn’t been drinking but the police decided to gather all about 20 of us up and put us in vans to take us to a police station where they took all of our names and said they would issue citations. We were all heading off for college so the scheduled court day was on thanksgiving break. It’s a tiny courthouse so all 20 with our parents and the court staff pretty much filled the entire building. We weren’t even given a trial just handed papers that told us that we were assigned to 40 hours of community service although some of the people got assigned less 15,30 etc. This was a conditional guilty plea so if we completed the community service and paid the 40 dollar fee it would be found as not guilty and not be on our records. The community service was to be completed through the traditional county community service and the dates were throughout November and December. This was problematic because at this time I was in school 6 hours away. We told the judge this and he told us to go the community service office about 30 mins away to have the dates changed. I changed the dates to when I would be on winter break. However while still at school nearing winter break I had the idea to call the court and ask if I could do my service somewhere else because there’s a fire department near my house that would let me do it there. The location of community service was about 25 mins from me and I had no reasonable way of transportation to get there at 7 in the morning. The lady on the phone told me she believed this would be okay and I completed 40 hours at the fire department. I was then called by her informed that my community service from there would not be accepted and had to be completed through the county. This was obviously frustrating but I didn’t know what else to do so I called the community service place and started to do the community service. The issue here was that I had 4 days until I had to go back to college 6 hours away and the community service lasts only 8 hours so I was only able to complete 32 hours. While at school I called the court several times to try and find a way to complete the remaining at my college but was eventually literally hung up on and told that if it was not complete a trial would be conducted in my absence with a guilty plea. However if I finished it I wouldn’t need to come to trial. So I got a rental car and proceeded to drive 250 miles back home in order to finish the community service paid the 40 dollar fee and then drove 250 miles back to school. This ran me in total about 300 dollars, it was more expensive because I’m under 24 and considered a new driver. I thought this was the end of it however about 2.5 months later I receive a letter in the mail saying a trial had been conducted in my absence and I’ve been found guilty and ordered to pay a 460 dollar fine. I have no money because the my job is closed due to covid 19 and the courthouse is closed for the same reason I’ve even tried calling but no one picks up. On the letter it says if I don’t pay the fee a warrant WILL be issued for my arrest. I’m currently a nursing major and have spent my time at a hospital helping the Covid patients that come in, if I’m arrested while I’m at the hospital I’ll have no chance of being hired there. I don’t know what to do.