Ok, so I'm 17 years old, in high school, and me and my friend were walking back home from a safeway.  We just had an intense uphill race, so we decided to lay low for a bit and lie down on the grass. My homie wanted me to take a pic of him to upload to instagram, and we did. (The importance of this will come into play later.) So then, post upload, we walked up another hill, and then collapsed again. I was pretty out of it, but then I saw two girls who looked to be about my age conversing a couple hundred yards away, and I really didn't pay it too much mind. My friend just asked me simply if they went to our school, which I couldn't tell, I didn't have my glasses on so I legit just said "I don't know". So then after that, we just continued our walk back home, I sent a couple of snaps to my streaks and all was well, until this happened. So some girl that my friend had a crush on just snapped me out of the blue, completely random, so I snapped back. She snapped back again with an angry face, and I didn't really care, I respond to everyone who snaps me. Then right when I get home I'm met with a "why were you outside my house". I go into a wtf mode, and reply "what are you even talking about?" She replies "You and your friend were outside my house, I saw you next to me on my snap map, what were you doing?" I said "I don't know where your house is what can I really even say about this". So then I lay it low for a little while and I posted to my spam account on insta, something along the lines of "People get condescending sometimes." So next thing I know she writes me a whole paragraph about me "harrassing her" and all this other bs, and then says I was "lurking". My initial reaction was just ignore her she's crazy, but then I had the idea of apologizing, idk why. I said "look i'm really sorry for whatever it is you think I did, can you please leave me alone", and she replied something, but I didn't have time to read it, so I went to bed. I wake up with an instagram story response of "why were you stalking so and so", and I phone up my friend. Apparently he's getting the same kind of bullshit responses too. During football practice, this meaty hunk of a linebacker comes up to me and says "Leave so and so alone, stop stalking her". I said "what the hell?" And then he said "If you don't leave her alone I will beat you up, I said she needs to leave me alone, keep in mind everyone on my team lowkey has a crush on her. So this other kid, who hates me for some reason, and believe me the feeling is mutual, just a major douchebag pushes me and says "leave her alone, hop off her dick" and I push him back and say "I'M NOT DOING ANYTHING TO THAT BITCH" and he backs off. I get endless messages everyday talking about me stalking her, she told the whole volleyball team, and someone put the idea in her head about calling the cops. SHE SAW ME ON A FREAKIN SNAP MAP AND THINKS I'M STALKING HER!!!!!!!!!! So it's goin the same for a couple days and then during a basketball game she is crowded around by her friends and ALL OF THEM ARE GIVING ME WEIRD LOOKS for some reason. I pay no mind to her until the hunky linebacker from before asks for my game pass. I lend it to him, and he gives it back, but apparently she's so scared of me he has to calm her down. So then I get even more "stop stalking her messages, sh's gonna take this to the resource officer" messages, and to add insult to injury I have the same 7th period class with her, and I just goof round with my friends for the most part but then mr. hefty linebacker comes up again with a "final warning", for me to "stop staring at her".... Like WHAT DO Y'ALL NOT UNDERSTAND I WANT NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS PSYCHO. She asked the teacher to be moved so she did and I didn't care, but it's endless torment again cause she's telling people I "look through her window" even though I haven't been through that neighborhood in weeks now. And as for the instagram post????? Apparently she's super creeped out cause that was allegedly near her house. Oh, and her friends are hopping on this train of scapegoating me, they're also saying I harass them, though I've never talked to them a single microsecond in my life The school officer has notified my parents of potential pending charges and idk what to do anymore, my cousin's an attorney, so I guess I'll be calling him. Anyways I just want reddit's 2 cents on this whole issue feel free to ask me any questions, I'll surely answer cause I'm in quarantine and this happened a while back, but the stories still continue, and I'm still awaiting charges, cause her parents. Thank y'all, and goodbye