I'm sorry if this post is confusing but I'm completely lost as to what I'm going through and need advice badly. I'll start from the beginning. I was arrested in 2016 for a distribution of LSD. I received a deferred sentence in TN of six years. In 2017 I caught a federal case for MDMA. I received 24 months on that. I was on pretrial release and during that my p.o. violated me and I went in bailed out. In 2018 I changed my plea to guilty in the fed case and was taken into custody. While I was in prison I was trying to get my state attorney to handle my revocation case so I could get halfway house time through the feds since you aren't eligible if you have pending charges. He said it was taken care of don't worry about it. Apparently as long as I payed my court costs for that charge it would be dismissed. I had already paid them and had to have a relative take the receipt to them and they mysteriously found their copy and all was well...so I thought. I get out and am in a halfway house till August when my federal sentence is complete. Then starts my three years probation. My federal p.o. made contact with me this week and asked about the state case. I told him it was settled and I didn't have anything going on with it and he told me to check it and just make sure because he hadn't looked into anything yet he was just touching base. So I decide to look. Online it says I'm in TDOC and am on probation until 2025. I talked to my federal attorney and he said if anything my state case should have ran concurrent or the revocation just dropped and not restarted but to contact my lawyer for the state case. I tried but was unable to reach him before he left the office. I'm currently freaking out though. I was under the assumption the state case was over with. Apparently they just restarted my time? I have a paper that says amended judgement six years county jail then below it says six years supervised probation amended sentence, 3000 court costs, 200 hrs community service. Wtf is going on? Does this mean that my lawyer "handling" the case was him getting the six years restarted in 2019 whereas it originally started in 2016? Why do I have 3000 dollars in court costs for a court date I wasn't at since I was in federal prison and 200 hours community service? I paid 3800 in 2016 and did the 200 hours then. Is it legal for them to restart my probation and fine me again and give me community service? This seems like a huge money racket and if this is the case a massive blow to my morale. I'm trying to start a new life out of prison. I finished my degree from the University of Tennessee while on pretrial and was really looking forward to a fresh start when my federal sentence is up in august. Was expecting the three years federal paper but if you do half of them and are doing good they release you. Now I have to do five more years of state probation too and spend time doing community service? Plus spend 3000 that I don't have while trying to get on my feet. What can I do about this, anything? Is there anyway to get off of probation early in TN or at least get it moved to unsupervised?