So I have found myself in a bit of a situation here. I will try to list all details that I can. From late December of 2018 to early January, I was living in a rented house with three other roommates. My friend would come over frequently to hang out. At some point during the summer, he purchased a drum kit and asked if he could store it at my house because having it at his apartment would cause noise complaints. I said this was fine and the drum kit was placed in a room right beside the one in which i slept (the basement). Come this January, I decided to move out and relocate to upstate New York from Georgia. My reason for doing this was because the lease was finishing up from the house, and my girlfriend and I agreed to move here to stay with her family. We got a moving truck and began packing everything. Over the course of about 2 days, we had everything loaded into the truck and we made our way to New York. I let my friend know that the drumkit (along with 2 other belongings) have all been left in the side-room. Upon coming to my previous house, none of my roommates would answer his calls or let him in. The next day, he gets ahold of one of my friends (we’ll refer to him as James). He said that when i left, the basement was empty and all that was left was a mop bucket. The friend who had the drum kit (Donald) would be told he can come back later and look for it. Donald did this and found nothing in the house. He talked to Mike (one of the other roommates) and he said the basement was empty; though this conversation was brief and over the phone. The last roommate (Greg) talked to Donald and recited the same line. So at this point, one by one all of my previous roommates are accusing me of taking my friends drumkit. Donald and I have been in frequent contact discussing this matter, but I don’t know what else to do. I did not move, sell, or dispose of any of his belongings. I even urged him to file a police report numerous times and he now has done so. Not only do i have 4 witnesses, 1 who was with me when i left and saw the drums/belongings in the house, and the rest who helped me move all of my belongings into my new house, but i also have video recording of both the empty room right before I left with all of his belongings in tact. Not to mention that James helped me move the last piece of furniture into our moving truck and would’ve seen a drum kit in there if i altered it’s location. This whole ordeal has been extremely fleshed out from my end. I have co-operated with Donald with no hesitation because I want to find out who ACTUALLY took his drumkit, who is being dishonest, and to clear my name and be done with this. At this point, I just would like any sort of advice any of you could offer. I apologize if this post is vague, but there are a lot of key facets to this issue that I could better answer if specifically asked (ie. for dates, photos, whereabouts, statements). I want this to be concluded in order for my friend to get justice, and for me to be able to move on with my life and not have this burden the entirety of every moment from here on out. Thank you.