Sorry for the bad title. My friend is a 16 year old male who is on the street right now during this pandemic because of a household incident that stemmed from ongoing issues. He goes to a highly ranked high school in our state and is fairly smart, however, he does smoke weed often and is experimental with other substances. At the same time, his parents also smoke weed regularly. He’s been caught numerous times and his parents no longer seem to care enough to punish him each time. On the other hand, they also have seemed to target him in the household. His mom will come in plenty of times at night and yell at him to stop screaming when he is speaking low or even says he is yelling when he isn’t even speaking. In this instance, he went to go pour a bowl of cereal at 3:00 in the morning. He spilled milk on the floor and his mom came out yelling at him. She had recently found out that he had tried MDMA so she called him a junkie and a disgrace to the household. Aggravated, my friend made remarks about his stepdad who then came out and proceeded to press my friend. He put his hands on my friend so my friend pushed him away. His stepdad proceeded to start a scuffle while his mom jumped on him and tried to pull him down. Both his mom and stepdad and sister (who didn’t even see the incident) all say they will lie to the cops and get him arrested for assault. They also called his real dad (who has a criminal record of 7+ years) to come and “put him in his place.” My friend immediately left before they could stop him but he doesn’t know where to go. If he reports it to the police, it will be a 4 v 1 in terms of the recollection of the incident and the cops will most likely side with them because his stepdad is a criminal court judge. In the past, when he has ran away, his parents have specifically targeted his phone to make sure he couldn’t leave with it. In the last incident, his real father came to pick him up at high school after the school was notified he had been away from home for a week. He dragged him out of the school and threatened to fight in the street. My friend was secretly recording and his father saw so he got worried and snatched it (can go back to jail for numerous more years). Obviously, his parents are giving false accounts but my friend really has no evidence against them except his word and a couple of screenshots of text messages or arguments with his mother where she is acting very immature and threatens for her brother to “put him in his place.” Is he screwed?