Okay so this situation seems super weird to me but I'm not familiar with what is normal as far as renting goes.  My husband and I just signed a lease for a 2 br town house.  We have a 2yo and I'm due with our second on 8/4.  When we first viewed the place we noticed some roaches but figured it had been empty for a while and maybe the landlord hadn't sprayed recently since no one was living there.  We decided to go ahead and take it because we really didn't have any other options and need to move ASAP.  Previously we had discussed rent being $575, when we signed the lease he didn't really go over it because we had talked about it previously so he just flipped it to where we sign so I didn't read it.  I know this was stupid but as I said it was this place or nothing.  Later I noticed the lease said rent was $590, I text him to clarify and he said he told me wrong and it was $590.  I'm not into it but I said okay.  He also asked us to leave the door unlocked so the cleaners could come in but to lock it once we start bringing our stuff. After it was "cleaned" we still found a bunch of dead roaches in cabinets and live ones as well over the past week and keep finding more when we go back. We also have a broken fridge that he said he would replace in a few days and it's been almost a week now. We aren't officially moving in until this Saturday but I'm worried it won't be replaced by then. We did another inspection with him not there and noticed that our keys didn't work on the deadbolt or the back door at all and that the locks were broken off the upstairs windows.  I text him about this as well and he said that our keys aren't suppose to work on those as that's how he can tell if someone is home and he's done that for years.  This really makes me uncomfortable as I don't like leaving the deadbolt unlocked when we aren't there but also because as my daughter gets taller she could totally turn the deadbolt and lock us out if I step outside for a minute and I have no way back in.  Not that I leave her inside alone a lot but I may if I check the mail or take the trash out or something.  Is that legal?  It's weird at least right? Do I have any kind of wiggle room from this to break the lease or address this legally? I really don't like not having a deadbolt key but I'm also really worried that there is a serious roach infestation.