so my sister and her boyfriend decided that because i was playing music at 12:20pm noonish on sunday and after 2 songs it woke them up. im disabled and forced to live at home i have severe daily pain and many health issues that she knows about it. I had been puking violently that morning for a few hours and felt likr putting a couple songs on to.cheer me up. she broke down my door literally and started hitting me and scratching me.  she told me she hopes im sick forever and that shes glad im suffering. she kept tearing at my neck and ripped one of my favorite shirt s in half and in the heat of the moment I said im gonna kill you. i have no history of violence ive never attacked anyone let alone a girl i was just pissed. she starts freaking out saying he says hes gonna kill me i said no im not calm the fuck down what is wrong with you. i kept saying calm down over and over. she had gone into the kitchen that has a glass door and i was standing infront of it so she would feel safe i guess. i didnt try to open it or anything. then she smashed the glass door into my face as hard as she could right between the eyes i have a huge bruise. she tried again and then i pushed past the door. grabbed her hands and kept yelling calm down stop over and over. i put her into a corner and slid her down the wall. i did at no point strike her or make any attempts to. right when ive got her calmed down and im backing off her boyfriend comes up and gives me a full nelson. i pushed him off me and told him to watch it but the damage was done i was hit.in a car accident 3 years ago that im also involved in sueing the drivers as i was basically tboned as a passenger ive been in chrio for 3 years and now my back is all fucked up again. i dont even have a door to my room its literally on the floor. im staying with family but now i have to leave because they are fucked. like my sister has borderline personality disorder and a history of attacking people in their sleep with scissors. shes only back here becauee she assaulted her boyfriend so much his dad kicked her out.. when i told my family i wanted to press charges my dad tried to have me thrown out of the house and said he was going to throw all my stuff in the street and that it was my fault for not turning down my music enough even though it was 50% and i moved it to 40% but because i was singing along I deserved to be assaulted and clawed up? yes according to my father who said im a beligerant asshole and that just because i vomit 10x a day doesnt mean i get to be a beligerant asshole which i  guess is code for listening to two songs after vomitting on a sunday afternoon. im basically disowning my entire family after this. i want to press charges on the guy for assault cuz i was literally yelling calm down and stop fighting over and over when he full nelson'd me. Can I get fucked over for saying im gonna kill you in anger even though i have a clean record and no violent past and literally had my fucking locked door smashed in and my shirt torn to pieces? just dont want to get a threat charge or something