My aunt basically keeps falsely reporting to the police that they're abusing my grandparent. She has basically no evidence about it and in the past, she has done similar. The police found no evidence and closed it as a false claim. Recently my grandparent died at the hospital and now my aunt accused my parents of abusing them when my parents have literally done everything to help my grandparent while my aunt has done nothing and even refused to take them under her care even she is more financially stable than we are to help my grandparent. My aunt won't even help pay for the hospital bills nor the funeral costs and has now accused my parents of mistreating my grandparent when my aunt hasn't even seen them or us in years. My aunt is the type to just makeup BS and talks shit about our family to our relatives and makeup stories just to put dirt on us and try to cause drama. Now she is trying to get my parents arrested. she reported to the police that my grandparent was being abused under my parent's care which my aunt is claiming is the reason she was in the hospital. An investigator called my parents a few days ago and is scheduled to meet with the investigator and tell him their side of the story in a few days. We don't really have the money for a lawyer so is there anything we can do that can help ensure my parents won't get falsely arrested or at least something they can do so the police won't twist their words? I had the idea that when they go to meet the investigator they just give the investigator a pre-typed note about their side of the story to clear things up and not answer any questions so they can't cherry-pick what my parents say. idk if that's a good idea though or if there is anything else we can do because i know my aunt has the money to hire a lawyer while we don't and now that my grandparent isnt alive they cant tell the police its just BS. So idk if there is anything we can do so we don't have to spend money on a lawyer and just help close this case since money is already kind of short. Thanks in advance.