My dad recently died inside his house, the house isn’t in his name and the guy’s wife who’s name is on the deed won’t let us inside. 
My dad was mentally ill (paranoid schizophrenic) who abused drugs, he thought my mom was going to take the house from him, so this guy (I’ll call him Dave) and his wife (Susan) convinced him to put the house in their name (only mentioning bc thats fucked up and he wouldn’t have done that if he were in the right state of mind, but they knew he wasn’t and I personally think they took advantage of him). Now he and his housekeeper have died inside the house, I KNOW I’m entitled to his belongings, but Susan won’t let us in the house. We’ve considered probate court but we don’t know how much the estate is or if he has a will (cause we can’t look in the house), in my state you can’t file for probate if the estate is worth less than a certain amount which we think it is. 
We’ve been to the police station for that city, they said it’s fine as long as she’s fine with it, the coroner told us to go inside if we had a way in, But we couldn’t find a way to contact David. 
Earlier today we got a call from the coroner saying that Susan called them and was concerned that people were going in and out of the house (he lived in a BAD neighborhood and people know he’s dead and what he had). The coroners called US and told us we should go grab what we can before it’s gone and gave us Susan’s number. We call and agree to meet at the police station because she didn’t believe that they gave us the OK to go in and wanted to hear it from them herself. The police told her it’s okay if she’s okay with it, so she goes “oh okay lemme go call my attorney” and then goes out and calls and comes back and wants to talk to her dad (we’ll call him Grandpa Rivers) and they come back and say “oh well we don’t wanna be there all night” it’s was like 6ish and dark because it’s winter, and she didn’t need to stay there because the only thing that belongs to her is the house, her response was “well we don’t wanna be liable if someone falls and gets hurt” and we said we’d sign a waiver saying we won’t charge you if someone gets hurt” still nothing. She changed the locks because we knew where a spare key was and she doesn’t want us there. 
We arranged to meet at 9 am in the morning tomorrow to go inside and get things but she’s been really dodgy and shady. 
She has a bunch of contracts and stuff and a lawyer, but we can’t afford a lawyer to talk to and ask these things so hopefully one of you guys can help. 
What should we do? My brother and I are entitled to everything inside the house and the only thing she owns is the actual house.