I decided to purchase a vehicle and ended up in this nightmare. The vehicle at time of purchase was end of lease and I was informed it was in a minor accident in the front. I was assured that because it was a lease Lexus replaced all parts and it went through 161 inspection as well as a 126 point inspection the when the dealership bought the vehicle. So after many visits to the dealership with other issues, my last visit was in December because the driver headlight had water in it and the other headlight was not pushed all the way in with the bumper a little off. They replaced the headlight and I thought everything was fine. Yesterday I noticed both headlights were moving and my bumper was not properly clipped in. I removed the bumper and found that the headlight they replaced had no tabs connecting it to the vehicle and the other headlight and bumper bracket is being held in by a random drywall screw drilled into the bumper bracket into the headlight. The Lexus bolts that normally hold the bumper bracket are missing. I would like to know if I have a claim against this dealership. I know they had the bumper off to replace the other headlight so I would think this information would be disclosed to me and the price would be adjusted if not fixed properly. Also, before purchasing the car the dealership dropped the price $1000 online. I questioned as to why the price dropped and they said their online sales associate priced the wrong Lexus and that the vehicle I am looking at would be the price discussed seeing the low miles and it is coming from a lease. I just paid $1600 to get the rear painted after finding out it was hit in the rear and someone used touch up paint over rust causing it to peel 2nd month into ownership. I am very upset and scheduled to bring it in on Monday. I don't even know where to start when talking to the General Manager. This dealership is a large Chevy dealership with multiple locations so I am kind of mad after finding out this is how their company does business. I have pictures and emails informing them of the issues I would like fixed and according to them they were fixed correctly. If someone could lend me some advice I would really appreciate it.