Hello, I need advice on an accident that happened two years ago during community college. What happened was during auto shop class, I asked a fellow student if he could do an alignment on my car. He agreed for no compensation along with supervision permission from our instructor at the time. I brought in my car during his class session and with permission from our instructor to begin work on the vehicle. I was unfamiliar with racking a car on the alignment rack. I told the classmate to rack it, since he was taking steering and suspension class and had more experience than me on racking cars on the alignment rack. But he said that it's easy to rack and he will help me guide the car in. I was a bit sketched out, but I wanted to address the issues with my car since it pulled to the right. As I was attempting the rack the car, the class mate was infront of my car to tell me when to stop before the moving plates to align the car. But my car was having a tough time going up the ramps of the alignment rack, so I gave it enough gas to move forward. The car immediately gripped and launched forward while the class mate was still in front of the vehicle. It launched him against the pole of the alignment sensors. I immediately turn to shock and braked as soon as I could at the same time. I got out of the vehicle to make sure he was okay and no immediate damage had occurred. He said he was okay, but I wasn't sure he was telling me the truth.. Our instructor came as soon as the classmate got back on his feet. I was still in shock of what happened, the classmate didn't want me to say anything at first because he didn't want to get involved in injury report by the school. We finished the alignment, got the car down,but I was still in shock of what happened. Later on, the classmate said he felt pain on his back, so he left early and went to urgent Care. I told the instructor what happened after I got my shock under control, but at first didn't believe me until he saw how distressed I was. We just waited until the class mate would come back so we could immediately report the incident to the school. But the classmate insisted that he was good, that it's only bruising he sustained, no severe damage. So he didn't pursue on making a report. Later down the weeks of when it happened, getting closer to finals, the classmate went to the doctor then got referred to a specialist to check on his ribs for a fragment poking through. After checking in on him for weeks on end to make sure everything was alright, he said he felt fine. After a year of pretty much not hearing back from him. I assumed everything got resolved. Until he sent me a text saying he was done with treatment and all he needed was to go see a chiropractor to get fixed up from his back injury. It was in the text that he was bringing up a case against the school for negligence but didn't want me to get involved since it was lack of supervision that resulted in injury. He also mentioned in the text that he contacted an attorney to get a case going for his personal injury claim and was going to contact me to get more information of what happened. His attorney asked me if I can give information of my insurance of the car. I did not have information regarding the vehicle at the time. But the classmate kept insisting that he won't press charges or sue me A couple months later to as of 02/01/2020 I received a summons to file a response to the classmate, the plaintiff... I need advice on how to approach this situation. If there's anything that needs to get clarified please ask!!