I bought my first jeep (a manual) and also bought a 3000 dollar extended warranty for the drive train. Before purchasing this warranty I asked and was assured multiple times that “everything in the drive train would be covered, even the clutch” after two months, when I’d driven the Jeep less than 1,000 miles (it was also still under factory warranty) the clutch went out while I was leaving a Big Sporting Goods Store. I called the tow truck and had the vehicle towed to the dealership. It was after hours. I had no car, was an hour drive away from where I lived, and was just outside of the “downtown” area of town. The security guard at the dealership, even though I arrived with the tow truck wouldn’t let me stay to call an uber anything. Instead I was told I needed to be off the lot immediately or they would call the police. Once off the lot I couldn’t find an affordable Uber or Cab in the area (surge pricing everything was +80 dollars and I’m a college student) so I had to walk two miles in the dark till I found a sketchy bar that let me sit and wait till I could call a friend to come pick me up. The only good part of this story was they gave me free beer while I waited. I guess the fact that at this point I was crying probably contributed as I was scared walking in the dark and worried about my car and unable to get ahold of anyone for help. Anyway, it took them two days to “diagnose” my car. They told me the clutch was out, which I told them on the phone when I had it towed over there.. Refused to cover it under any warranty. Told me it would be three grand to fix, and if I didn’t fix it they told me I owed a 175 dollar diagnostic fee. They didn’t tell me about the fee upfront, aka before “diagnosing it.” I said that all of this should be covered etc and they refused. I left the car there three days while I figured out what to do. They talked to me, they talked to my dad (in another state) they wouldn’t budge.. So I found another mechanic. He told me he could have my car towed to his shop, that he’d order me a brand new clutch, install the clutch, and give me a rental car, for 1,100 dollars. I said let’s do it. This was less than half what the dealership was offering and it included a rental car. The dealership told me I owed them the 175 dollars in diagnostic fees. I refuse to pay it because if there was a fee they should have told me before i agreed to let them look at my car and they sold me a warranty, either lied about it or refused to honor it, and upcharged me out the rear end. They call me twice a month asking for their money and I (almost a year later) still refuse to give it to them. Now a collections company calls and asks for it and the stupid unpaid fee sits on my credit and continually makes it go down and down and down and I still refuse to pay it. At this point (when the virus is under control) id rather pay several thousand in legal fees than I would to give that stupid car company another penny. However I can’t afford several thousand in legal fees so I don’t know what to do or how to get the stupid thing off my credit. But I was scammed and scammed bad. I was also emotionally scarred because they insisted that I broke the clutch and that I must have “over used the clutch” or “ridden on the clutch” I had my insurance inspect the vehicle before getting it fixed and they said the damage to the clutch was extensive and that there was no way I could have inflicted that damage in less than 1000 miles, even if I had driven 80 miles down the interstate holding the clutch in. That was their exact words. The mechanic also said there was no way I could have inflicted that much damage as well. Which leads me to believe I unknowingly bought a vehicle with a bad clutch and they sold it that way, possibly on purpose. (This was a large and well known name brand dealership not a sketchy used car place) it was and still is a nightmare but I haven’t had a lick of trouble with the car since and I’ve put 40,000 miles on it moving across the country. Is there anyway to get the charge dropped, or to get the charge to stop affecting my credit?