Ok so to get straight to the point. I live in California and I worked a salary job as a beverage delivery driver. So I got done with my route today 2/14/20 and after I clocked out and about 30 minutes later I got a call from my manager to go see HR. I walk over to HR office and the Hr manager tells me to have a seat and closes the door behind me. She then starts talking to me that the last time I went to talk to her which was I believe last Tuesday 2/4/20. I went to receive a temporary copy of my health insurance card. Well the Hr manager claims that when I left I dropped something and asks me if I know what I dropped and I tell her I have no clue as to what it could be. She then says that they are certain what was dropped was mine because I was the only to go to her office that late in the day and that someone else walked in sometime after me and found something. So she pulls out a small bag of cocaine from her desk and tells me that they believe it’s mine. I tell her that it’s not and that I’ve never done any type of drug (which is true). I then offer to do a drug test immediately to prove that I’m clean. She says that it’s too late that it’s been decided that it’s possibly mine and that even if I were to do a drug test, that wouldn’t  prove anything because since the bag had smaller bags inside of it, it could have been for resell. I tell her it’s not true that I’ve never associated with anything like that because I’ve worked too much to lose everything but she doesn’t believe me, she said the decision was already made. She also told me that because I was involved in a bad work accident a few months ago (that cost the company from what I heard 80k usd) so that it looks suspicious. Though after the accident I also volunteered to be drug tested but I was told that it wouldn’t be necessary and I’m good. (After the accident I filled a work accident form and they payed for my treatments) Then she says they spoke with a lawyer and that they aren’t going to report it to not put it on my record. So I can retain my commercial license and that it won’t pop up on my job record either. Then she tells me that they decided to “part ways with me”, and that I can either wait 30 minutes to pick up my final check or I can wait till Tuesday since Monday is Presidents’ Day and we have it off. So my question is, is there anything I can do to fight this or take it to court? Does it count as wrongful termination? Since they refused to drug test me? Please if anyone can help I would appreciate it I’ve tried to include as much information as possible if anyone can think of anything that may be useful please ask. Thank you.