hi my name is serafina and i'm 16 and i live in alabama and i work at a restaurant.  i just started working here a couple months ago and its my first job so idk what all the rules are.  basically sometimes at work my boss will ask me to flash him my boobs or my vagina or whatever and usually i say no but sometimes he says i have to do it or else i can't go on break or go home or whatever.  and he usually laughs about it when he says it so idk if he was joking but i still do it sometimes bc i don't want to get fired.  there are other girls that work here and also his wife and they all don't think it's weird at all and the other girls show him there boobs too when he asks.  one thing that i was pretty sure wasn't normal was that him and his wife have sex in his office sometimes and he always tells us all about it after like he's bragging about it.  and one time i asked his wife how come they are allowed to do that and she said its because its a privately owned restaurant and they can do whatever they want.  well anyway one of my friends who also worked here quit bc of this bc my boss's wife always shamed her for her body and stuff and wouldnt let her serve certain customers bc she said shes not sexy enough or whatever.  basically any time i ask how come he always asks to see my boobs and stuff that's pretty much all they say is that they own the restaurant so they can do whatever they want.  basically my question is is he allowed to ask me to show my boobs and vagina and ask me sexual questions?  and is he allowed to not let me take breaks unless i do it?  i don't want to quit bc i won't be able to get a job anywhere else bc there aren't any other busnesses i can walk to from my house.  all the other girls there are ok with it for the most part and i even heard rumors that some of them have sex with him for money and one girl said he bought her a car.  most of us are in high school but there are also other girls who are older.  sorry if it doesn't make sense and thank you.