Hello guys. So last friday i have found a nice car for a good price on local facebook group, i have seen this person selling cars many times and for a long time aswell. So i wasnt in the uk atm so give her a ring and asked can you hold the car till wenesday? She said yeah thats fine just send me a deposti of £400. So becouse i have seen this person on facebook for years i did trusted and sent the £400. So on tuesday evening i have asked for adress and time when i can collect a car all she said that shes working and will send details tomorrow. I tough its allright i can wait. So today i did called her for details but she couldnt speek with me becouse she was doing school run but she told me that she will call me back as soon as shes done but i never received any calls, i have texted her, tried to call her, tried to text on facebook nothing.. Becouse she has more adverts i have messaged her from my gf facebook about jetski, i had an instant response so i asked when i can come to take a look she said anytime, so she gave me her living address and same phone number. So we went to check the ''Jestski'' and it all started i did asked her whats going on? Where is the car or my deposit? She told me that car just went for an mot test ( i have checked mot was done on monday already) and it also has the some kinda wire problem. So i said how long i have to wait and why you are ignoring my messages? She went really mad becouse i havent come to check the jestski and told my why you are here if you dont want to buy the jetski, anyway i said send me the deposit back and im going home problem solved. But she didnt want so send a deposit back or meaby later, so i asked when you gonna do it whats the problem? Just send the money and thats it. I said i dont want to involve any court or police with this sittuation and then she said go where ever you want and you not gonna get anything. I did recored everything just in case and after that i went to my bank but bank cant do anything becouse this was sent from my bank acc and not credit card. I did texted her last time with the question are you gonna send the deposit back or no? and she said that this is a wrong number. and i havent sent anything anymore.. So what i should do? £400 its a big money for me and i dont want to loose it. Is there any small chance of getting that back or not? Should i go to Citizens advice? Or just forget that money.