I've explained these things to my landlord, in march, when they announced the pandemic and shut down. i'm stuck 4 hours away from home, in the middle of nowhere basically, to look after myself. i do not have a cAr, and my university was shut down - meaning my job was too. my landlord told me in an email it was alright for me to not have my rent payment for april right away as long as i did eventually pay it. okay, that gives me time to figure out how im going to make money for my ($800 rent + utilities), april 15th rolls around and two students come to my door. they give me an eviction notice, stating i could pay $997.79 within 3 days and move out(where am i going to go? how am i going to survive?) or the constables would be coming and i would have to go to court. STRESSED, i asked her what she means i have 3 days and she begins by accusing me of recording our conversation -i wasn't- then asking how my mother pay her rent, how i was going to pay it off if there was no pandemic(???), and where i was going to go when my lease was up. how these things are relevant? i have no idea. she's going off about how im interrupting her time with her husband and that were all going through the same thing. no, actually. i don't even own a tv because i have to sell it along with my computer to make rent. i don't have wifi because i can't afford it and it was not provided as promised when i moved in. you're relaxing with your husband and i'm on the brink of eviction? so we finally come to an agreement that i have to have april's rent by april 30th, and mays rent by the 6th or she would ensue with the eviction she has drawn up. Over the weekend she didn't reply to any questions I had about rent and eviction, but monday she sends a text asking if i have a permit for my puppy. my puppy is register as my emotional support animal, so technically i do, but literally no one here has paperwork for their dogs. She's giving me shit about the randomness things, she's known about this puppy. I got my door replaced, just the door, not the frame, and it's a very cheap apartment- things are always falling apart, she charged me $150. ive never had an electric bill over $100. She is the type of landlord that takes advantage of students that don't have anyone to set her straight. the only reason she hasn't not been taking everything i have from me is because i've learned to keep documentation of things. she always doubles back when there's documentation. in this case, i don't know what to do. i'm looking at other housing and trying to figure out how to break my lease. right now my account is at 1,660.96 because she's already added Mays rent. She wants to evict me so bad but i refuse to allow this to go on my record. please any advice you have to offer would be great.