So, around 2 weeks ago, I went to a convenience store and took three cups of coffee (I like drinking coffee, okay), and went to buy it, then I put it in the coffee machine, and pressed the button. What I didn’t realize was, there were two different cups next to each other, one for coffee, and one for lattes. I mistakenly took the coffee cup and put latte into all three of the cups. I thought “Well, they can’t do anything about it now, it’s already in the cup” and left. Two days later, I went back with some friends and made the same mistake, except I bough just one cup this time. I didn’t notice again, and while the machine was doing it’s thing, my friend said something along the lines of “Damn!” and I said “Damn what?” and he said Damn, you must have courage to put stuff in the wrong cup!”, and I noticed it then. I though about telling the staff, but I though they couldn’t do anything about it again, and left. I never made the same mistakes again. About 1 week later, me and my friend were called by my teacher and another teacher to his office. I talked about how it was a mistake, and the teachers split us into different rooms with one teacher each. I told my teacher what happened, and my friend told the other teacher what happened. Unfortunately, he told a completely different story. He said I noticed it while putting in the first cup, and decided to do two more. I told him that’s not what happened. The teachers then said “Why do your stories not match? Who are we supposed to believe?” After he asked us many more questions, it finally ended. He made me write a reflection and made me promise never to do such a thing again. I promised. I thought that was the end of that. A week later, me and my mother decided to go apologize. When we reached there, the staff told us that the store’s owner wasn’t there, and that the owner did not want to hear my apology. My mother called the owner about what happened, and the owner laughed. The owner said “I do not want to hear a liar’s apology. Can’t you see he is lying? It’s obvious!” My mother told the owner that I wasn’t, and that I seriously wanted to apologize. The owner finally said “Fine. Come tomorrow morning.” I am planning to go apologize now for what I did, as I should. But I think the owner is not convinced that it was a mistake, and is quite fixated on the idea that I definitely stole it. When I go the convenience store, what should I do if he keeps saying I’m lying, and threatens to turn me into the police? How do I prove that I am right?