S.w.i.m is currently on fed probation for drug possession and conspiracy to distribute and was pulled over in my vehicle although I wasn’t driving, I picked up a friend to give them a ride and we were stopped by the state patrol and undercover plain clothes drug officers. The friend I was giving a ride to was taken out the vehicle and searched as well as our vehicle. We were then all separately pulled aside by the cops and they all gave us the usual “your friend already fessed up now I need you to come clean” speech and of course none of us knew anything about what they were asking. (They were asking why we picked our friend up what was the purpose and that they “knew” our friend had drugs on him) so long story short they ended up letting me and my significant other go but arrested our friend. When we asked why they arrested him, they said they had “suspected” him of having drugs on him. When they were searching him they put me and my sig other in the back of the police car. I was not handcuffed but my sig other was. We looked and saw that cops were slamming our friend around trying to spread his legs and pull down his pants for some reason. We heard one of the officers say if we find anything you’re going to jail give it up. Our friend yelled stop sir you need a personal warrant for that. So they stopped but still took him to jail and let us go. (Which made us look bad like we set him up or something) and then apparently when he got to the jail they found a large amount of “opiate” narcotics on him. So my probation officer found out later and tried to accuse me of committing a crime or some shit. But I had no idea that my friend had anything on him, I even asked him when we got pulled over and he said no, hell no. Anyway she got mad and said it’s up to the judge whether I go to jail or not. It’s been a week and half now and nothing has happened except I was drug tested multiple times under supervision and passed each one. Ever since then my P.O. hasn’t said anything to me. Is there anything I need to worry about? Will I be charged with a crime? Even though the drugs were found in my friends butt when he got to jail. Please help , anything any kind of advice helps if anyone has experienced this before please share the out come.