So a friend of mine/ coworker is getting sued for something that happened roughly a year ago. I’m going to try to make this short and sweet and not get too much into the science of this stuff. So she is a kind of newer hairstylist and she had a truly freak accident happen to her while working on someone. She was doing a highlight on a girl and she got about halfway up the girls head with the foils and the girl complained that the foils were hot. My coworker touched them and immediately realized something was wrong because they were super hot. So she yelled for me and we immediately started pulling the foils out and rinsing the girls hair. It was clear that even though it hadn’t been on long at all(maybe 10-15 minutes) it had severely damaged her hair. Obviously we were both distraught and couldn’t believe this happened. I have seen something similar once or twice in my near 10 year career and this typically results from either the client using cheap box color or sometimes from things like mineral build up on the hair from hard water/well water.  So both of these things are completely out of the stylists control. The girl refused any further treatments to help her hair and wouldn’t let us dry it or cut it to see if we could make adjustments. About a month later, the girl sued my coworker and the salon owner(who is no longer the owner, and no longer working in this salon). The salon owner called her insurance who assured her it was no big deal and these kinds of lawsuits come up all the time. Since then, the salon owner left and doesn’t really speak to us anymore and hasn’t said anything else about the lawsuit so we just assumed it had been taken care of by insurance. Now this girl is suing them civilly. I plan on reaching out to the ex-salon owner to see if the insurance paid this girl anything or if it got dismissed. I guess I’m just looking for advice to give to my coworker because I know she is freaking out all over again about this and it is causing her severe stress. I feel so bad and want to help her because it was literally just a freak accident completely out of her control.