Let me provide a little background, I am 22 years old, and I also have a brother who is three years younger than me, and as the title states, our father has unfortunately passed away earlier this week. Our father was our main method of finical support, like he paid for the house, phone bill, ect. But now that he's gone I'm not sure what's going to happen to all of his money, I'm afraid of my stepmom getting all of it, because she's extremely bipolar and has been very very difficult to deal with through all of this, it's literally like I'm watching another kid that's double my age. She has constant mood swings, and is constantly changing her mind and spending his money. For example, yesterday we got into a huge argument because I was mad she couldn't even be there the whole time for my brother and I at my father's funeral, among a laundry list of all the other things shes been doing. But she kept acting like I was just trying to attack her, even though I told her I just need her to act like an adult, because i really need adult right now not another kid, and how she's turning this whole family against her (literally everyone on my dad's side, and biological mom side hates her right now). But again she just kept acting like I was trying to attack her, rather than it being a wake up call, and me trying to tell her what we need. It was like talking to a brick wall, I've never been so upset or yelled so loud and she didn't even absorb any of it. Anyways so she freaks out at like midnight, and says she's going to a hotel, she comes back an hour later, and then I could hear her on the phone asking for a refund and stuff (because she bought the room), they didn't give her a refund, and this was of course my dad's money that just got wasted for literally no reason. There's tons of examples of her just wasting his money like this, I would personally want his money just to go to rent and that's pretty much it, my brother and I wanted to buy an apartment maybe, and use some of his money perhaps for a down payment or something like that, because I can't let us live like this, she won't even let us sleep even if we're in the same house she will keep calling, and knocking on my door, for no reason other than she's just unstable. I even tried talking to her mom but she wasn't any help, even tho I sent her screenshots of all the spam my step mom would text me, it was literally 20 texts within 10 minutes, some of them angry, some of them not, some of them very cryptic, others literally just emojis. Like it looks like a kid, or a mentally ill person is texting me, and her mom just boiled it down to her being angry (I personally do not think this is just anger, she seems very unstable to me, i believe her mom is just tired of dealing with her, and wants to make her our problem) she's even put her wanting to kill herself over this to my brother and I multiple times, it's just been all so hard to handle when we're supposed to just be greifing, I miss my dad so much and I can't believe this is who I'm left with. I just need advice, anytype of advice I've never been so lost or scared of my future. Like is my brother and I even entitled to any of his money because we're over 18? Could she kick me out of the house anytime? What about all of his old stuff too, I'm afraid she's going to sell it all.