I have a friend that is going through a difficult time. He is in the process of getting divorced in Pennsylvania. Everything initially agreed upon....PA has a 90 day cooling off period.....that came and went and now the wife won’t sign the divorce papers. She gave ownership of both of their houses to the husband in the agreement and I believe that those houses have been titled over to him. And she admitted to getting them into financial trouble with credit cards and put their debt under the Freedom Debt Relief company..... she was to pay that..... the cards were in her name. He thought that he only had a Discover card that he thought was closed in 2017. He ran a credit report on himself and discovered that he has a credit score in the 500’s AND he has two credit cards that he didn’t apply for and the Discover card was still open with balances transferred over to it creating a balance of over $19,000. He did not do any of that. So the soon to be ex wife admits to opening the cards in his name and balance transferring onto them. Now WHOSE balances we aren’t sure but guessing that they were from debts from her cards. She refuses to allow him to see the dashboard for the Freedom Debt Relief company and she has the user names and passwords for the three cards in his name. Oh ...AND his three cards are in charge off status as she has not paid some things for over a year. She states that these cards are in the debt relief program. From what I’ve read, this debt relief company is a bit of a scam and extremely damaging to your credit report as their whole tactic is to let your account go into delinquency so they can better bargain for a lower payback amount. However the creditors can still legally go after you until this company starts negotiating with them..... which doesn’t happen until you have a set amount of money in a set up account that they can negotiate with. It seems that they only negotiate accounts one at a time. So after several months in this program, they will supposedly offer you a loan from Consolidated Plus ....they will pay ALL of your credit card balances but at an interest rate of 22.9% fixed. Also the Freedom debt company takes an approximate 22% fee of the total balance that you bring on a card.....not what they negotiate but the TOTAL balance. This company will not allow him access to her account that she set up so he’s not sure that his cards are truly in the program and he wants to make sure that she isn’t putting HIS name on that loan that she will get because he doesn’t want to be part of it!  She will not tell him what cards and total debts she has. So now she refuses to sign the final divorce papers because now she wants half of the houses because she feels that is fair. Most likely she wants them to sell them to get her debt down. She had also been paying the bills ....or he thought. The leased car payment in his name and the two house mortgages have been late too by several months. It seems like every day he uncovers a little more. So what is his best recourse for untangling himself from her financial mess? I’m afraid that she’s not signing the divorce papers so she can somehow put his name as her husband on that high interest loan and have him responsible for that too.  Clearly she has committed fraud.