I guess I’ll just start from Florida  Dec. 20.2018 my son is 9yrs old at this time. His mother has been the sol parent of them years do to keeping him from me. On 12/20/18 my son was in my position for the holidays and I would be returning him after Christmas like a week after.As my mother was in the process of retiring my son to his mother at a neutral family members house of hers to make the exchange. When my mother arrived to drop my son off she was meet by a DCF officer and family member explaining that “ the mother of my child had freaked out a few days before and assaulted someone and then took her other child and speed off until she was pulled over and found with weed and was suspected to be on meth” she was not arrested at the scene but DCF was called and they did a drug test on her other son witch came back positive for meth in his system.(3yrs old).The DCF officer explained to my mother my son must remain with me. Until the mother finishes a parenting plan program thing. After my mother returns with my child I immediately start trying to obtain 50/50 custody. I gather all the money I can to get a lawyer. We have mounds and mounds of evidence against her. The mother dose not agree to any 50/50 agreement contracts. Because she wants the money for child support. At some point she comes and takes my son from my mother while I’m at work. And takes my son to Montana. I file a missing persons and emergency pick up order. Montana police locate her and I fly my son back to Florida with me. The judge says if the mother returns to Florida she still has sol parental custody and she could come legally take him. But will have to stay locally with him. Which that’s exactly what she’s dose she returns and takes him. I tell my lawyer we need to do something to keep this from happening but they once again send a fucking 50/50 contract. And then tells me if we wanna take her to court I’ll need 5k up front (way to poor for that) at this point it’s been over 12months and no progress. I’m still being told to send child support to a monster. Now today February 12,2020 my son is 10. I get a call my son has been living homeless and his mom has been smoking crack. My son was dirty and hungry and his mother once again still had the power to take him from me I have no power to protect my son legally for some reason. I’m his legal father and on birth certificate.iv never been accused of abandonment. She just stripped me of my rights to my son when he was 2yrs old when she had money.I’m 2 weeks from moving away to start college for diesel engineering. I have a 2 bedroom apartment I’m moving to the village help me get. Can someone possibly give me some advise as what to do to help my son so maybe I can take him with me when I leave. I’m just out of options for info I’m not sure what to do anymore.