I want to get a restraining order or trespassing order against my neighbors girlfriend. I just want something legal to keep her away from me and so she can’t contact me. Do I have any options?
  I have a neighbor who has a problematic  girlfriend. We live on the same property but technically I am the only person with a contact although it’s expired. I got a notification that my bank card was used while I was home watching tv so that was the first red flag. I had given it to my boyfriend either that day to put money in my account. He was also home when I got the alert. Long story short I found out it was the girlfriend of the neighbor. I even have video and pictures from the business where she went. I don’t want to cause problems ir anything but my neighbor has no balls and every time I try to threaten him that I’m going to take legal action, he says he wants someone to do that so he doesn’t have to deal with it. I was just looking up what is required to get a restraining order and I see a lot of stuff about domestic partners but im not sure this qualifies as domestic, I was guessing civil but there isn’t a civil restraining order. I just want her to leave me alone because I predict it’s going to keep escalating and I’m not trying to play her game. I just wanted to know what I can do. I plan on moving soon but I thought it would be soon enough and then she got my card so obviously she isn’t going down that easily. What can I do? Can I trespass her or can I get a restraining order? 
  Furthermore: she stole two of the neighbors trucks and sold one. The one that is missing now is not even his, it’s in his sisters name. According to the business where I got the video, they said she also stole from them. I don’t know what is wrong with her but she has some mental issues. I’m not trying to be mean but I’m serious. I can’t reason with them because she lies and he believes her so they gang up on me. I don’t really want to get anyone in trouble but stealing my bank card is crossing the line. Then they said I was crazy only to magically find the card 5 minutes later, what an ironic coincidence, don’t you think? When I talked to the business, they even said they thought she was using someone else’s card because she didn’t know the pin. I asked the neighbor to keep her away for all our good but every time she calls, he runs to help. I can’t tell people who to associate with but I don’t want her around me specifically. I also have a dog and they let him in their house and lock him in so I am forced to interact with them. I’m just trying to live my life and I already have issues with people I’m obligated too, I really don’t need any more crap. Sorry for the venting rant but I’m just alone in this fight, even my boyfriend is being stupid about it. What are my options?