I am 22 years old. I currently am serving in the Navy as active duty. My mom has severe mental issues. All my life she fed me and my siblings lies about our fathers and their side of the family. She loves to talk about herself. While I’m living out of my home state, my friends decided to rent a room out from my mother and her 6’7” mentally impaired boyfriend. A few months go by and my mother accused them that they’re poisoning the food and water and trying to kill her pets. My friends moved out and my mother took them to court. Obviously, she had no evidence backing her statement. So my friends won the case. Anyways, my issue is that I have this 2019 corolla in which she is co-signing for me. She has good credit. I live in Portsmouth VA, I work in Norfolk VA. There’s a tunnel from Portsmouth that leads into Norfolk. You can pay the toll with EZ pass or by plate. So a couple months flow by and I get a picture of a bill from my mother for $760. She is threatening to sue me. She is also telling me to turn on my “find my iPhone” otherwise she’s taking me off the phone plan and suing me for the phone. Then she proceeds to say “you’re not my son, you are not invited to my funeral”. This is the same woman who called MY COMMAND twice!!! Her dumb ass boyfriend who claims he was a marine and was “black ops out of the pentagon” called my command 2 weeks ago and didn’t give the any information. The command forwarded his call to my phone and I answered and it was him asking for my departments commanding officer. I then told him “sir, we don’t have a commanding officer of each individual shop in our command but we have a commanding officer of the entire command”. He then asked me to speak to him, i asked who he was (obviously I knew it was him, i was just playing along). He told me “I don’t have to give you any information of who I am”. Like dude shut the fuck up. You’re dumb as fuck. Can anybody please give me some advice on what to do in this situation? Do JAG lawyers represent sailors who are in situations such as this one?