(I posted this somewhere else and they suggested I post here)I've never posted on here...but I really could use the insight from others right now. Backstory my dad passed away 3 months ago and someone I don't know personally has stepped in saying she is his daughter. My dad raised me and my brother he's the only other child of my dad's that I know. This woman has claimed to have a will that my dad had made. She has refused to show it to any of us. She also hasn't made any burial arrangements for him. She supposedly had an estate sell of all the stuff she took from his house. (My dad didn't have anything of value he lived on disability from the VA which got him by) the only thing she didn't get was his Zippo lighters that he collected (nothing special just zippos you can still go buy today)I have them and his lock box. The lock box didn't have anything expect a life insurance policy with my name on it in there and some old titles for vehicles he didn't have anymore. This woman has called the police on me to get the lock box back and the lighters that my dad knew I had. Which she hasn't bothered to ask me for anything except for the lock box and I asked for a copy of the will and she refused to give it to me. (She also hasn't filed anything with the courts about the will) Ive spoke with  two lawyers one that wasn't much help and another who is trying. This brings me up to this past week we found out that this woman has filed theft charges in my mother who was caring for my dad's dogs when he got sick and couldn't be there. We spoke with the lawyer and she is trying to get the charges dropped because they lied in their report. I guess what I'm getting at is I need to know if there is anything I can do to stop this woman from bullying me and my family? I cant afford to pay to file for head of estate I'm trying to get the money for that. It just feels like there is nothing I can do and neither of the lawyers I spoke with have said much if there is something to be done. I'm just tried of all of this and want my dad laid to rest. Any advice? Also sorry for how long this is I tried to shorten this as much as I could. Thanks for reading!