Not sure what flair I use, I don’t know about this. So, last June my wife took around 1800 from her employer. This past December a discrepancy was found and she came clean about it, after slowly paying some back. This is the time I found out as well. She had a verbal conversation with the owner saying that my wife should come to them next time she needs help, and that they would just take 50-75 per check until paid off. Fast forward to February, a new Ops Manager is hired (re-hired.) She finds what my wife did, I guess talks go down, and my wife gets fired. Well, my card was on file as a patient, and I didn’t find out how this was affecting us till now. The owner charged our bank account to the point we went negative, to “take back her paycheck” to pay back the balance owed. Mind you, about 6-700 was already rerouted back to where it was necessary in December. So, at this point about 800 of 1800 was cleared. The owner took about 700 the first charge, put us negative, my wife complained, she put it back to make us positive by like 30 bucks. Well the next day she did it again, to lock us at negative 800. Putting the total taken care of at 1600. Fast forward struggling a few weeks. My Veteran Affairs disability hits our account, which was changed to our other account to be safe, but that won’t take affect till April 1st. So my disability hits, at the same time our Tax return hits. We think “okay, cool, we can stretch this money till you get hired.” We pay bills to get ahead, and then within 48 hours our debits stop working. I go in person to the bank, and my wife is on the phone with them at this point. The reason our cards were frozen, and now our account was because someone was making charges claiming “fraud.” From “wife’s former employer business” which opened an investigation on the account, and brought upon the decision from the bank of not wanting my wife’s business anymore. Understandable. So, we had paid over 2 grand towards bills right? I was told verbatim “any outgoing and pending payments are safe.” They weren’t. I found out close 1200 was taken around that time, and then all of our payments got returned to the bank, because of “shortness of funds.” Putting us in the hole, with those payments to bills needing to be repaid, at least 3200. Those returned payments went to someone claiming “fraud” with my card, and using my wife’s name. From the same business. So the bank was proactive and made sure the business owner was covered. I guess this is normal practice, if it is, I can’t be upset with the bank. However, two days later, after barely having enough to pay rent, the owner calls my wife saying she needs more money. And that “even more money was found missing.” Can she keep threatening and taking money if the owner never took legal action against my wife, and or sign anything? I just don’t know what to do. A few credit cards (with the highest amount left) were closed for “failed” or non-payment. And this came at the worst time, for obvious reasons. We have multiple children. I cannot get part time employment, she’s having a hard time finding work, and stores are becoming bare. For context we live in Texas. It was also found out after she was fired, multiple people (20+ out of 70) left the business when this Ops Manager returned. As well as the owners were using billing codes to take money write offs from the government on procedures that were never done. Other things came to light as well, but don’t really know how for example, the owner ingesting some kind of “narcotic gas” for the business (until unconscious multiple times) affects this. Again, I don’t know what to do, or if any of this matters, but if it does, please provide advice and guidance. Because I don’t know what to do. Thank you for your time