Hello, my dad is an uber driver, and he along with my mom, who does homecare, provides and sustains our family of 7, which includes me, my brother, my sister, my mom, my grandma, my 2nd grandma, and himself. So, let's talk about the problem that happened a year ago in around January I think. He had this passenger, and she was drunk. My dad said she was drunk because he could smell it when she came in, and her behavior confirmed it too throughout the ride. So, as he was driving her to her home, she was trying to reach for the steering wheel, or she was putting her hand towards the front which would distract my dad. When my dad was still driving, there was a deer, so he shoved her back because her arm was in the way, and then tried to stop the car. Then, when he dropped her off, she apologized to him for behaving like that and left it at that. Now recently, that same woman is trying to sue my dad for "sexually harassing or assaulting" her and she basically said that she got assaulted. There was literally no evidence to prove that, but my dad also didn't have a video camera back then. So there was a detective that was trying to investigate for the lady's situation, and now my dad is on a warrant for arrest. But recently, he tried to tell the detective what happened and he has a hearing this week...He literally has all positive ratings from all his passengers, and I know he would never intentionally sexually harass anyone or even touch someone because he has respect. I am definitely sure he pushed her to defend both her and himself during that ride. And now he is depressed and stressed because of the warrant for arrest, it is on his background, so he lost his job as an uber and he can't really get any job at the moment. The worst thing is that the woman probably bought a lawyer which is 15k, and my dad has a government lawyer who does not even respond to him most of the time. We cannot afford to buy a private lawyer. If my dad does get judged guilty, and I know 100 percent he isn't, he will go to jail for 2-7 years, which is ABSURD. Please help... What can he do in this situation?