So, this is going to be a bit of a long post because there's a lot that needs to be explained. I have a friend (who we'll call CL) who is currently married to this guy (who we'll call JR). CL originally dated JR for about a month before they broke up because he cheated on her. In the middle of last year, he was able to convince her to get back with him and a lot of bad things happened from there. CL is a very sweet little Christian girl, and she's one of those people who made a big deal about losing their virginity, and she wanted to get married to the person who took it. So, basically after about a month of dating JR had basically gained her love enough to where she'd basically do anything he says because she loves him. Now here's where everything starts to get crazy. Sometime in the fall they ended up getting married, and she moved with him to New Mexico. He always showed slight mental instability, but its drastically gotten worse over time. What started with just occasional verbal abuse has become a full blown domestic violence situation. He regularly hits her, strangles her, and does some absolutely awful things to her. I cannot get in contact with CL often because JR basically made her block any male friend she had, and he controls all of her social medias. He also made her block my number, and he always checks her call logs etc. That being said, it's been over a month since I talked to her last, and last time I had talked to her she mentioned to me how JR had said something along the lines of "I could take your life so easily right now" and has basically threatened to kill her before. I've tried to talk her into leaving him, but she's both too scared and too in love to do so, and I'm not sure what to do at this point. I was wondering if there was any way that I could report this to the police, and see if some legal action gets taken. She currently lives very far away from me because he's in the Air Force, and they had to move to New Mexico for his job, and whenever COVID settles down, they're probably going to move to Germany. I don't have any of the calls recorded, and the only thing I have is a screenshot of a post she made in a domestic violence group. I want to know if theres any sort of legal action I can take, or if there's anything at all I can do. If I don't do something soon, then I'm fully convinced that he will kill her in the near future.