For backstory here, I broke up with my abusive ex-boyfriend at the end of the summer of 2018, this was in Illinois. He was controlling and abusive up until then and I stupidly left him alone one day while I went out to hang with friends. I made it to the bus stop before he rapid fire texted me demanding I come home because something was wrong with our cat. Long story short he threw her in a fit of rage and paralyzed her from the tummy downward. All I have from that is a lone veterinary bill and its billed to my mom who I no longer speak to. I started dating someone new a few months later and once my ex found out they are transgender he started making death threats. We tried surviving in my old apartment but my ex regularly broke in and threatened to kill us, burn the house down, etc. He followed us to my mother's house and broke in there also, but managed to get away before police arrived so no report was written. We eventually fled to Michigan for safety and landed ourselves a new apartment in October 2019. The day right before Veterans Day he found us. He waited at the top of the stairs and once I opened the door to get inside he wrestled his way into the apartment and shoved me with the door. He kept trying to hug me and I pushed him away as best as I could. Meanwhile he kept telling my new bf to leave or he would kill him. Once police arrived he fought with an officer, spat on him, and as they locked him in the cop car he repeatedly kept head butting the window and screaming "YOU AND THAT KID ARE DEAD!!! DO YOU HEAR ME??? ILL F**ING KILL YOU AND THAT KID!!!" For reference my new bf is younger than my ex and I, hence why he constantly refers to him as a "dumb kid". Well, my ex was booked into the county jail and I've been to pretrial, after pretrial, after pretrial. He refuses to take the guilty plea and generally just acts all sorts of malicious when I end up having to testify and see his face. We are finally going to have a Jury Trial and I am nervous. They subpoenaed not only myself but also my new bf who has never been to court before. Is there a written dress code we should know of? How do we handle stress and nervousness? Should my new bf testify how he has been threatened this entire time? Do I bring up the cat and her +$300 veterinary bill or is that obsolete at this point? I wish the city I lived in within Illinois was more linear in how they handle things because I've had police show up so many times and NOT leave me with a police report. I end up so frazzled I forget to ask for one. Hell, when he broke into my mother's I panicked so hard that once he left I had a nervous breakdown and cut all my hair. I then miscarried a few days later. I just need advice here on how to handle this. So far hes being charged with aggravated stalking and breaking and entering which Michigan counts as an automatic felony. These are all coming up as my ex's first major offenses, but according to what I've heard from other inmates who end up living in my apartment complex he isn't making it easy for people to side with him. How long do you think my ex will be sentenced for? Will I have enough time to change my name and will this be enough to convince the secretary of state to change my ssn number? Should I leave Michigan before he gets out or do you think it's safe to relax? I still regularly have nightmares of him and wake up crying. What do I do?