Hello, recently I was thinking that I might have a case against some doctors, but I really have no clue. For some background information I live in Canada, and was 15 going on 16 at the time so it happened four years ago. In grade 10 I was playing base ball in gym class, when I collapsed, couldn't walk and it was excruciatingly painful. The next morning I was still in pain, so I stayed home and my mom took me to the hospital after she finished work. We got there, explained to the doctor what happened and he just looked at us and said, "Well It's not going to get better in one day, I doubt it's broken" and he sent us out. After we start driving home my mom gets a call from him, he said "After seeing him limp out of the hospital I think we should do an x-ray." So we come back, nothing shows and we're sent back out. After the weekend we go to the clinic, we didn't see our regular family doctor because he was dealing with some personal issues at the time and was in South Africa. The guy we seen said that it probably wasn't broken, to get a knee brace, crutches and go to physical rehab. I went for an ultra sound and nothing showed up, he denied that anything was wrong with me. After almost a year of being told nothing was wrong with me our regular family doctor returned, my mom called in to see him. During our visit he asked, "Why didn't he go to rehab?" my mom told him that an MRI or ct scan was never done so we had no clue what was wrong so rehab could've help us, he immediately booked me in for one. After getting the results back he told us that four major ligaments in my knee were torn, I should have had an operation but it was too late, there was nothing we could do. I can walk, and run but that can be hard on my knees. I had to quit martial Arts because I walked into every class, and went out limping. My knee still goes out and hurts frequently, when I'm standing up and move it out and in it clicks. Do I have a case at all? I don't have the money for it now, but could I go through in the future if I do?