I don't think I have much of a case but I thought I would just ask if there's anytihng I can do. I work for a firm in KY. I've been in that job for a year and a half. The job we do is pretty specialized so it requires a lot of training. We are organized in teams of two or three people who work on the same projects: a senior engineer who trains and is assisted by one or two junior engineers. I love this job and working with an experienced person is a great way to learn. The senior engineer I work with is a man in his 50s. He's a great boss, he's very skilled and very professional and good person. I like working with him a lot. Until a few days ago we were working on a major project for a client. This client is religious-based. Somehow they learned that my boss is gay and lives with a man and they decided that it was a big problem for them. They required from the higher-ups in our firm that he be removed from the project. They were successful and another team will be taking over from us, and we have been moved to another project. I find that bigotry and the cowardice from our top bosses disgusting but this is beyond the scope of this post. The project we work on now is a lot smaller in scope and not very interesting. It doesn't require nearly the same technical skills so I'm losing a lot in training. I was to receive a certification at the end of the year and it will have to be postponed because I'm not receiving any training with this now. I won't be directly losing pay but there are bonuses associated with completing projects and it's likely we would have received much more from the other project. So overall I think that I'm losing a lot from being removed from the original project (not to mention the heartbreak it must be for my boss to be treated like that). I know my state has some anti-discrimination laws. Could this be classified as a consequence of discrimination even if I'm not directly the one being discriminated against? Is there anytihing  my boss and I could do?