I live in Michigan in a smaller city that was once prosperous, but has become a dying shell of what it once was and I'm just so happen to be in one of the most poverty stricken areas. I came here from another state to get away from domestic abuse and went through 2 homeless shelters and so many referrals before I got all of my paperwork sorted, a proper job, and this cursed apartment. Despite my low income I didn't bother with applying for section 8, so I'm one of the very few tenants who pays full price out of pocket plus a maintenance fee. Even when I was in the shelters the other homeless warned me about this place and in retrospect I should've listened. This apartment complex goes through a different building manager every few years or so. However, it's the lease that gets me. The bedbug addendum says its for the state of Washington and claims that any  and all costs for treatment are to be paid by the tenant. On top of that it says treatment will not begin until the tenant pays a nonrefundable $300 fee, and if the infestation is deemed to have started in your unit you are also to pay for any and all treatments of surrounding units. This lease has several pages claiming that any other plumbing issues, or mold must be reported asap and will be taken care of. Here's where my story starts. Less than 2 months into living here my kitchen sink pipes began leaking and when the repair man came he didn't change anything. He simply adjusted the pipes and left. Another month later it began leaking again and I ended up roaches. I put in another maintenance call and they didn't respond for over a week so I cancelled it and fixed the damn pipe myself and treated for roaches. Now that this pandemic is in full swing I can't get a response to save my life. It's not as if maintenance wasn't deemed essential either because they've all been walking around cutting grass and, now that eviction is back, throwing out old tenants possessions left behind. The guy below me was evicted and whatever bedbug issues he had have spread to me. I put in a request 3 weeks ago and have heard nothing in response. I spent $90 of my own money to treat it myself and I'm on week 2 of not being bitten. About a week ago I had a weird wet crack in the ceiling above my shower head that is leaking water. Its bubbling over and I assume its from a leak. I put in a maintenance request for that too and I have once again heard nothing. My bathroom now reeks of mold and I'm losing my patience. I can tell from a strange square shaped lump that this problem happened once before and they most likely poorly patched the ceiling without fixing the leaking pipe. In the process of all of this I've also realized that my bathtub has pink water rings and mold spots that were painted over before I moved in. What are my options. I've had black mold before in my hometown and I am not dealing with this again. My last issue is that the local domestic violence shelter actually vouches for this place because it lists itself as a gated community. They're the reason I agreed to come here. I moved in here in October of 2019 and the gate has been wide open and broken since before I arrived. My abuser made it all the way into my building and attacked me in my apartment. I don't think it's right that their website glorifies this as a gated community while the gates are clearly broken and never close. What are my legal options here?