As an exaggeration of how simple of a card design can be easily imbalanced and flawed, despite being perfectly balanced and fair, let us consider my hypothetical card, called Card X. Let us assume all players have access to the maximum 3 copies of Card X at all times. Whenever a game starts, the server automatically counts how many copies (each player has up to 3) of card X each player has in their deck. If one player has more than another, they automatically win. If you draw any copies of Card X at any time (including pre-mulligan opening hands) then you lose, except if the other player draws the same number of copies or more copies than you did, as a result of the same action resolving (or the same number or more in their pre-mulligan opening hand). If the same number are drawn, all copies are banished from the game. Card X is nothing more than a Trap card that you put into your deck as one of its 40 cards. Even as a less drastic example, let us say that anytime you draw Card X, you banish it, and once all your copies of Card X are banished, you lose. In either case, not accounting for ways to draw cards or make your opponent draw cards, both players have the same statistical chance of drawing Card X at any given time and automatically losing. The only way to keep this from happening in all game (and make the game fun and enjoyable to play rather than a constant Runeterran Roulette) would be for both players to remove Card X from their decks entirely and play the game normally. But, if people were to do that, others would add copies to their deck just for the auto-win (to gain ranking for free, for example).  So you would be gaining ranking without having to even play the game, and from the most fair argument, you gained it fair and square, since obviously if they didn't want to lose, they should have also put 3 copies of Card X into their deck as well, right? The thing is, your game becomes nothing more than hoping you don't draw your copy of Card X first. Card X is a quintessential example of a balanced overpowered card. And a balanced overpowered card isn't fun, and it doesn't rely on skill. It just relies on trying to play the odds in the most effective way possible to win. Is that what you want the game you play to be about? I doubt it.