I’m just so confused and angry and sad right now. I know that I shouldn’t have put on my VSCO that I was a lesbian but I did it anyway and my mom got a text message about it and got very angry with me. She claims that she didnt yell at me, even though she did, which was understandable bc she was upset but she just shattered my whole mindset of who I am. For a while, i had finally figured out that I was gay, and was super happy about it but decided to not come out bc I wasnt ready. I wasnt ready either when my mom found bi wallpaper on my phone and demanded an answer and I felt forced to come out, so I did. Im still sensitive about that, and when she asked me if this was my “coming out” last night, I wanted to explode and tell her how she made me feel when she talked about my sexuality and the whole LGBTQ community in a condescending tone. I dont know if she meant to do it that way, but it pisses me off. then she says that i’m too “young” to know, (shes straight, what does she know?) and that I need to have sex with a boy or a girl before I know what I like. That made me super pissed because I know that its not just which one you enjoy sex with, its the one who lights your world up, the one that makes you unable to do anything but sit and stare in awe of how stunning they are. And thats what I felt with girls. Thats still what i feel with girls, but she thinks that I want to be them, which fucked my mind up a little, becuase I had that moment where I doubted myself, but I know what I like and i know its not a phase. i dont even know why she cares about me, because in the texts that i read between her and her asshole bf, it seems that all they want to do is to move in together and fuck all the time, with no mention of me in the moving in part at all, trust me i dont want to move in with that bastard, but I want my mom to stay away from him. I dont like him, he knows that, and I dont care. It just feels like im all alone sometimes. This was a vent post, but there’s no flair for that so i put it as life. If you read to the end, or read it at all, thank you. I dont care if anyone replies, i just wanted to put it somewhere. Again, if you read this , thank you, and I just want to say if youre ever doubting yourself, or dont feel valid, let me tell you that YOU ARE VALID and there is some girl out there who will love you unconditionally, and if youre parents dont support you, Im here for you. Im sorry for this weird long post and im gonna end it here.