When I was 15, I was bored during spring break and I decided to get on Omegle, a website to meet random strangers. Yes, a couple dicks were shown. Lets not meet.  Besides all that raw unfiltered anarchy that Omegle is was this beautiful girl, we both complimented each other, and she came across as very sultry despite her being 14. This was weird to me because at the time since I was a total virgin, not even a kiss, and I was nervous to talk to her at all. I called her, and within an hour she was already calling me daddy, and at 15 this was incredible. The amount of masculinity that suddenly surged through me was an instantly addictive feeling, and I would eventually have phone-sex every night. I finally felt for the first time in my life a shred of true masculinity. This wasn't the beginning though, and I'd end up talking to her for entire days, giving her massive amounts of attention only attracted her to me even more, so I felt like a true natural. Her attraction to me, even though it was through a phone, was like a drug. Her room was covered in posters of women tied up onto chairs, legs and arms chained, ect. I told her that I was a pro at it just to impress her. She also lived with her grandmother and her mom in a mobile home. I then told her that I was wealthy with a lot of money, which I wasn't. I just wanted to sound more impressive and superior to her socioeconomic status. She was into BDSM, and more specifically, DDLG. It instantly made sense to me at this moment that she never had a good relationship with her father. And I was curious, so I asked her why. She went quiet, paused and said that she loved me and to never ever, ever tell anyone. She told me that her mother was a prostitute and her dad was just a client. This wasn't too bad, I thought. So I told her that her eyes looked nice, and she told me how she would run away just for me. There was no stopping me at this point, I felt. And my newly-found cockiness and confidence would come to an end. One day, her dad came over to visit her. This was interesting to me because I put myself in the dad's shoes and imagined seeing this girl and then I felt really strange about how she found this an attractive kinky thing to use. Suddenly she started giggling in call, I saw the camera go dark and her father says "It's been a while". She agrees with her typical sultry voice, I thought to myself, "oh that's cute, her dad giving her a welcoming hug". "You know what daddy loves the most?" her dad said. For a long time, there was no reply. This caught my attention so I raised the volume up to around half, and he whispers, barely, "that's right". Clothes started moving, and I could hear her muffled moans through the phone. I assumed she was crying in her shoulders and turned the volume down a bit and kept doing whatever I was doing, wasting my time most likely. Most of my attention was on her anyways. Suddenly she yells loud enough for me to hear "Yes daddy!" and I jumped. Why was she saying that in front of her dad? I told her to be quiet. after a couple seconds of silence, her mom in a very sarcastic tone states "Oh, I guess I'll be leftovers". Maybe the mother just wanted some love too. my ex also exclaimed "Harder please". This was obviously a deeply emotional embrace. I was touched, although she knew from a young age that she wasn't meant to be made, and by a reckless father, she still loved him very much. I heard a lot of kissing and crying, I felt really happy for her and her dad to meet after a long time. after a while she hasn't cried or anything but what seemed to be a faint conversation between the mom and the dad. She grabbed her phone and placed it to face an open window, and it was constantly moving as if it was being pulled from the connection port every second.   I remembered at this moment that she would wear apple headphones with the microphone attached to the wire during all our calls, so I assumed that she left her phone on the couch and what I believed to be her dog was licking very loudly into the microphone. Just a couple seconds of this sound later, it stops and my ex says in a fast breathy way "Please tie me up now". I jumped. I looked around and to avoid violating content guidelines under dramatic embellishment I'll have to keep this shorter than it should be. It dawned upon me that she could be having sex with her dad. This is when I put my hand up to my face to accentuate my concern for the new realization. I started piecing it together, and considered calling the police. But how could I explain this? As I started to overthink I started hearing more and more intense noises. If you think I felt grossed out, I wasn't. I was sad. I wanted to understand her and take care of her, I wanted to be a part of her life some day, but her life was too tough for me to fix over just an internet connection. I left a tip to the police with all the information I really had but I believe nothing was solved because she is still messaging me. I stopped talking to her since then and she still doesn't understand why. Every now and then, she reminds me that I'm part of her life still, and has seen me in her schizophrenic episodes. I answer in a very friendly way, but it's false nonetheless because she has lowered my expectations forever and that sensitivity to me was priceless, the fact that I can no longer feel the power of a girl's presence and specific wants and needs regarding their sex, my love for women, has been decreased substantially. Afterwards I went into many dysfunctional rebound relationships, which taught me that life is much easier when you love yourself. Now i'm in a wonderful and amazing relationship with myself, thanks for your time.