 Just a bit of background info before I get into my story. I’m from a small town in Texas about 45 mins away from a border town, Drug trafficking is not uncommon and we’ve been on the news for drug raids. So anyways, Being from a small town there isn’t much to do but ride around though the backroads on weekends, when I was younger this was one of my favorite pastimes. When I was about 22 or so I decided to take my young niece with me on one of my nightly cruises (she was about 10 or 11 at the time). My cruises usually involved some against the law drinking and driving and weed smoking when I was with my friends, but since I had my niece I was sober and clearheaded. So there is one particular backroad that connects my town and the next, that is about 10 mins away, it’s a winding road with a river that lays off the side of the road there’s a particular spot where you can park to fish or unload your boat on the ramp. I would usually drive into this piece of public land to turn around and head home and take the same scenic route back, but this night was different, as I began to slow my car down trying to find the entrance since it was pitch black out, no moon or starts In sight, I was struggling to find my turn. Just as I spotted the turn some headlights turned on from inside the trees and I saw a few guys standing around two cars and it looked a little suspicious since this area is closed to the public at night. I knew they saw me looking and I guess they weren’t to fond of prying eyes. One of them jumped into one of the cars while the rest just stayed behind I saw him coming at a fast speed and I floored it towards the small highway that connected the towns instead of heading back the other way I came. I could see the cars headlights getting closer, trying not to let my niece know how freaked out I was I tried to make conversation with her, what we talked about idk but it worked to keep her distracted. Finally I saw blinking lights indicating we were close to the highway, there’s a stop sign before you get on the highway but seeing no headlights I took the stop as a yield and kept going. I figured I’d rather get pulled over by a cop and feel safe than let the car catch up to me. Once on the highway, I saw the the cars headlights in my rear view mirror reach the stop sign it stopped there for a good while which was unnecessary since there was no other cars on the road. Once It saw i was a good distance away, the car took a u turn and headed back towards the river. I’m more than sure I witnessed a drug deal and had I found my way into that boat ramp me and my niece would have probably been in much more danger. I’m always grateful for it being so dark out that night, I’m sure it saved mine and my niece’s lives.