So I have a regular run in with creeps as you can tell from my last post about the high school weirdo. This happened more recently. I was 20 and I took my sister who was 16 to Starbucks in our area. We were sitting outside the cafe and I noticed this guy who was a young Asian male and wore a fedora staring at us from inside. He didn’t have coffee, he wasn’t doing anything, just staring. My sister went inside to go to the bathroom and he promptly came out. He started talking to me and he was weirdly very intelligent and spoke like he was from the early 1900s. He told me his name was Clyde and he jokingly asked if I could be his Bonnie. I was really creeped out by that and my sister came out and he left back inside but continued to stare. One day at my job I was getting coffee in the mall I work at in the Starbucks inside a Macy’s and of course.., he was there. This location and the last location was about 5 miles apart so I have no idea why this dude was here. Same thing, doing nothing just staring. I went to my job and I would see him walk past back and forth frequently and I was so creeped out that he now knew where I worked. One day when I was off I got a text from my manager saying a young Asian man was looking for me and that SHE already knew him as a creep because he had frequently followed her as well and I told her he was doing the same thing to me. You will probably think I’m lying at this point but I go to a third Starbucks legit 15 miles from where I live and he is there. I dont know if this dude is just really interested in Starbucks or what. He doesn’t talk to me but I go home, go to bed and when I get ready to go to work, I see that someone wrote in my car with their finger because my car is dirty and it said , “ I’m in love with you”. I honestly thought it was my boyfriend and I called him telling him he was cute and he was super concerned because it turns out it was not him. My first instinct was that it was this dude Clyde. I since have moved jobs but still in the area, and of course... our paths meet for a third time when I’m just out walking. He’s sitting at this bar thing by a window of a food place I don’t know what it was. And he waved and blew me a kiss. I told my new job just Incase he happened to show up and low and behold. My manager dropped her jaw and said that the girl before me was being stalked by him as well. I honestly don’t know how many girls he has done this too and how he has the time to follow all these girls but he honestly radiates creepyness. I haven’t seen him since thank god but every time I go to Starbucks I scope the whole place before I go in to make sure he never sees me. To Clyde, I won’t be your Bonnie , and I hope we never meet again.