So, I live in an apartment complex right next to a 7/11, literally a 2 minute walk from my door. So, since all this quarantine lockdown mess, I’ve been staying up later than usual til maybe 2 or 3am most nights. So, last night a little bit after 12, I had a taste for some chips and decided I’ll just go across the street to 7/11 which I go to regularly. So, I make my way over and on my way in I had to pass this man who was browsing on the Redbox kiosk. I don’t think much of it, I go inside, get some snacks, pay, head out the door. As I’m coming out, the Redbox man is literally staring dead at me with these scarily bright, light blue eyes. But, not wanting to freak myself out even more, I say to myself “maybe he’s zoned out and in deep thought”, I wander into la-la land myself sometimes so by thinking that, I was trying to make myself more comfortable having to walk past this strange man. So I’m headed back in to my apartment complex, which on this side of the street, has a creaky gate door... I realized as I was walking I never heard it slam behind me like I always have before. I look back and this man is right behind me. Not close up on me, but still.... definitely following. Once again, trying to ease my mind, I’m thinking he must be going home, but I also noticed, he didn’t have any disc in his hand for as much as he was at the kiosk the whole time I was in the store, taking my sweet-indecisive time. So, not wanting to come off as scared, I keep my same pace, but I probably should’ve sprinted, because.. fuck, being nice. Anyways, I’m literally just a few steps away from my door, which is upstairs, and the man randomly calls out to me “Hey, do you have a lighter?” Out of instinct, I turned my head to the fact I knew someone was speaking to me and responded “No, I don’t, sorry” I didn’t want to just go up my stairs, because I didn’t want to let this man know exactly which apartment I live in so I was planning on walking around until I lost him, but he asked me another question.. “Could I use your bathroom?” I tell him, “No, sorry, my roommates probably wouldn’t be comfortable with me letting someone in this late” I don’t have roommates, but I damn sure didn’t want this man getting any ideas thinking I was by myself. I keep walking, but this man was STILL following me. I simply ask “Do you live around here?” And he tells me “I have a buddy that does and he was supposed to meet me across the way there but maybe he fell asleep. I never been here before but I do know his door is #201, could you help me find it?” 201 is MY door + if you have a friend that lives over here, why are you asking to use MY bathroom?? I knew this man was lying and up to something. I quickly came up with “201? That should be right past the pool right next to the laundry area. My friends are waiting for me so I should get going” My gut told me to head to my car though, because what if he watched where I was going and decides to give me a surprise later on. No. I watch too many movies and read too many stories uploaded on here. So I start heading towards the parking lot, not running but definitely walking quicker than before, when I realize the man is CHASING me at this point. I hurry up and pull my keys out my pocket and get in my car and immediately lock the doors. The man starts pounding on my driver window telling me to “OPEN THE DOOR BITCH” i can’t help but focus on those creepy blue eyes but I also noticed he was reaching for his pocket, I start up my car before I can see what it is he’s going to pull out. I heard a *pop* but I didn’t give a fuck at that moment, as long as I could get the fuck out of his presence. I drove maybe 5 minutes down the street to this Arco gas station and called the police. Waiting on the police to arrive I noticed what the popping sound was.. this wacko popped my back tire with probably a switchblade. Of course when the police arrive and  went to check the area, the motherfucker was gone. They did question the 7-11 clerk and he let them know that that man has been up there a few times since last week and never has been a problem but is obviously homeless. I’m still shook up about what went on last night and I’m going to chill on the late night trips to 7-11 for a while. To the fucked up “Redbox Man”, lets not meet again. BUT, if we do, I have a taser for that ass on it’s way from amazon. Try me.