Before I tell my story, some of you might find it not scary or funny as people I've told laughed. I don't care, I feel as if I could have lost my life. I live in the San Gabriel Valley, which is east of Los Angeles just outside the city. I asked my friend, A, to go hiking with me. We planned to go on a hike to South Mount Hawkins. The hike was a little long, maybe 12 miles. I was up to the challenge and picked up A really early to get an early start. However, we got lost and ended up in the parking lot of what I believe was the Azusa River Wilderness parking lot. I parked and said, "Fuck it we're lost." I was a little upset and my friend and I began to look over the trail map they have on display to see if we can find the trail. It was about 7am and it was foggy. The parking lot was empty except for the cars of the nearby homes and a random van on the other side of the parking lot. I didn't care really about the van, I just wanted to do this hike. Then I heard the van door open and my friend and I looked. A man stepped out and began jogging over to us. I thought nothing of it. He was probably lost like we were. But the weird thing is that he wasn't dressed for hiking. He had jeans and a flannel on, like he was going to a bar. As he got closer, I realized he was bare foot and was looking directly at me. I still tried to find some excuse that maybe he didn't have time to put on his shoes or boots and just wanted to ask really quick question. How naïve I was. When he approached me, he asked me a question that completely threw me off guard: "Why are you saying evil things about me?" I was beyond confused. I honestly didn't know what to say and looked over at my friend who was just as confused. "Umm I didn't say any evil things about you," I said. "Yes you did. I heard every evil word you said about me!" His tone was becoming more threatening. Again, I defended myself and said something like, "I didn't say anything evil, I don't even know you." Then things got tense. He got extremely close and I mean so close where I can smell his breath. He then said, "Why would you say evil things about me? Don't you know it's wrong to say evil things about people? You should be ashamed of yourself for that!" Now I'm 5'7 and 175lbs, a pretty solid dude. But this guy was at least 6'2 so he towered over me. I also had no weapons whatsoever and didn't even know what he had so any attack would've happened quick. My eyes didn't leave his as if they were deadlocked. So many thoughts and fears raced through my mind-I thought about my parents, my brother, my friends. Is this how I end? Then, I don't know what made me say it but I told him that I was sorry for saying evil things. What happened next was really weird. He looked at me, confused about what I said, looked around, then ran back into his van. I stood there frozen but I was finally able to breathe. A and I decided to just hike the nearby trail to blow off steam. I had a mix of fear, anger, anxiety, and confusion as to what just happened. I figured he was either on drugs or was probably a schizophrenic. When we got back, his van was still there, but the parking lot was filled with families. I didn't say anything to them even if I should have warned them. I asked my friend A, "You're a Marine. If he had done something, you would've jumped in to help, right?" He shook his head, "Dude he was legit inches from you. Even if he pulled out a knife, you would've been stabbed and probably would've died." I am grateful I found a way to de-escalate the situation. This serves as a reminder that you should always trust your red-flag instincts when encountering strangers.