I am 23 years old, and I'm a trans male. Ive known for long time I didn't fit in but when I came across the word transgender, and my world changed, This was about my freshmen year of high school. I also came out as bi that year. I kept it a secret from my parents that I was bi, as well as my girlfriend. My sophomore year my mother found out I was dating a girl and confronted me. I told her I was, and she immediately gathered my sibling and step siblings in front of me. Then proceeded to tell them I was dating a girl. When I asked her why she did that, she said "I didn't want your sibling to find out through rumers at school" I was mortified, and embarrassed. It wasn't the fact that they knew. It was how it was presented. Fast forward to My junior year of high school I decided I wanted to come out as trans. Immediately I was questioned if I was confused. My mother insisted if I lost weight I would feel better. But I didn't feel the same way so I asked for a chest binder, and she told me no. I was binding my chest with duct tape for about 4 months (destroying my chest) because I was afraid to ask again, but It helped me pass...( My father found out and immediately stopped me from doing that, and I'm glad he did.) That's when I asked again for a binder, I couldn't go back to wearing bras. I finally got it. Then I decided to take it a step further with my mom and ask for boxers. Which she immediately said no, because she didn't think it was right.  I asked for men's clothes and I wasn't allowed. The only time I got men's clothes was when I went to the mall with friends. I was fine with men's clothes and a binder for awhile, but soon the dsyphoria set in again. That's when I asked my mom to get me help, and boy did she. I remember seeing 2 different people, one of these people were there to test me. To see if I was truly transgender, and he told me I wasn't. So now my mom has validation, and im being told that it's a phase, it's not real and I'm not transgender. I think this destroyed my view of myself. Who am I then? I was 16 at this time and had my mother in my ear telling me what to say and how to think. I became embarrassed of myself, of being trans.  I dropped the whole thing because of the extreme backlash I got from my family. I brought it up a year ago to my mother, who scoffed and said "that was a confusing time for you" and I didn't continue the conversation further. To this day I cry when I talk about myself being trans. I cannot say the word transgender without feeling guilty and ashamed. I'm struggling to find my identity and in my head it's a daily fight. I have my mom's words in my head "you can't be bi and transgender" (false) "I think you're just lesbian" (false) "you are not transgender." And then I think to myself when I see my future, I'm a man. When I see myself in dreams I'm a man, and people call me by my true name. I feel like I'm chasing a dream.. and I'm tired of faking that it isn't deeply effecting my thinking and mental well being. Is anyone else struggling? I know I shouldn't be afraid, but that fact is is that I am, and I don't know how to overcome that fear.