I was raised religious but I in no way believe that God would create gay people just to hate them for what they are. I am in denial that my family doesn't share my view on this matter. I am pretty sure on my grandma(gm) but not sure on my mother(M). One time M and me are talikng about psychopaths and she said she once had a friend who she thought was a psychopath. Then later I half joked how I wished I liked girls (I am female) she responded with how she was glad I didn't like girls. And what makes me think she is homophobic is she then proceeds to tell me about some gay friends of hers in the same tone she talked the psychopath. Now this wouldn't be a big issue except that for the past 2 and a bit years I have been crushing on a transgender girl (male to female) and before she officially became a girl she would dress up as a girl and as a guy so I just thought she was just gender fluid. So at this time I had just gotten back into contact with my mom after 7-8 years, a story for another time, and I told her about her and how I loved when she wore dresses a little more than when she dressed as a guy and them we had a whole conversation about how she views it and she basically called her a pervert and asked me if I would want her to be with someone that went around cheating on her with men and I shut her down quick but it still hurt my feelings that she insulted her  and other lgbtq people like that. Now this hasn't been an issue for a little more than a year now because as much as I loved and adored her it was one-sided on my part, but lately we have been hanging out more and she is starting to like me more as well and there is a possibility of our relationship developing into more than friends and I am stoked. However there is a part of me that thinks back on that incident and shivers inside. I am completely ready to choose her if it comes down to it because this wouldn't be the first time I've been without them and I have other non bio family that love me no matter what. I love her So much and want to share her with everyone but I fear it will lead to a choice I don't want to have to make. So I guess my question is AITI for worrying about this when we aren't even dating? Do I wait to bring this up until we are?