I am a 16 year old sophomore boy and go to a small private Catholic high school. Although it may seem rough being a closeted gay kid here, it’s actually not that bad. The teachers don’t force their beliefs down your throat and one of my teachers even has a lesbian sister. I never thought I would have problems with any of the students either. It’s a very close knit school since there is only about 200 students. However, there are a few people who I don’t talk to because we don’t share the same interests and these happen to be the sophomore boys in my grade. Today, I was walking with a really close friend and these boys were walking behind me. One boy came up to me and help out his hand pretending to hold a microphone. He was doing this with lots of kids down the hall and he came to me. He was asked me the same question he asked everyone else, he said “Who’s your favorite pornstar?” I was thinking in my head if I should play along with the joke and say a female pornstar I know (but obviously I don’t watch for obvious reasons) or if I should just laugh it off and keep walking. Just for background, it’s not like they were necessarily just picking on me, but I never get bullied and I’ve never been bullied so I was surprised for what happened next. I laughed it off and looked back at them shaking my head smiling and being friendly since I don’t have a problem with them until I heard one of the boys say “He probably watches gay porn.” They all burst out laughing and keep walking. Keep in mind that I was walking with my friend. Thank God she didn’t hear because now isn’t the time I want to be talking about my sexuality and coming out to her. But it really made me embarrassed. I’ve never done anything to these boys and they haven’t done anything to me. I have classes with a few of them. I’m usually a bubbly friendly guy. Like a part of me just wants to come out as soon as possible in spite of this. I’m ready, I know I am. I just don’t know if my parents are. I’ve written about them in past posts and they’re opinions are the only ones that matter to me, I don’t care if I lose friends (which I doubt I will) or anything else. My parents are really the only thing holding me back because I’m scared of their reactions. Anyway, that’s it. I have mixed emotions right now and have had depressing episodes where I just cry and cry for the past few months.