Hey guys. I'm a trans guy and im 16 years old, ive "known" since about 6th grade and have been doing research ever since that day. My grandmother (primary guardian, has custody) has dementia, and although its not terrible, its pretty bad. She started off not very supportive, but we have made great progress through the years and we got my name legally changed last year. at this time we had been going to therapy and my therapist helped with that, but we quit going for about a year. we started going back to her (the therapist) about 4 weeks ago to start talking about starting T. the first 2 sessions were talking about what it was, what it would do, the big changes that my grandma would notice. throughout these sessions my grandma would repeat herself a lot easily letting my therapist know her "forgetfulness" has gotten much worse. she'd say things like "Now this is reversible, right?" and "Now if he doesn't want to do this, it can get reversed, right?" now this would be fine, however she would repeat it very often, one of the sessions, half the time we only talked about how this is reversible and if i change my mind its fine. she would ask these questions (and very similar ones) at least 10 times in the 1 hour session. shes said she's completely on board, but it also seems like she forgets what testosterone really does. my therapist contacted me after reviewing our session we had yesterday and said that my grandma seemed kinda out of it, like she wasn't really there. (which i agree) she also said that if we go into the endocrinologists office and my grandmas acting all confused saying things like "Now why are we here?" "What are we doing here?" the Dr. will not prescribe the T because she will see my grandmother unfit to make that decision for a minor. in the 2nd therapy session my grandma seemed like she was doing good though, knew the main changes that she would see. however, she could only remember that for about 10 minutes, then it was the same questions all over again. well, now finally for my point. i had felt fine with everything until about an hour ago, i started questioning myself. i am not extremely excited over the moon about going on testosterone, it just feels like another one of those things. it was the same for my name change, yes i wanted it changed, yes i am very happy about it getting changed, but i was never super excited about it. i just feel like it should of always been this way anyways so im just doing what i need to, to make myself happy and content with myself. i *hate* being called "she" "her" "female" "girl" and very much prefer male pronouns. i want the deep voice, the facial hair, the adams apple, the muscle growth and everything in between. i have no idea why im questioning myself, i just am and i had an off feeling about this right before writing it, but now i am feeling better. maybe i just needed to get this off my chest? thank you to everyone who reads, i know this is long. :-)