If you are reading this, it means you have accused me, another Libertarian or AnCap, or Libertarians and AnCaps in general of being pedophiles or ephebophiles simply because of their political leanings. Way to go, you have single-handedly destroyed a 400 year old political ideology with an Ad-Hominem. Nobody has ever called us pedophiles before, nor has anyone debunked or proved this claim wrong before, you are the first. Yes, you have uncovered the singular motive of every single person on lower-right quandrant of the political compass. These people don’t want to preserve the constitution, their second amendment rights, rights to life, liberty, and property. They don’t care about individual autonomy, self governance, freedom from authoritarian tyranny, or the Non Agression Principle. They don’t give a damn about Locke, Hobbes, Hayek, Mises, natural rights, Austrian economics, or economic or social liberty. The only reason that they think, act, and vote the way they do is because they want to fuck kids. Sarcasm aside, I’m really tired of people parroting the same misinformed insult that everyone else does, even though it has no substance to it. If you’re doing it as a joke, disregard this. I get it, it’s funny to call Libertarians and AnCaps pedos, just like it’s funny to call leftists safe-space pronoun triggered PC babies, or call all conservatives bible thumping confederate flag gun-nut Facebook warriors. It’s funny and easy to plaster a grossly portrayed two dimensional caricature over complex, nuanced and sophisticated political ideologies and ideas. But it’s NOT a substitute for a real criticism or rebuttal, and I would expect anyone with two brain cells to rub together to know that. With that out of the way, let’s get to the meat of it. You probably believe that in an anarchist society, morality would dissolve and without Age of Consent laws being set and enforced by the state, society would devolve into a chaotic orgy of grown adults fucking teenagers and children. This idea is wrong for two reasons; the first being the N.A.P. I assume that since you have committed this poorly executed act of groupthink that you haven’t actually taken the time to familiarize yourself with Libertarian or  AnarchoCapitalist beliefs, philosophies, or literature, and thus don’t know what the NAP is. The Non-Aggression-Principle is the central doctrine of the lower-right. It states that any force or action that violates the natural rights(life, liberty, property) of someone who does not or cannot consent is illegitimate, and equal retaliatory force is justified. All voluntary action which does not violate this principle is permissible. Put simply;- don’t hurt people or take their stuff. Since children cannot consent to an exploitative act with an adult, an act of pedophilia or hebephilia would be in violation of the primary belief of Libertarianism. It is true that a lack of any Age of Consent law makes the line between who can and cannot consent more blurry. This brings us to the next reason you are wrong; laws, including the age of consent, are simply democratically set forth by society based on their given morality and sets of values,- we as a society decide how young is too young, not some arbitrary third party. If you hold the commandments of the state in such high regard that you reject this basic fact in favor of the assertion that democratic legislation is absolute, then naturally you must think that the law is the only thing separating us from all-out orgies with children and animals and what not. I like to call this the Hobbes fallacy, the intellectual offspring of 17th century philosopher Thomas Hobbes, who argued to an end that Man’s natural state was individualistic barbarism to a point of psychopathy, and that Man needed a government to straighten him out (if humans are naturally evil, and government is made of men, isn’t government evil? Checkmate, statist). Even if Hobbes was right, and government was a wholly moral institution, then you must concede to accept any democratically decided AoC laws. You must respect countries like Japan, where the Age of Consent is 13, or Central American countries where it’s 12, or Yemen, where it’s 9, or Saudi Arabia, where you can fuck a child at any age as long as you marry them first (but two adult men in love can’t get married, cause we gotta draw the line somewhere, right?). So your perfect system isn’t as perfect as you thought, right? And most of the time it isn’t the law that protects kids, anyway. It’s mostly vigilant parents, Chris Hansen, or people who catfish predators online and meet them in person to beat the shit out of them. But according to the government, that’s assault, and the pedophile is legally protected. I hope it’s clear now that it isn’t the state that stops pedos, it is the cultural sensibilities of society, which libertarians are NOT trying to dissolve. For all of history, offending pedophiles were dealt with by members of a community who owned a pitchfork, baseball bat, or shotgun. If the motive of libertarians or AnCaps was to get away with childsex, you would see them trying to push the Overton Window to depict it as socially acceptable, which is something you don’t see them doing, you probably can’t even name one AnCap writer who defends it. This is not to say that there are absolutely ZERO lower-right people who like ‘em young. It is impossible to speak in absolutes, just like I’m sure there are SOME people who voted for Bernie because they want to reestablish the Soviet Union, and there are probably SOME people who voted for Trump because they want to creat a white ethnostate. These people aren’t the majority though, not by a long shot, and the fact of the matter is that 99.9% of Libertarians and AnarchoCapitalists are normal people just like you or me, with normal lives and normal sexual preferences with people who are 18+. Even if you still don’t respect it as a political ideology, I hope you think next time before you accuse ANYONE of being a sexual predator.