I’m 27 years old (M) , & for as long as I can remember I’ve always had trouble keeping friends in my life. Same goes for relationships. I’ve never had a girlfriend, & never had a friendship last more than a few months. It just seems like people always find a way to exit my life. I just hate meeting someone I like only for them to leave without any explanation. My whole life I’ve been shy with girls until last year. Last May I created an online dating profile & I met up with a total of 4 girls. The 1st girl I really liked and she said she liked me. We talked everyday for 3 weeks & went on 4 dates. We were supposed to go on a 5th date, but she gave me the lamest excuse. Later on she told me she was going through stuff and wanted to be alone. A week after not hearing from her, I texted her and she gave me the “It’s not you, it’s me” & never heard from her again. The 2nd girl I met up with was pretty interesting. She said she lived in my hometown around the same time I was still living there, which is a big coincidence because I live 2200 miles away from my hometown, so meeting someone who said she lived there is very interesting. We hung out 5 times. The 1st time we met at the movies, & I guess it went okay. Sometimes she would stop talking to me, but then she would message me again. Last time I heard from her was a month ago after I reactivated my IG account after 2 months of having it deactivated. We talked for 2 days, then she stopped again ... my point is that every person I meet always stops talking to me! I don’t know why. I even made an IG account to post my car and all the upgrades I do to it in hopes of making friends with the same interests as me, but I haven’t made a single friend. Tbh I hate my life, I’m so lonely & my days off from work are so depressing. Every day I feel like purchasing a gun and shooting myself in the head with it. I have so much anger at life that I end up taking it out on others. I have so much anger that my face literally mutated and now I look angry 24/7 . I feel like there’s no hope for me and I’m just gonna have to deal with every wave of depression that life throws at me.