let's talk about the ending i think the only ending that makes sense is "blood Brother" the one that sean and Daniel cross the border and build their garage and i think it's the primary and the true endings that the writers and developers choose it and want the players to get there! Why you say? I tell you why because you can see the music is different from all the others ending it's kinda feel like a happy ending the brothers finally reached their goal going to their father land and build a garage and you can see their business is good too from the safe, let's discuss the other endings the one that Daniel suddenly turn into a Saint and jump out of the car!!! The stupidest and very surreal unbelievable a 10 year old boy who suppose to follow his brother step leaving his only family after all the things he done for him! And look at the outcome the police is leaving him alone to live with his grandparents what is this a child story book ending!? Yeah they attach a electronic device to his foot! We know what they do if they catch someone with ability they bring the shit out of him with endless experiment they even turn him to pieces for finding an answer, letting him live with his grandparents like a normal kid come on who write this ending the 5 years old daughter of one of the writers!? Ok let's move to others endings the one that Sean decides to surrender but Daniel refuses for the first time Daniel start showing some sense and say something unexpected from his character "he says : after all thing's we been through! Is it be for nothing!?" yeah Daniel thank you to show some sanity, after all the hell they been through Sean decided to surrender and give up but Daniel do the right thing for the first time in his life and says it's my turn to take care of us but unfortunately he fails and Sean died i love the rest of this ending where we Daniel drawing in sean sketchbook and built a memorial for his brother and even tattooed his brother face on his chest it's a touching moment i love it, the other endings where they both agree to surrender is not good too Sean going to prison for 15 years! Really injustice and unfair for a mistake made by a rookie cop who cowardly shot a unarmed man and lead to that accident there is two scene after sean came out of prison (depend on your choice) the one that is only Daniel and karen (oh my god look at her how disgusting she look i mean life is been hard to her indeed) i don't like it but the other one that lyla was there too i love it i mean she even deserves a 15 years going to prison just to see her again i really hoped there was more scenes with lyla but that's ok i think that's all thanks for reading