I’m a 18m who has 0 social life other than a PS4 friend who I’ve been talking too for the past 5-6 years, I’ve only ever been to a friends house once when I was in the third grade. I have a couple people at school that I socialize with in class but at lunch and in the morning I sit in the library playing on my phone, I go straight to my next class when the bell rings I don’t talk to anyone on the way there. Most of my classes consist of me sitting there not talking because I’m too nervous of what people might think of me when I speak or look at them. Last semester I almost failed because I didnt want to do a presentation about my dreams because I didn’t know and I’m very nervous about speaking in front of my class. Ive never been abused or anything i don’t know why I’m so self conscious about my looks when I’ve really never been bullied or abused. I don’t even talk to my father who I live with, I just can’t, in my head I’m like say something do something but my body just goes “ok” I’m monotone 24/7 other than when I’m with my mom. When I’m with her I’m like a kid again. Most of my life was spent with my mom but where she lives I can’t go to school so I have to live with my dad. I go over to her house on the weekend when Sunday rolls around I get depressed realizing I’m basically going to spend the next week alone. This mindset of me being a loner with no friends really only happened when I moved freshmen year, I’m now a junior. When I moved I was promised I’d go back. About a 2 months before I moved I was living with my grandparents and my dad, well my grandfather passed away, and this is why we moved. About a year later my grandmother passed after having a stroke. I never cried, I felt sad but I just woke up the next day like nothing happened. Everyday feels like the last, it’s like a rotation, I wear the same clothes everyday because I go to school with uniforms, I stay in my room everyday from when I get home till when I go to school the next day, I use to play video games but that has gotten boring. Everything has gotten boring. I used to skate but I don’t anymore, I’ve gained weight. I barely shower and brush my teeth. I rarely clean my room. My gpa is a 1.7, (I only have 4 classes) my grades are eh, did I say I have no motivation? I smoke pot as soon as I get home because I need some sorta escape. I actually just cleaned my room and brushed my teeth because today has been an extra mentally hard day and I feel like it helped. I’m not suicidal, I wouldn’t ever do it but I feel like I’m stuck in life and nothing is happening.