I'm 18 and almost done with high school. Thank God. Recently had a friend tell me he was going to rape someone who was related to my crush. He was my best friend. It hurt so much to do to turn him in. So I told my crush so she'd turn him in. It is important to know I asked her out last year. Of course he told her I made it up for attention to try and get with her. Of course she believed it. Because when I asked her out she said no. Yeah I know it was dumb to think she'd say yes. Because I'm fat, loud ,and obnoxious. Even though I'm trying to change myself. Yeah I know my profile picture is a girl. I'm a lesbian not that matters. Not trying to be one of those gays that have to remind you they're gay every five minutes. No I did not ask out a straight girl she said she was bi. But yeah that takes away from my high school safe place now. I got new friends,but we're all poor some don't even have data so I can't even text them or hang out with them. So I can't see them at school. I've tried getting a job in this smal town every year. My mom says I need to get a job. I once finally got a job only for her to call the place and tell them its not a good fit for me because I have autism. Because local owners talk and the other hs students talk that work there because of the rape thing. I'm known as a liar and autistic kid everywhere I go.And other places I've got applications for she says she doesn't want  me working there. However, I still need to get a job. She calls me a liar for everything like when she misplaces something. We live in a trailer single so its small. We lost the house. I found the trailer and got screwed with the small jail cell like room. Which I guess symbolically stands for the prison I feel like I live in. I'm constantly told I'm a disappointment. My mom sister and brother gang up on me with that shit. I'm the reason why this trailer is a mess and I always have to clean everything. The thing is my mom is a hoarder and is constantly buying new clothes and furniture and has papers everywhere. I keep asking her to stop but I guess I'm telling her what to do and how to live her life. On top of that being fat thing. My mom only buys fast food and unhealthy food. My mom also got hurt at work. But constantly bitches about how much she still hurts after the surgery and heal time it took. She always uses that against me.Guess what I don't have good genes. No matter how little I eat or how much I work out I'm still fat. I wanna blame why I feel so shitty on corona virus lock downs and not being able to see my friends but I know that's a lie. I keep telling myself one day after I graduated I'm going to be making enough money to get out of here. But with the Coronavirus I may not be able too the hs sends me to a trade school so I should've been able to be certified in welding and I could skip college. With the Coronavirus out and not being to go to school I don't think I'm going to be able to get out of here. Without that welding money. I know I'm going to be living out my days check by check even if I am. I don't even have a bank account. So I'm hoping with the graduation money if I'm able to that I've it so I can get a job. There's so much more I could've said but I just needed to vent about those things. I'm not looking for pitty just to vent. Sorry if I come off as entitled or just so depressing all the time. I hate people like that I don't wanna be the Center of attention with poor me shit. I hate people like that. Sorry if there's grammar mistakes. Only had to have a few minutes without my mom bitching on me to vent.