Honey. That was the color of her eyes. She had beautiful, brown eyes that had their own language. They say that eyes are “the windows to the souls” and they’re right, just by looking at her eyes you could understand what she was going through. Being diagnosed with diabetes she suffered immensely. All the memories I have of her involve her being sick, in the hospital or her being on bed rest. Having her close was comforting, but it was difficult seeing her ill. She would stay at my home from time to time, and with my parents working I would take care of her. Being the oldest out of three, I faced the responsibility of not only taking care of my siblings but also my grandmother. Margarita was her name. Like the drink, she was resilient. She would often call me her “little nurse” or her “angel” and would speak to me with such a gentle, kind manner. Coming from Mexico, she learned from a young age that hard work and perseverance was what would take her places. She grew up in what was seen as a “well-off” family and attended private schools back in Mexico. It was known to many how intelligent she was, and what knowledge she brought to the people of her town. Being well-off she dressed well, stayed clean and loved to learn. She met my grandfather in town, he came from a small ranch nearby and was noticeably poor. I remember her telling me the first time she saw him, he was wearing old dirty clothing that looked to be handed down, torn up sandals, and a hat to protect him from the sun. With only a couple cents in his pockets, he had been in town that day to pick up a few things from the market that his family needed. Walking to the market he saw her, Margarita with her sisters talking outside their house. They made eye-contact, noticed each other. It was as though their hearts synchronized with every blink they each made.   They fell in love and settled down, raising eleven children but practically all on her own. My grandfather sought the opportunity to work under the Bracero Program and would often send her money for support. It was not until most of the kids grew up where she decided to also cross that border and come to the U.S. for a better life. Here, she found opportunity, friendship and hardship. Her sickness got worse over the years. She developed new sicknesses with diabetes such as Parkinson’s disease and eventually blindness. I recollect myself feeling such hurt when being told this. My grandmother would not be able to see my face evolve, to see my eyes the same color as hers (as my father said). Those brown eyes that speak in the glimpses of the sun were no longer to be seen by hers. She stayed with my Aunt most often, and we would go visit her almost every single day. A couple years went on and her sickness worsened. She spent countless nights in the hospital and got so bad that she couldn’t go back home. We would visit her everyday. February 28, was the day she passed in my father's arms. As she laid in bed my father next to her, looked into those honey golden eyes and saw emptiness.