I used to have a friend who was very clingy, overly dependent, and often lashed out when his life was difficult. He did have quite a stressful life, but it eventually just became glaringly obvious that he had no control over his emotional responses to all his problems. One day (the day after I had a lengthy conversation with him about his lashing out problem), he went way too far and pretty much just straight up berated me in front of our other friends. So I decided I had enough, and I stopped being friends with him. There were two other friends in my friend group (we are all still friends, and all female if that matters) and they were sort of caught in the middle. I didn’t pressure them to stop being friends with him or anything, but they eventually realized that he was toxic for them as well. One of my friends, let’s call her A. A was in a relationship with the ex friend several months prior to all of this, but they broke up and were still on friendly terms. However, he was incredibly clingy towards her, and basically acted the same way they did when they were dating. He was always hounding her to know where she was during our morning breaks and lunch breaks at school, so that they could hang out. A is not good at saying no, so she ended up becoming quite isolated from me and our other friend, who we’ll call B. Ex friend also has quite intense cases of anxiety and depression, which made A feel even more guilty for even thinking about not being his friend. She eventually managed to tell him that she wanted space, and started hanging out with B and I during our breaks. Now we are all practicing social distancing during the virus, and we’re on the phone together almost every day. A has decided for sure that she doesn’t want to be his friend, and it planning on cutting him off sometime soon. However, despite this, B is always mentioning him. They are still “friends-“ meaning she doesn’t actually want to be his friend, but is afraid of dropping him just for the sake of the good memories. Whenever A was talking about dropping him, she did mention not having the guts to do it herself, but she would also drop him if she did. She has also mentioned on many occasions that he is toxic, or that he is an a-hole. But she sort of keeps.. bringing him up? Whenever he wants to be on a call, she doesn’t deny him- and she mentioned not having a certain grocery at home because of the virus, and he brought  three containers of it to her house randomly! I know it’s terrible for me to complain about someone being “generous,” but something he has always done is give over the top gifts, or gift for no reason. He never said it, but it always felt like a ‘take this and don’t stop being my friend’ kind of present. The point is, A is very uncomfortable with him, I actually get irritated just hearing his name, and B can just always manage to drop his name casually as though we’re all still buddies? She’s either pretending to be his friend, or pretending to not want to be his friend. I’m not even sure if I have the grounds to be annoyed at this? I know she has a bad habit of not letting toxic people go, but honestly it makes it hard to tell she really cares about how A and I feel about him. I just don’t know where to go from here.