I'm 21 years old now, still living with my parents, depressed, overweight, agoraphobic, unemployed, the whole nine yards. I'm afraid to talk to people in person and over the phone, I've ended up in the hospital several times trying to work on my feet due to my back problems. I have Scoliosis and Degenerative Disk Disease. I guess that's what happens when you're 6'7" and over 400lbs. At this point I'm borderline suicidal. I'm so afraid of making mistakes that I never want to do anything. My parents are getting tired of putting up with me, just sitting in my room all day making excuses. They tell me I need a job, they tell me they believe in me and that I can do it, but then they turn around and bully me every chance they get. I really don't know where to go from here. If I had a job maybe things would change, but no matter how hard I try I just can't be a successful adult. I never learned how. I used to live in a really bad neighborhood, and went to a really bad school, but it didn't turn me into a bad person. I hid away from it instead of embracing it. I stayed in my room where I felt safe, I would lose myself to my video games because they were the only thing in my life I felt I had control over, it was the only time I truly felt as though I was accomplishing anything. Growing up I never really made my own decisions, I didn't like conflict, my father is the type of person that doesn't like to admit when he's wrong. If I ever called him out on his mistakes he'd punish me by taking away things I cared about. Once he told me that if I didn't do anything wrong I had nothing to fear. I took that to heart. Anytime I felt wrongly accused by him, I'd endure any punishment he threw at me, no matter how much he took I didn't care, I would sit in my empty room and wait until he finally gave up. This wasn't a very healthy habit to learn, I'll admit. Now as an adult, I don't know how to properly deal with my problems, so I just try to push them away, and if that's not an options, I'll just do the same thing I did as a kid, I'll accept whatever "punishment" I don't deserve and just hope the problem goes away. If someone tells me "you have to do this or this will happen" it makes me feel like when I was a kid, when my dad would threaten to take away my things. My response to them is always just to do whatever they're gonna do to me and get away from me. Even if they didn't actually mean it as a threat. I know I probably need therapy, but I honestly don't think I'm worth it. I've wasted so much time already. When you've spent your whole life letting others make your decisions for you, then suddenly one day you're told you're on your own. What can you do?