Okay so there's really a lot to unpack here. I'll give you some information to help with context. First off I'm a male, 24, living in America. I've been stuck in a job that I've grown to hate over the past 2 years. This job pays me more than any other job offer or job posting that I've seen. I currently have no other prospects for a job right now. This job involves a lot of sacrifice with 60+ hour work weeks and I'm personally not a big fan of working that many hours within a week. On top of all of this I am not the least bit interested in the field that I am in. I generally just have zero desire to work and most of the interests that I do have are not very valuable in terms of making money from them. I struggle with depression and anxiety and I can only feel it getting worse and worse. It's come to the point where I just do not want to live and I don't really have a drive or motivation to want to go on in this life. I feel as if everything is a scam. About a year or so ago I got really into the "self help" game and dived into all of the books and videos and even went to the point of buying courses that were supposed to help which looking back they were really just recycled information that I could find anywhere else and I spent entirely to much money for them. Every where that I look to find some kind of helpful information I am met with another person trying to sell me some kind of bullshit product and it is entirely defeating to me. At this point I don't know where to turn, I've tried therapy in the past, I have family to talk to but they don't really seem to have any real ideal solution for me. I'm convinced that life is just suffering and I'm just waiting to die. I feel that my life is meaningless and I don't have any drive or any real desire to do anything about it. I constantly have the questions in my head of what to do and each time I am met with "I don't know" and it's making me really mad. If I don't have the answers and I don't know anyone who has the answers or can't find anyone who has the answers then I'm just sitting here living a meaningless life which I wish to end. I never thought that life would be like this at a kid and it's really not been a great experience thus far. I feel like all of the wonder and imagination has just completely left my body and I'm left with grey dullness and despair. I don't want to go on like this anymore. Does anybody have any idea how to navigate this world without scamming or being scammed by someone else? I also feel like a slave to my job and while I do make enough to survive, it's not really enough to be able to quit so it's just going to be like this for the next 60 years? If thats the case then why do people keep reproducing and forcing this experience upon innocent humans? I am filled with a lot of hatred and anger for the world and I feel completely powerless over my environment and experience. I hope to never have children because I wouldn't wish this upon my worst enemy much less my own flesh and blood. FUCK