Let me start by saying that I used to not like and refused to watch Mexican soccer when I was much younger. My father loved everything about Mexican soccer as he came from Mexico and truly enjoyed watching it while growing up. My father always used to tell me come and watch the national team or pumas play (his favorite team). I would refuse and used to only watch European soccer and I used to tease him saying that European soccer was much more superior. My father always took it graciously and used to say that European soccer was beautiful and a spectacle to watch, but soccer from the americas was about passion and heart. I never understood why he used to say that up until one day when I joined my father and sat down with him to watch a copa libertadores match out of curiosity. It was the 2010 Copa Libertadores round of 16 match chivas v Vélez Sarsfield, before this game the Mexican national team took a good core of chivas squad to play some national team games that were being played at the same time. This prompted chivas to call up a very inexperienced squad of mostly young kids (ex. The goalie liborio Sanchez). Chivas was playing the second leg of the series against Vélez Sarsfield and they won the first match 3-0 at home. I’ll never forget watching that young team run through the tunnel, flares smoking up all of the stadium making it very difficult to see. Fans chanting at the top of their lungs, while chivas playing with a young squad standing unfazed and ready to play. I watched that game with my father both of us were nervous as we didn’t know what to expect. It was at that moment that I knew what he meant about passion and heart. Everything from the fans, the atmosphere, the hostility, and the emotion. I felt so many different feelings that match that I was never able to feel it as much with a European soccer match. When the game became 2-0 my father would run inside the bathroom if a corner kick was in favor of Vélez or a free kick was in favor of Vélez. My hands were sweaty and I would close my eyes hoping chivas would maintain the lead. In the end the young squad played heroically and they did not let Vélez score one more goal. Although the team played in foreign soil and they were constantly being attacked they would not let that 3rd goal go in. I remember the young players getting hurt but they would get up. By the time the game ended and chivas held the lead I remember crying with my father as we were so proud of the team. We are not chivas fans neither my father or I, but from that day forward we loved watching Mexican/Mexico teams compete at the highest level against the best. After that match I loved watching Mexican soccer. I love liga MX. I especially loved la Copa Libertadores. Every match regardless of the Mexican team that would play I would race home turn on the television call my father as some Copa Libertadores games would be on at 3pm and tell him what was happening until he joined me at home to watch it. Mexican soccer gave me a wonderful relationship with my dad that before I was never able to share with him. I now understood what he meant by passion and heart. I love Mexican soccer. Thank you for reading and I hope all of you have wonderful stories about Mexican soccer that you can share.