Nothing against this subreddit or it’s people I love it completely. I feel that sometimes the comments and replies can get a bit too heated when it comes to the sport we all love. It’s not a lack of thick skin or whatever but it’s the fact that on posts that are so clearly memes and shitposts you almost always see people going against others teams, calling Americanistas “Amierdicanistas” and a bunch of other shit. Come on man, we’re here to talk and shitpost about the sport and league we love, not to just absolutely shit on each others opinions because of the teams we root for and whatever. You see a post talking about America and there’s people shitting in the comments, post about Tigres there’s people shitting in the comments, Rayados, Atlas, Chivas, whatever it is people are shitting in the comments. Like a couple of months ago I made a discussion post asking people about their opinion about what should’ve happened to Nahuel after he kneed the Santos player, it was a great discussion with a lot of insight, in the end it was decided that it should’ve been red for Nahuel and yellow for the Santos guy. But in that post a Tigres fan (nothing against Tigres I actually kind of admire and respect their team) talked about the rules and explained the red card yellow card thing, but he ended the whole thing saying I was just mad because I was a Rayados fan, like dude, come on, I’m listening to everyone’s opinions, Tigres, Rayado, America, I don’t give a shit I’m here to talk about Fútbol not shit on your team, and I kept trying to have a conversation and he kept insisting the only reason this post existed was because I was a Rayado, in the end I gave up on the guy because there’s no point in arguing. But I mean come on guys, why do we have to shit on each others teams, just be civil, dont shit on someone because their flare happens to be a rivals team or some team you don’t like. We’re here to talk about soccer and shitpost. That’s it that’s all, super randomly and definitely missing punctuation but yeah... those are my thoughts.