 ive come to ask you to relax and enjoy your every moment and time spent engaging in this wonderful journey on planet earth, enjoy and honor your family and friends but mostly let go of the need to control the unfolding of every event and of the entire day. Let go of any planning and any expectations, let go and flow with mothers time allowing your soul to guide you through your daily moments. sit quietly or move along through your day peacefully knowing that everything that arises in your consciousness has a great purpose , most of you have shifted gracefully into the new wonderful yous and what a breath of fresh air, it feels so good doesnt it? Everything is shifting such as your family, your home , your pets , your work, everything is brighter and feels more alive, there is more laughter and joy. There is so much more happiness around thee, congratulations dearest ones and yes there are times when the old or new issues arise and you respond in the old fashioned, indeed there is that split second where you can make the decision to stay in the higher vibration and lovingly analyze what is happening or you can slip back into the 3rd dimensional ways of reacting by trying to control blame, defend and so on. You know those destructive and soul diminishing types of acting out, when this happens dearest ones take a deep breath and stop, take a little break and distance yourself from the situation and then forgive and love yourselves from the situation and then forgive and love yourselves and everyone else unconditionally. Yes my dearest ones it has to be you that acts in a mature and completely novel way to break and completely dismantle the old. Let go of any judgement and then return to your new self knowing that it takes some practice to overcome some of the old habits and knee-jerk reactions created by your old and now cleared core issues. Its like the phantom pain, it lingers around until you consciously and repetitively choose a new way of being, eliminating the need to struggle and suffer. Your new heart,mind and brain connection and circuits will become stronger and stronger and soon will take over and entirely bypass the old and outdated ones. Be patient with your new selves be kind and gentle with your close soul family that is assisting you greatly while you are adjusting and accommodating to your new and upgraded self, be honest with yourself and everyone else and then shift back into your higher vibration and into the peace of your heart. For there is no other way to move forward, endeavor to stretch that split second, that moment before reacting to things and situations that could trigger the old ways of responding. Be confident that you can slow down time, ask it to slow down so you can delve deeper into the underlying reasons for any upsetting situations and make the right choice to respond. The choice of understanding the way of compassion and love, a warrior stays poised and calm in every situation by making that choice even when triggered by chaos and storm. You are right there dearest and brave ones, you have arrived home , i leave you now with my love and brotherly embrace.