Hey everyone, I have to admit it’s a little exciting to discover that there’s a group on here for this small city we live in. I just wish this small city was better. I’m still in high school but I don’t feel that I fit in here at all. I like 60’s music and other newer small singers. I like all the older shows/movies such as I Love Lucy, The Beverly Hill Billies, Bewitched, Taxi, and The Golden Girls. Also being from Lima, people think I’m crazy for disliking country music. I feel like I’m one of the few people my age that doesn’t care about what other people think. I feel that I have no outlet being from here and having nothing to do. My financial situation has gone down with things happening and my mom having to get a second job. (This post is not about this but, it’s frustrating to see my mother (57) struggling to work at two jobs and then having classmates that brag about getting free lunch and medical) At school I experience (slight) racism. (I look white, but I’m half Mexican and also black) People think it’s funny to yell “go back over the border” when both my mom and I were born in Lima, and my dad was a U.S citizen. I’ve been called a wetback “as a joke” and my family doesn’t believe that it’s “that bad”. I just wish the people of Lima/my school were a little nicer. I’ve had better conversations with some nice random older ladies at the store than I’ve had at school. I’m just tired of being around immature people. Maybe I sound immature writing this, I don’t know, but I digress. My goal in life is to make Lima better. I want to go to college to become an Urban Designer. I want to restore all the older buildings to their original form and bring in beautiful new buildings and some greenery. I want there to be something for people of every age. I want to attract people and really put Lima on the map. I know it’s forever away, but daydreaming about this kind of stuff keeps me sane. I’d like to here your opinion on what would make Lima a better place/what’d you like to see put in. Also it’s hard to find a nice vegetarian restaurant around here. So if you have some suggestions about anything that I mentioned it’d really be helpful. Thanks to whoever read all that :)