The conversation with my nurse drifted to sex. She felt bad for me being in the hospital and all with no sex.  She suggested that it'd be okay for me to take care of myself.  So after a minute I began to do it under the covers just enough for her to see what I was doing, while she was putting away stuff in the cupboard behind me. From the mirror on the wall I could I noticed she was watching.  That encouraged me to make it more obvious so I let the blanket slide down a little showing my belly.  I spread my legs wide.  I let out a small sigh when I came and said oh that's better.  Standing closer now she smiled and said let me get you a tissue.  As she handed it to me I pulled down the blanket further giving her a look at just a bit of my penis and the come on my belly.  I could tell by her deep breathing she was aroused.   She took the tissue from me and crushed it in her hand. Well she said I'm going home now but I'll see you again tomorrow.  Our eyes met and we smiled.  Next morning.  Hello she said did you have a pleasant night?  Okay I replied but I guess I'm a little horny. It's the  usual thing in the morning.  Well you can take care of that she said smiling and standing by the bed looking down at my penis area.  I started to massage myself as I did the day before but this time I pulled down the blanket to reveal quite a bit my bare chest and some pubic hair.  If she was standing behind she would get a view of my hand over my dick going up and down.  She stood closer now watching as I gyrated a bit to give her a show.  She let out a deep sigh. I came and then relaxed and she said 'was it a good one honey?'  I said yes only not as good as the real thing.  So the next morning there she was again and as she went about checking my temperature and blood pressure and looking at the monitor I started to again slightly massage myself.  She could tell what I was doing and made a comment about it being time to have fun.  Is it alright to do it I asked.  Of course you know it is she replied.  Now I again pulled down the blanket exposing my chest and this time with my knees pulled up she could see my hand on my cock.  Oh honey you have a beautiful penis she said exhaling a deep sigh. Thank you I said modestly. I arched my back as I came and now the blanket was completely off showing all of my erect cock with come dripping. I'll clean that up for you.  Her voice was shaky as she wiped the come off my abdomen and penis.  I'm sorry I said I didn't mean for you to see all that but I just couldn't help it.  No no that's alright she said and just between you and me I like it.  I said thank you for letting me do this, it's a big relief.  I only wish I had a real partner but going solo is still good.  Oh I know she said looking at my still exposed body longingly.  I wish I could help you out but well you know hospital policy I could lose my job.  Yeah I said then added I have to go to the bathroom can you help me?  Sure and still naked she helped me out of bed and walked with one arm around my waist to the bath.  Still holding on she stood right beside me as I peed. I said 'you can hold on to my penis if you want so it goes in the toilet and not on the floor.  She put her other hand around my balls and penis and pulled even closer with her face and mouth just inches from mine.  I was starting to get hard again to which I apologized and she said that's perfectly okay, it happens. Your cock is so nice and warm.  She slowly with a tissue dabbed the drop of urine from my dick.  Holding me close she walked me back to the bed. See you later our eyes again locking.  Next morning took the same path and now I totally naked pulled down the sheet and started to massage myself.  Oh honey she said let me help and her hand went to my crotch and rubbed me all over.  Oh honey I said I want to have sex with you so bad. And she replied oh so do I but..Then she went to the door and locked it and came back.  Now she unzipped her dress revealing her bare pussy and no underwear.  No bra either and her tits were just beautiful.  She got on top of me on the bed and slowly put my penis into her velvety smooth pussy.  We locked tightly together sharing each others breath and our tongues.  Moving in rhythm we came together. It was a beautiful experience.  As she dressed I lay there totally naked letting her see it all.   She came over and kissed me passionately and kissed my dick softly a few times, rubbing her hand over my genitals and chest.  See you later honey.