I just finished the watching the series and these are my thoughts about the custody battle. A little empathy goes a long way. If Linda was empathetic and considered where Bebe was coming from, Instead of feeling Superior and judging her for her choice, things would have happened very differently. There is absolutely no reason why the baby should have been kept from her birth mother. As long as Bebe is alive, in a better place mentally, can care for her daughter adequately, (fifty toys does not make a child happy) not a danger to her daughter ,was actively searching for her daughter to be reunited with her and had not formally signed away her rights to her child she deserves to have her child back with her. The simplest solution was for Linda and her husband to give the baby back to her mother and respectfully request to still be a part of the babys life. If they truly cared about the child and cared about helping others,that would have been a great opportunity to help Bebe. Instead of throwing money at her to buy her child, they should have used that money to help her live a more comfortable life. They could have helped her to get a better job knowing that all this will also be great for her child who they have come to love. They could then adopt another truly orphaned child of their own. It's very simple. It is ridiculous to me that she kept repeating that she nursed the baby for almost a year. Bebe carried that baby for nine months and had no choice but to give her up for a while because she loved her. Would Linda have preferred the baby to starve to death?! A truly unselfish good person would have been grateful and happy to have saved that baby's life but will never dream of withholding her from her birth mother. Also Linda and are husband are not thinking of the child and the trauma it will cause her when she grows up knowing that they kept her from her birth mother who was fighting to get her back. If she grew up with them and found our the truth, there is a probability that she would hate Linda and her husband for what happened. They didn't consider the child's feelings.  A child does not have to live with you or call you Mother for you to love them and truly care for them. If Linda or her friend Elena knew this they would not have acted the way they did. There was no need to go to court. So many things in life can be resolved amicably if we only showed more empathy towards each other.