 Wow... I'm surprised that most of the comments have to do with loneliness and depression and not about love... Here's my sadistic take on life: Everyone loves me. I have parents who love me, a loving sister, amazing friends, most of which are female... They (my friends) all tell me, "You're great, Gilbert. You deserve someone special, you'll find someone. You're so nice and sweet." But not a single one of them (the female ones) would even consider being anything more than friends with me. This is because I'm a "nice guy". I'm not a sex-crazed heartless douchebag like many guys I know. I make the best first impressions because of this and have gotten close to having relationships with girls. As quickly as they come, however, they go. They find out that I'm socially awkward, that I have autism, that I'm really boring, really really weird, emotional, and clingy. They find out that I've been bullied and verbally abused for most of my life and they decide that they don't want to carry all of that. Either that, or they simply get turned off by the fact that I'm so fucking ugly. Everyone loves me, but nobody "likes" me. I'm just not meant to be with anyone.     I listened to this first song when I was convinced that my crush would never like me, and here I am again now that it's over.   Everything changed one day when she admitted that she did indeed like me back. We planned to be in an official relationship after the social distancing ended. We talked one the phone a lot. I gave her space as needed and always told her that I wouldn't be offended if she just didn't want to talk too often. Then one week she gave me every excuse she could give me to justify her letting me go. I saw between the lines. I could hear it in her voice, that she felt so guilty.. That she realized she couldn't love me like I love her. She never loved me at all. I was just the "perfect" guy and she got excited that someone liked her too. (She wasn't exactly the easiest person to love)     It's the same cycle, they think I'm quirky and nice, they get to know me or ask me out, and then they find out just how strange and unlikeable I really am. How not boyfriend material I am. I will never get out of this. If I do, I'll be settling for someone I don't love. Because, as bojack horseman said, "No one completes anyone. That's not a real thing... Settle."