I’m not really a fan girl, I have a few favorite actors, youtubers, singers but I’ve never been able to picture myself screaming and crying at a chance to see them. They’re just people you know? I mean sure I’d like to meet them and maybe get an autograph or picture but just be cool about it. I’m sure they have enough people trying to claw their way at them constantly. It also saddens me to see or hear stories about how people take advantage of their money or the things they could do for them. For instance I have a supposed half brother who is an actor, model, singer etc. in a different country. The only way it’s ever occurred to me to meet my father is through him but I’m deadly afraid they’ll reject me or be cautious of me thinking I might be after their money. I’ll be honest, I had a rough upbringing and a hard life but everything that I’ve accomplished I’ve done on my own and I’m quite proud of that. All I’ve ever wanted was a family. I see movies or father’s interacting with their daughters and it hurts that I never had that or a big brother to bully and take care of me. As far as friends go, I’ve always been pretty introverted but I try to be the best friend I can be and I give my all to the people I love which has gotten me pushed around in the past. I’m not without faults, I’ve pushed people away because I didn’t feel worthy (I was always the poor kid) so I didn’t want to be a burden and as time has passed I’ve realized that they could’ve been great friends and I just didn’t give them the chance. As an adult I’m lonelier than ever. I’m an affectionate person with no friends and a family that is somewhat stiff when it comes to affection. I can only imagine how lonely being a celebrity must be, constantly busy and surrounded by people that want something from them. Like just wanting to hug them and be their friend and say “I’m so proud of you, I’m here for you if you want a hug or just talk about mundane things, you’re special, you matter, you’re loved”. Isn’t that what we all want at the end of the day?