I have a roommate who is probably the most pathetic human on earth. Ill get to the lonely part, but first some background.I didn't choose him, I live in a house for people who are getting out of prison. But this dude has been out of prison for like 9 years, has no probation, and is still fucking here. I wondered why for about two seconds, but then it dawned on me that NOBODY EVER wants this guy around. He's the worst. He lives off the state, and has no aspirations to do anything to improve his life. He is so lonely that when I come home from work, he runs outside and says HI with a sickening desperation. The same thing goes for when his phone rings, he pounces on it like a starving lion does a gazelle. Then he finds out it's like an automated message from his pharmacy, because nobody calls him. He reminds me of gollum physically, and he has no social skills at all. He just floats around somehow unaware of the fact that people have bubbles that you dont hover in or around. He's been choked out by other roommates, because he thinks that this is his fucking house and he gets attitude about dumb ass shit like watching tv when he wants to. My room is next to his and at night he leaves his radio on and it annoys the shit out of me. I get up at 4am 5 days a week to work 10 to 12 hours a day. So I told him that if he didn't turn that shit off at 9pm then I would smash it. What does he do? Calls the police on me and tells them that I threatened his life. The police didn't even care about him because I take it from what they said he calls them all the fucking time for reasons that waste their time. When my girlfriend came over to pick me up, he gets ultra weird. He just has to be right there at all times, to the point where she had to tell him he's creeping her out. She doesn't come over anymore. He's a fucking helpless parasite, and the point I'm getting at is that he put himself in this position. He checkmated himself with loneliness long ago. If you dont want to end up being  like this then I suggest you maintain a job, be good to your family, know social boundaries, and leave people the fuck alone if they dont like you. The most pathetic human being on earth. I'm so thankful that I'm not like this. This is the end result to loneliness, and its disturbing. Creep factor through the roof, no social skills, all because it's just so far gone from memory. Stay up on that shit and dont become this guy!!!!