I met my ex thru my older cousin she was best friends with his girl. 2 years went by and I truly fell in love with her I have never loved anything in life that hard. She broke up with me quote on quote, “I think I needa be with someone else for everything to tell me your the one” like they say if you love something let them go so I did. Before she left my cousin broke up with his girl and he was desperately trying to have me break up with mines cause they were friends. He couldn’t live with the fact his ex and my ex were still friends so this man deadass stared to turn everyone against me little by little he brainwashed our friends keep in mind we are about the same age grew up together and everything. He is the oldest and ever since I was a little boy he was always favored as the “smartest” and “successful” and what not. My family even started to take his side after they saw him all heartbroken and I’m with his ex friend still. A year has gone by I don’t talk to my fam anymore they show me fake love I had my older cousin and another younger who was my circle they left me. I once went to his house at 10:30 at night and cried my eyes out in his room in front of his parents begging him to be my friend again his mom which is my aunt forced him to hug me back which was so fake and meant nothing after being begged. But his dad my uncle proved everything to me that night he was my fishing buddy we did everything I used to call him my second dad but that night he was all against me. Told me “Im not worth the shit”. So with that all being said 3 years have gone by I’ve learned to be more independent I’m always alone i don’t go to family functions. Recently told my mom if I ever get married I don’t even want my family to come to my wedding. I have no friends cause the people I knew are now his homies more like butt buddies and I remember he used to talk shit about them. I’m a huge car guy ever since I was a little kid so that’s the only thing that has kept me sane. I’m only 23 I own 3 cars two race cars an 08 Nissan 350z and a 92 Nissan 300zx and my gas saver which is a Prius I swear that sentence gave me some peace that’s how i know I love cars. With that aside how do I just move on and keep living it feels like if I don’t get my family back nothing will ever go back to normal I tried many times to get my cousin back but he doesn’t like me anymore. Recently found out my ex found a new boy and honestly it made me feel good for a bit cause I look better than him she downgraded he’s a fake ass car guy straight wannabe. Why is it that everyone else is fucking ok and I can only be happy for a week and then I feel sad cause I’m alone. I try to make friends but they are just college friends and they have there own people they aren’t gonna build with me so I’m just friendly. I was on Snapchat and there’s not a single person I would send a snap too I just post on my story and then I’m thinking to myself like who tf are u posting for. I recently started working a new job and there’s this 19 year old car dude who occasionally talks cars with me on social media but that’s it. I’m just alone af I try to clean and fucking organize and what not I was smoking a lot of weed and I stopped that got my head a little straight. My goal is to get a little deeper in this car shit once quarantine is over and maybe I can make some real friends. I deserve to be happy too and not feel alone but I’m just always lonely. I can’t even fucking talk to anyone I’m thinking of getting a therapist but this ducking corona virus bullshit won’t end any ideas can you like talk to them through zoom video chat or something cause I think I really need a therapist.