Let me start this off by saying thank you for finding some interest in my post! I ship out to Fort Sill, Oklahoma in 30 days for Army basic training, and I’m pretty confident I won’t have anyone to write me while I’m there. I’ve been so lonely for what seems to be ages, and I don’t feel I have enough time to make a meaningful connection with someone before I go. Thus, I’m worried about my mental health while I’m in basic, I feel most recruits there will be supported at least by one or two people. Unfortunately, I’m surrounded by “friends” and some supportive family, but I still feel disconnected and alone. I don’t feel comfortable around most people. My mother told me that I can write to her while in basic but she “will be poor with correspondence,” as she’s “much better at texting.” Yes, she’s aware I won’t have my phone the majority of my time there (my sister just graduated basic training herself). She’s much too busy to even give me a call, I get one maybe once every three weeks for twenty minutes, which I love every one of them. My brother is only 12 and well frankly, doesn’t see the value in family yet, I assume. We’ve also got a large age gap of ten years, but he doesn’t want anything to do with anything unless it involves video games. My attempts to get him to spend time with me before I go have been futile. I have one irl friend who is really just my sister’s best friend, and I’ve found her to be a bit of a user at times (she uses me for rides, and never offers to pay for gas/do things for me etc). So I don’t feel I can be close to her, sometimes spending time together can be okay. I recently lost my best friend of multiple years because the relationship turned toxic when he wouldn’t stop saying inappropriate things about me and other women. I told him many many many times it makes me uncomfortable. He could go on for hours about his friend’s sister’s certain body part, or ask me for nude pics simply for peer reviewing an essay I had to write (a small one). I felt close with him, but now I’m questioning the whole friendship, did he really value me as a friend? Or was he just waiting for his “turn in line,” once I became single. I’m a sexual abuse survivor and I just couldn’t handle the constant aggressively sexual talk anymore, I didn’t want to put up with it anymore. I wanted to talk about things that we used to talk about, like shows and games, or our love of dogs, etc. I’m rambling now, but anyways- thanks for reading, and any advice or thoughts on what I said would be much appreciated. Take care.