Everyone keeps on shutting me out. I've literally sent texts to 4 different people who I once considered "friends" and none of them replied. All of them Ive known them for 4+ years, some of these people felt like fucking brothers to me. Some of these "friends" were people I shared every secret and piece of emotional baggage sometime in the past, and they understood and were empathetic. One guy I knew for 8 years; I haven't really kept up with him since 2018 but I saw he was online so I asked him to join my voice chat. He ended up inviting me to a chat he was already in and it was bunch of his Christian republican baseball friends (I'm trying to describe a certain stereotype, but idk what it is) so I kinda felt alienated, but it was whatever. Later on I get kicked from the voice chat so I messaged him but no reply. The thing is it feels like he couldn't give a single fuck but 2 years ago I remember him as a totally different person. The Trey I knew (dude's name) 2 years ago cheered me up when I got down and was always down to play games with me literally anytime. That person listened to everything I had to say going to shit in my life. Last night, I couldn't recognize that person. I'm crying right now as I think about it because of how much I miss that Trey, and how much better it made me feel when he wanted to spend time with me when no one else wanted to. Then, there's this other guy I texted; Tassos. Joined his lobby on a game and he removed me from the lobby right away. The text I sent him right after was along the lines of "was just trying to catch up with an old friend, but I guess that doesn't matter". I haven't really been up to date with him either since mid 2019, but we were practically best friends in elementary and middle school. We did a ton of shit together. We went to the mall, movies, his house, and to the parks countless times over the years. We both loved football even though we kinda sucked at it. I remember 75% of our time together was either playing Madden or some kinda game with an actual football. I had on odd personality, some people at school thought I was gay probably but he didn't give a shit. There was a time in 7th grade when one of our football teammates practically fought me and I loss before the fight even started. People thought I was a total loser and a pussy but Tassos didn't give a shit about that either. He wasn't worried about if I wasnt cool or people looked down on me. He just cared about us hanging out and being bros. Then we started to distance eventually, and he became a totally different person, shutting me out. But I learned a year later that his parents had divorced, which explained his odd behavior the year prior. So after learning that, I forgave him in my mind and in late 2018 we started to become bros again. Unfortunately I was an asshole my freshman year of high school and I'm surprised our re connection lasted as long as it did; until this school year. This school year we didn't have any classes together so we distanced again. So, about an hour ago, I see he is online, and I think I'll have a convo with him while we game, and as you, the reader, may know, he had removed me from the game lobby. I've already spilled so much onto the internet to people I don't even know, so I won't detail about the 2 other people. But this shit sucks. When you think someone has got your back just to leave you bleeding out with a knife in your heart.