Recently my long term girlfriend dumped me. We had been together a year and it broke me when she told me. After it sunk in I brokedown and it lasted about 2 and a half weeks, I would just repeat the same couple phrases over and over again about missing her while just sitting on the couch just staring at the wall. I ended up having to go to the doctors to get anti anxiety as well as a whole slew of other medications that finally allowed my mind to just calm down. I was fairly destroyed, even though looking back on it, it was a very negative and toxic relationship with her being very selfish and self centered, even so I still miss her more than I know how to describe. Going back to the control and self ceneterism, she had these rules for me like I couldn't ever listen to my music in the car, not a rule but she never asked about my hobbies or interests or if she did it was in a general way or in a surface thin way but with no genuine wish to actually engage in it, she said specifically she would refuse to see things from my point of view, she needed me to always be with her and I could never be alone not even for five minutes(As a note we live 40 minutes apart and I haven't had a working car for the last 9 months so she would pick me up and we could only be together on the weekends so I do understand her point of view on why she acted like this because the time we had was special and limited) and eventually allowed me to sink into a very serious pool of dependancy on her emotional support. And while she may have cared deeply for me it feels like sometimes she just used me for sex. I know as a man is not generally an issue we have but I really do believe that is what happened to me. For some background my girlfriend had a month previous to meeting me broken up with her ex boyfriend and as I now know has very large issues with being alone, she was desperate for companionship and a sexual release and I was willing to meet her for a date and she re bounded. As a side note she is trans (not that, that would normally be a factor) and had confidence issues related to that, and didn't think she could be with anyone sexually without being in a relationship with them because otherwise no one would want her, I filled her needs so she was content with me for a time. However, unfortunately she also had some deep hatred twoards men that stemmed from what I believe is self hatred twoards her biological body, but she would constantly take it out on me and call me an idiot and stupid and desperate or a gross man and just a lower class human being but would always just say she was just joking. It always hurt but I really did believe she loved me so it was ok. And you know It's scary I was one of those guys that said I would never get married or have kids and I thought I would die a rich bachelor but the absolute force of wanting to marry this woman and have a family with her was so strong it was like every bone in my body at all times was screaming "Marry her! Start a family already! this is everything!" it just felt like if I didn't I would die, it was my only goal, the only thing I cared about making happen, everything came second, I already had plans in my head about what the wedding would look like and how much I would spend on the ring and how I would propose etc. But I was very blind to what was really happening in our relationship. Personally I think that once we started dating she probably got over her ex in the next 3-4 weeks then after about 3-5 months she had probably had enough of me while also having the delema of not wanting to hurt me because at some leave she did care for me. So instead of talking to me about her feelings, her idea was to slowly do things to try to make me hate her so the breakup would be easier. Over the next few week's twoards the end, I became frightened and worried as I slowly saw my girlfriend deteriorate and become hateful twords me, I was just very confused and scared of the future and what would happen to us. as it was very apparent her distatse twoards men continued to grow and I believe her love and "patience" in me continued to shrink and finally after a year ended it. Things were messy. 2 days after the breakup she came to my house to give me some clothes. I grabbed her face and told her how beautiful she was and how much I loved her and how I would always care for her no matter what, I kissed her and that was the last time I saw her. A week later she posted a pic of her in bed with another woman on her snap story and told me "what I do shouldn't effect you now that we aren't together", Pretty quickly I tweeted out a hate mail piece knowing she would see it calling her every name under the sun I was just so hurt and betrayed feeling like everything I knew was gone. A week later having slowly started to heal with a clear sense of anger twoards her, I wake up in a sweat and grab my sweatshirt she had given me back all those days ago to sleep with for comfort but inside the pocket was a goodbye letter sprayed with her perfume, pictures of us kissing and a flower I gave her on our 3rd date, the letter explained her plan and how it was done out of love, she said she didn't like how she treated me but didn't know how to act and just wanted me to be happy and didn't think that could happen if we stayed together but hoped we could stay friends and how she would always love me deeply.I start having a panic attack and start crying harder then I ever have before. after I take my medication and calm down I scramble to Twitter and delete my hate mail and message her apologizing my heart out now getting no response, I message her again to say goodbye knowing it was too late and that was the last time I ever talked to her. Now a month later I just feel very lost and strange, and vulnerable as hell in a very very bad way. It especially hurts because in my specific situation I'm bisexual but I need to appear very masculine but I desperatly wish I could appear more feminine. With her I could just be myself, be vulnerable, feel safe being held, just being allowed to cry or vent without being judged like a talent show in a way I felt I hadnt been able to have with anyone else. Now that I'm over my breakdown and my diet and sleep schedule are back to normal and I've been able to process what's happened, I'm in this stage where I'm feeling immense loneliness a longing to be able to be held and be vulnerable again etc. when we had been together I truly felt comfortable and content. I had been very excited for the future and what we had. I just feel very robbed of that future and that family and everything. I know my plight isint a 30 year old marrige ending in adultry I guess this is just my first experience with true romantic loss and I'm just having a very hard time adjusting and coping. I have a very strong longing to have someone that will let me feel those same things again someone who will let me love them and let me give all of myself to them. Anyway thanks for reading if you made it this far and  for being my therapist for 5 minutes.