I used to be friends with this guy. Unfortunately he’s been dating his girlfriend ever since I’ve known him and it’s just weird. We were really good friends like honestly I never saw him any type of way until..I don’t know what happened but we developed feelings for each other. I mean of course, I spent more time with him and his family than his gf like at church, lunch, bible study, etc. We had to stop talking cause our feelings were obviously affecting his relationship and I also did not want to be a home wrecker. He hit me up maybe a year ago and let’s just say, I was real lonely and he’s the light of my life. One thing led to another, we exchanged some dirty messages and the next day I never heard from him again. He recently hit me up and told me he recovered from the corona virus (he’s an EMT) and basically Caught up with me. Nothing happened really, conversation ended and it was casual. I feel he has a hold on me because we haven’t spoken since the last time he hit me up (1 week ago) and before that was over a year ago. If he talks to me it’s always for a second because I’m sure him and his gf are together and probably always will be. I don’t know what to do. I know what to do but I guess I don’t know how to apply it. I hate how he makes me feel weak because I don’t want any guy to know he has a hold on me. Sometimes I feel maybe he just wanted those naughty messages/pics. But what about the friendship? And the fact that he hits me up out of nowhere and just disappeared all over again. It just hurts because I’ve definitely lost him as a friend all because we developed feelings for each other. This has been going on for the past 4 years of my life. Obviously I fuck around and have my own relationships or whatever but I mean the whole once-in-the-blue-moon confession of “you’re my girl and at the end of the day you know my heart is yours” bullshit when all he’s doing is probably moving on with his life and getting his degrees to become a neurosurgeon because he’s so smart and capable and I’m so proud of him. I just wish I could be there for him in any way, even if it’s just friends. I just don’t also want to feel like I’m that stupid girl falling for the guy who is never going to take her seriously and has a girlfriend who idk, may or may not end up being his wife. Whatever it is I just had to rant I guess. He fucks with my mind and I know he doesn’t mean to...unless he does? Cause that’s what men like to do sometimes. Either way, the point is that I don’t know if I should hate him or just let this cycle continue. I’m afraid to tell him how I feel because maybe he is playing me and I’m stupid for even falling for that trick. I know I deserve respect and love and that’s all I ask for. I don’t ask him for any of that and never have, because of his girlfriend. And I’ll never put him in the position to choose between one or the other. But I wish I could know if I’m even that important to him like that or if he’s just fucking with me. Anyway, rant over I guess