 I’m almost 17 years old. My parents are divorced and I just recently started seeing my dad again due to the stay at home orders where I live... but he doesn’t seem to care so much for my siblings and I. He lives with my grandmother and practically relies on her to care for us while we are with him. There is more to that which I choose not to discuss. I can’t live with my mother anymore... we’ve both agreed several times that I just cannot live with her. Funny enough, she has never allowed me to find a job or even try for my driver’s permit. I am aware that there are thousands of kids my age without these things, but I feel it is vital for me to possess if she does not want me to live with her anymore in order for me to have some sort of independency. I just recently moved in with my mother again after almost seven months of CPS removing my siblings and I from her care due to a case of child neglect involving only myself. She promised me things would be better once I came back home, and that she would be better for us... she won me over with all she said and I truly accepted her into my heart more than ever before from this. I forgave her for what’d happened. She did not keep her word, and I feel almost tricked by her. She is the same, only without the physical abuse (probably considering the mess the previous abuse put her through.) I don’t feel comfortable living with my dad either... he has not made a genuine effort in finding his own home for the seven months I lived with him, even despite the large amount of money he makes per year. I don’t want my mom to be in trouble again. She is a wonderful mom to my baby brother who needs her. But she is not the same to me, and I don’t think she will understand that. My mental health has deteriorated more than what it had been before due to numerous court battles between my parents, as well as the control and manipulation they both used towards me in order to pick a “side”. I’ve seen and heard things that definitely took a harder toll on my health coinciding with this... and it still continues. I don’t know what to do. Emancipation is out of the question due to my lack of financial stability, and I’m unsure of where else to go. My boyfriend is a few months younger than I am, and I know for certain that we are not at the maturity level to move in together both legally and mentally. I feel I have no one else. It’s draining and sickening.