Honestly I’m not good enough, I’m not happy enough and I’m not worth the time for anything. I’ve been trying to push myself to anything but lately I just see others do so much better in so much shorter of time. Frankly I’m just accepting the fact that I’ll never be good at anything, I’ll never be even ok at anything. I’m too awkward, shy and self conscious for anyone to want to be friends with, I am too quiet to keep a convo going. I’m too boring too keep a girl interested for longer than a day. I’m giving up on everything slowly but surely. There’s literally nothing good about me, I’m a lonely depressed 20 year old who hasn’t celebrated his birthday since he was 13, I have lost anyone I knew since high school etc. I’ve lost all contact with any family that isn’t my mom or dad, I’ve been the butt end of every joke, never taken serious, never looked at like wow you did that? I’ve never been congratulated, I’ve never received any good luck or great job from teachers. I just feel so much resentment from life yet I always keep my mouth shut, I’ve been trying for the past 3 years to be everything to anyone, trying to just be cool calm and collected. Trying to just be there for people, but I’ve never looked at myself and realized I have no one here for myself. I’ve started taking pills to help ease my anxiety and depression that is literally ruining everyday for me and makes me cry while listening to sublime or something. But those aren’t even working and idk when I’ll be able to ask for stronger pills since we have to wait to get insurance since both of my parents are out of work. I digress, simply put, I give up on my life, I dream about a world where I’m happy but that world isn’t real. Nobody knows how I feel nor checks on me and I don’t make it known I want to be checked on. I wish I still felt like my dreams were real but they are just something I’ve pushed away, I just miss feeling good about myself. I just miss not taking pills to feel good, I just miss feeling like I deserved to be here. I fucked everything up in my life and I’m holding onto strings. To end this rant, I just want those strings to snap.