So, I was with a girl named emily she was an online girlfriend for 6 months ish and I met a co worker at a new job I got. She asked for my snapchat to just be friends and I kinda immediately felt that connection we didn’t flirt we just talked a lot. then She told me she liked me and so did I and i just waited a few days to make sure and i ended what i had with emily to be with my coworker jennifer and we started dating it was a good relationship. she was my first a lot of things meaning i done things with her i never have and same with her to me. i really do love her and she’s different from other girls i just can’t quite explain how she different she was, anyways i would have these like episodes where i would just go off on her and it wouldn’t even be her fault, i would say stuff like fuck off or break up with me or even fuck you. i would never physically hit her tho because i know better. but it wouldn’t even be her why i got mad it would come from other sources. (i forgot to mention shes bi and she’s never had a boyfriend but me she has had previous girlfriends although ) and recently she told me her middle school ex basically influenced jennis best friend to keep smoking more and drinking more so she can get wasted and then later they started making out. her best fiend then told jenni oh sorry i made our wirh your ex i was drunk and high sorry i didn’t mean to and jenni didn’t really care. then that friday jenni went out with her best friend to watch a movie i already watched with her but her best friend is the same one that made out with her ex without even telling me and they’re both bi, like isn’t that suspicious and me being the toxic fuck i am claimed she had sex with her and things like that but i didn’t really know. then the next morning she told me she wanted a break and i couldn’t believe it i was so miserable and for the next 2 days bc she was barely talking to me  and later i told her other friend that i was gonna block her to try to get rid of any memories i had of her and she told me what was wrong and i explained and she said that’s weird i didn’t know you guys broke up. she told me that she likes another guy. it turns out she liked this guy that was just her friend and i got mad at first then sad. i texted her and she was like yeah it started in january where i started losing feelings for you and gained them for him. as of now they aren’t dating they’re just talking. we broke up 2 weeks ago and i have been talking to her everyday i just can’t get over this girl i tried blocking her on everything but i just missed her so fucking much. her parents liked me and my parents liked her. we were at the point where we were gonna have sex but the condom failed and didn’t want to risk it since we are so young and inexperienced. it just hurts how we can have sex then like a couple week later she loses all feelings for me and likes someone else at the same time. i’m still trying to get at her and i don’t know how to get back with her. on the brightside the guy told her that they might not even work out bc they’ve been friends since freshman year aka 3 years ago. i realized what i really did have when i lost her and if i can go back in time i would not do anything bad thing i did. i wish she xan give me one more chance. i never would be able to find someone like her literally because she’s so different. everyone’s been telling me to get over her but i really can’t i just can’t i tried