So my boyfriend (20m) and I (19f) go to college together. But when we are home we are 3 hours away from each other. Last summer break we only saw each other once and now during quarantine we obviously can’t see each other. Not sure if it counts as long distance but I really need some help. I am getting quite stressed because he is everything I’ve ever wanted in a guy; very caring and supportive etc. I am concerned because I have recently found myself getting annoyed with our text conversations. We might call or FaceTime every now and then but not often at all. Those calls are usually fine. I just keep getting annoyed because I have to work on school work still so I sometimes it will be 15min before I respond to his text and after 2-5 min he will text again. I didn’t think that not texting back every 2-5 minutes would be an issue but it seems to be as he will start spamming my phone “baby” “baby” “baby” if I don’t respond sooner than 5 minutes after he texts me. I find this very annoying and it makes me feel like I’m a bad girlfriend even though I am normally working on schoolwork when this happens. He also likes to talk a lot about how much he misses me and stuff and I try to be supportive and caring when he texts things like that I am just worried that there is a difference in our feelings because yes I do miss him and I wish that I could be with him but I don’t think about it or worry about it as much as he seems to. I am scared because I feel like a terrible girlfriend for these things to be annoying/confusing me. I don’t know if there is something wrong with me and my feelings for him or what. I like talking to him when we have stuff to talk about but 80% of our conversations are “what are you doing?” Or “what do you want to talk about” and neither of us are doing or thinking about anything interesting enough to discuss. I just don’t understand why he needs me to text him so often when we have nothing to say to each other. I feel like there’s something wrong with me because I don’t feel the same need to text and obsession over being apart. I feel like I’m a terrible girlfriend and I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to lose him because I care about him very deeply and he is really good to me I just don’t know how to stop feeling annoyed by these things. Also we have been together for 13 months now (4 of those months apart so far)Thank you in advance for your help.