I really need help. I’ve been in a LDR for almost 3 years and it’s getting so unbearably hard. We used to talk all the time and then we would call or video call every day and i felt like the luckiest girl in the world because he’s so precious but now it feels like he avoids me as much as possible. It’s been months since we’ve video called and he says it’s just because it gets boring and repetitive but i would give anything just to have his presence again even if we don’t talk. I almost never feel like he really wants anything to do with me which makes it so confusing when he tells me otherwise. I’ve tried leaving him because it’s so hard to stand feeling so unwanted but then he either makes me feel guilty about it or begs me to stay and I just cannot resist feeling like everything is okay when he shows me that he wants me. I really need just a little bit of love and i’d be okay. Sometimes when I tell him I love him he doesn’t respond and then I feel so shitty wondering what I did wrong and I’ll ask him questions hoping that I can find a way to make our relationship better and he doesn’t respond to those either. He says he’s like this because it’s one of his psychopathic episodes but they used to last usually just a couple days (two weeks was the longest) but i’ve been trying to get through 6 months of it. If i was able to leave him I would love to come back years from now and try again, I’m just scared I’ll forget how lovely I used to feel if we continue. I love him so much and he’s truly a sweetheart. I know he loves me when he’s normal, he just goes away 95% of the time and I really have no idea how to cope with it. My emotions are delicate and i’m unhealthily attached to him so everything just feels so unbearable. I really want to stay with him and make him happy but I need to learn how to be okay with him being gone, since that’s sometimes part of his personality. If anyone knows how I could improve on myself I would be so grateful for that as well, because I know I have some part in this and I can’t figure it out. I really so badly just need a hug. For years I have felt that if I could just hug him everything would feel okay. Please don’t tell me to leave him, it hurts every time I hear someone say it.