Hi everyone, I've been in a long distance relationship with my girlfriend for a year and 6 months now and I honestly need some advice. She's a great girl and I love her to death. To me she's perfect in every way possible but there's one problem. We're both religious, however, she's a little more religious than me. She's also way closer to her family where she tells her mom every little thing that happens. Recently, her mom had a dream where she found out we were going to hell because of something we're doing. Now to give some context, my girlfriend and I despite being religious and having limitations on what we can do before marriage still act "dirty" with each other at times on text or call. We considered this as fine since it's only over text and call and no physical contact is being made. This is obviously something we've been keeping to ourselves and we're both teenagers with no experience so our hormones are a little on edge. So her mom told my girlfriend about what she saw in the dream and my girl thought it was some prophetic dream, got extremely scared and proceeded to tell her mom everything we do in our private time. Because of this her mom was disgusted and now she can't meet me anymore. Once she told me this, I honestly got really hurt cause this was supposed to be something between us and something really private but she went and told her parents. Not only that but now her parents have a bad image of me and she can't see me which really messed me up. Before this we were arguing a lot due to some misunderstandings and her having problems with school thus neglecting me a bit. She said she couldn't do anything about her not seeing me and she said we can't talk dirty or do anything of the sort, just normal conversations. This made me feel uncomfortable cause honestly she's the only person I can fully do everything with and be myself but now I have a constraints. She didn't even try to do anything about the problem and I said I needed a break cause my feelings were all over the place and I couldn't handle it anymore. She doesn't try to be independent in any way shape or form. My parents really disapproved of my relationship and almost made me swear to never talk to her again but despite that I betrayed their trust and made an independent decision to stay with her because I love her more than anyone. I did everything I could to be with her but she can't do the same? After this I blocked her and it's been 4 or so days and I don't know if I was in the wrong anymore. I only blocked her on one platform but she hasn't tried to message me or anything and seems like she's unaffected by it cause she believes she hasn't done anything wrong. I'm the type of person to doubt myself a lot so I don't know if I did anything wrong... Any ideas on what I should do or proceed with?