My (30f) boyfriend (35m) have been together almost two years. We met while he was in my hometown on a job. Since the early months of us, (id say first 1-3 months) things were great. I knew getting into the relationship that it would be a long distance things as his employer has him working all over the United States. We currently see each other every 1-3 months. We talk almost everyday. Last 2 months I have been feeling the biggest disconnect to date.  Nothing specific happened to make me feel this way. I just feel like its an accumulation of things. Less texts. Shorter phone calls. When he makes plans to do anything weather its when he will call...visit..do aomething for himself...for me...whatever...more times than not it will change 5x over. NOTHING is ever set in stone. Which in a long distance relationship I feel is important in maintaining a good strong connection. It basically helps both parties to feel like they're on the same page. He is not as thoughtful as I would like him to be he is not as romantic as I would like him to be he doesn't do the small things that I look for in a relationship. We have been through many ups and downs in the two years that we've been together so we've always came out strong. There have been things that came up in our relationship that would end a lot of relationships and we were able to talk about it and push past it. However I'm starting to feel like if there's not something more out there. Somebody else that would make me feel the way I feel I should be treated. I am so tired of sitting up awake and alone every night. I love the man i am with with my whole heart. I have aways been faithful. The relationship has left me feeling unappreciated. I know for a fact he is very busy at work. So idk if im being selfish for wanting more of his attention. Or if I'm right for feeling the way I am. I would love to marry him and be his forever and he says he wants the same thing. Im just so...between a rock and a hardplace. Its becoming harder and harder to do this. Before you all to tell me to talk to him about how im feeling, he doesn't handle emotions well. He lacks empathy all around. So im scared that by telling him how i feel will just never make him come back home to me.