My boyfriend and I have been together for five years. We have never lived in the same city and have been about 45 min-1.5 hour apart (depending on if I'm home for the summer or back at college). While that is not a long distance, we still only saw each other once a week for a few hours, so transitioning to one Discord/Skype/whatever date a week is no big deal. We started dating when I was 16 and I have known that I wanted to marry him since then. His family adores me, and it makes me feel a tiny bit better to know that his family would be on my side if he dumped me lol. We've been together through so much, high school, college, my eating disorder, my panic attacks, anxiety, OCD, and he has always been there to support me. I have put him through a lot over the years and he has been nothing but helpful (sometimes tough love, but it was what I needed), and has always loved me enough to make me want to be better. I want to be as supportive of his move (13 hours away) as I can, and I am super happy for him because this is a dream job and city for him and he has worked so hard to get here. I have just been experiencing a lot of anxiety over this move. Like today as I know he's driving halfway across the country to his new home, my heart is racing and I feel sick. I know we will get used to it, but it just sucks right now. I knew this was coming for a while as he has expressed interest in moving there, but he just got the job a week ago so I only got to spend a few hours with him helping him pack yesterday and now he's gone. How do I keep him interested in me from so far away? I realize this may be dumb to most of you since you have been dealing with this reality for far longer than a week, but I just need some help. I just want him to be happy and get everything he has ever wanted, but  I am afraid that doesn't include me. I plan to fly or drive out to see him this summer, but I just don't know what to do with myself before then. Does anyone have any suggestions for keeping the person you love interested in you while you are states away? Is me being supportive, loving, and caring enough?Do you send gifts and cards and stuff, or rely on text messages/video calls? I love him and I always will, I'm just so scared that it won't work out. I am grateful for any advice you can give!