I've know this girl for 8 years, and have loved every moment of it. I've had crushes on her for an extremely long time. And now my best friend finally became my girlfriend and i love her more with every passing day, its a dream come true. My girlfriend has had a toxic relationship for about 3 years and finally cut it off after she has broken up with her manipulative ex on several occasions. She is my world right now and the most precious thing to me and my top priority, so confronting her and every time i attempt to bring up this things is very strenuous for me. But even with her last relation ship being toxic, she has been attempting to keep this manipulative ex as a friend with out really ever having space between the two. After dating for about a month she told me that she had gotten back with her ex for 2 days about a week prior to me dating her,(this heightened my insecurities to a completely knew level that she still liked him in a way a significant other would) and at this point, I am her loving boyfriend that would change the world if i could for her, and he ex gets to be all chummy with her and probably still has feelings for her and might just be after her for her body for all i know, and i have to sit here wanting to vomit from my anxiousness of her unknown safety. She has a bad reputation of being exclusive to her partners 100%, but has opened up to me about it and said she is done with that and would not do it to me, her friend of 8 years. She has gained my trust indefinitely, but i have no fucking clue about her ex or anything about him. he doesn't seem like a respectable person and all i get to hear is the bad stuff, and i know that! I give him the benefit of the doubt cause i know my girlfriend wont just sit there and tell me how great of a guy her ex boyfriend is. ALL of her friends are boys so this feeling is not limited to her ex boyfriend, he is just the most frequent case. Shes my precious diamond, and i feel like i'm letting a guy in a black ski mask take her around town and expect her to come home in the same condition, and it kills me cause that's not likely! She drinks with other people on occasions too (something she doesn't do too often) and with her medication, alcohol affects he at a higher intensity. I'm not a normal thinking boy by any standards and am extremely demisexual with no sexual attraction to strangers. And I've asked normal boys why her ex would ask her to go bar hoping, and i was told that they would do that to their ex to try and have sex with her. And her not being able to hold her alcohol REALLY worries me that hes a "normal boy" and has that ulterior motive! I really don't know how to deal with this feeling that makes me want to inject insulin just to go into a coma anymore. And i trust her but i feel like a hopeless idiot cause of a 700 mile gap between the person i love most. If anyone has words of advice, please i would love to hear some coping mechanisms for this specific situation that i'm in that i could not find answers for online. I am sorry for the extra amount of background, but she is so important to me i want any advice to be as accurate to my situation as possible. I would never be able to say this word for word to her because i would be heartbroken if she misunderstood me as to being insecure about her when I'm really insecure about our situation and her surrounding people.