hi. i usually lurked on here, and this is my first time ever posting on here. my ex [m, 19] broke up with me [f, 19] on march 1st. we had been together for a year and 5 months. we actually broke up on our anniversary (when we hit the 1 year n 5 months)! the reason why we broke up? i don’t know. prior to him telling me we should break up, i had recently been going through a lot of feelings of sadness because 2 days prior i had found out i wasn’t going to be able to visit him anymore due to the virus. i decided to tell him about all my feelings and i made it clear that the intention of me telling him all those feelings was to not break up. in our relationship, it was really hard for us to talk about serious issues because it scared us both. we dated each other through our senior year and it’s always been a long distance relationship. i live in socal, and he lives in norcal. then he chose to go to college on the east coast, while i stayed in socal. i think we broke up because it wasn’t fair for both of us? i think it was because we just started college, and it wasn’t fair for us to be in a relationship so far apart. especially because for him, it was his first ever one and it was like he wasn’t truly experiencing a relationship. he also mentioned about how he has hurt me how he can never be there for me when i needed it, something like that. i honestly still don’t completely understand why we broke up either. it’s been almost a month since we broke up, and it has really broken me. especially with the quarantine going on, it has trapped me at home and left me with very little to do. he still hasn’t spoken to me yet, and he told me he would talk to me “relatively soon”. i don’t understand what he means by that. does it mean when he’s really over me or does it mean when he finally has everything together of what he wants to say to me? this breakup really came unexpected to me. i’ve done my best to distract myself but i’ve cried every single day and i always go to bed crying and wake up wanting to cry. we still have each other on social media because we still want to be friends, but it’s really hard for me. he makes it seem like he already moved on, like he doesn’t miss me or care for me. i don’t want to block him because i don’t want to lose him. i’m really scared to block him because it feels like i will legitimately lose him. i know i should probably do it to help myself heal, because i keep checking his social media and everything and it doesn’t help. i don’t know what to do with myself anymore. i know i am young, and i have so much time. but i feel so empty and lonely right now. he meant everything to me. he was my best friend, he was all i had. i have very few friends. and even with them, they don’t really help me. most of the time, they just leave me on read because they don’t know how to help me. i have so many questions for him because i want to understand. but he just won’t talk to me until he’s ready. i honestly, really don’t know what to do with myself. i feel pointless and useless and always have the constant feeling of wanting to die. i am at the point of my life where i don’t know anything. and it makes me feel useless. i really want to disappear, but i’m scared to do that too. i’m so sad and broken. i want to die. can someone please help me :(