The past few weeks I've found myself totally involved in the search for J.J. and Tylee. The simple pleas of J.J.'s grandparents drew in general concern while the following details of the cult like atmosphere the children's mother drew an obsession of sorts. On a basic line of thought, most people wouldn't put too much thought into it. In general, the average human beings living normal lives consider themselves centered and moral minded with a basic necessary definition of life and how to treat each other.  Our morbid curiosity causes us to glance when we see flashing lights on the side of the road when an accident has happened.  Involuntary reactions the subconscious mind does in attempts to process our own mortality.  I get that.  So I then wonder" Why does a story involving the ideas of children's possible demise mixed with religious cult like groups draw out the obsession in me?"  Cases like Chris Watts  murdering his family saddened me deeply! I followed that story closely with my wife as well. My misunderstanding of his ridiculous reaction to wanting another woman so badly that he'd kill his own daughters and wife caused hatred and sadness. I rationalized because I'm a father, my hatred stemmed from the idea any man who could create lives and love them then destroy them so thoughtlessly. Sadness at the idea it didn't have to end that way.  Then, this monster caught up with me.  Is it the cocky nature of the absent mindedness Lori and Chad seemed to display while most parents would be aimlessly lost?  Is it the day after day of details coming out about the murders of people close to them? Quite possibly the religion based ideology that underline the lifestyle they portrayed?  My understanding of the Mormon religious beliefs contradict my typical christian upbringing. Though I don't claim or belong to any religious sect, I consider myself spiritual and follow the basic guidelines outlined in the bible I grew up reading in church. A funny cartoon squid on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim once made a load of sense when I heard him say "I like you! Cause ya fear what ya hate and ya hate what ya don't understand!" Never heard that before then but, it became a philosophy I adopted and used to help myself and others I talked to make sense of the misunderstood.  All this seems so much more than that though. Maybe it's the cocktail of it all mixed up.  So many characters, so many angles. I've found  many more than myself who've claimed to have lost sleep,  attention to detail on normal routines, and even interest in anything else. But it feels board line obsessive. All consuming. Like now, I know Lori is due in court today ahead of her March 2nd date. I can't wait!  Tomorrow is when Dr. Phil is scheduled to have the families on his show to discuss it. I've got it DVR'D!! I NEVER DVR ANYTHING! Why? Why do I give a damn like this?  I don't watch "Dr. Phil"! Some folks may consider it a sin but, I didn't watch "Game of Thrones"!  Sorry! I tried more than once. Never sucked me in. I personally don't care much for fictionalized shows. Real life is just as entertaining IMO. I don't mean reality television either.   I don't watch "The first 48". I watched "Live P.D". a few times for a laugh or out of boredom.  This all feels different. So much different. I'm emotionally invested in children I'll never know. I've grown a hatred for a woman I've never met and out character I'm crossing fingers and praying that the judge doesn't mess up and let her bailout. Everyone is innocent until proven guilty. A part of being American I love! So why have I and so many others started preparing the firing squad and setting up the noose?  Why has Lori and Chad Daybell become so impactful on so many? What about these people has broken the barriers of that place were not just theirs but, others close dark untold little secrets come out?  We know who shes married,divorced, possibly set for death. Her friends, enemies, her parents ridiculous tax debt! The Nannie, the church,the podcasts, the daughter's friend's mom... [Ancestry.com](https://Ancestry.com) couldn't dig this deep. I ask these questions knowing partially some reasons. Because deep down people are good at heart! The world hasn't completely gone to shit. More so than not , we believe in our everything that doing the right thing is right and that stories like these reinforce why we keep our bad thoughts as just that.  I've just noticed a part of myself I like to believe isn't there is. That vindictive side. The part that wants to beat the shit out Chad Fight Club style! The part of myself that could hate Lori that I want to watch her suffer. The spiteful side. Some might say it's seeing ourselves to an extent in their characters and taking out that hate were it doesn't hurt us. Then, I realize the love for my kids! That ridiculously overwhelming feeling that brings tears to my eyes at the thought. Not everyone has children or even a pet to love that way. Some might never understand how that feels. Then I remember she did. She should know that feeling. Then, I find I've come full circle.  Besides venting, I wrote all this having met so many people here that to a certain extent seemed to feel as overwhelmed as I've felt.  I'd say if anything came from this tragic story, it seems to be realization. That not all of us are that different in our difference.  That in general, as much as one can care for a stranger, we do. That sad as it is, through tragedy we can find strength in someone we don't know when needed. Maybe I've gotten too sentimental in my time. Everything seems chaotic and broken. Hopefully we find resolve and betterment in the end. Hopefully it doesn't end as badly as it's painted. I hope.