Im not even sure if I’m posting this in the right place btw but here goes. I’m not really sure where to start but usually saying that is a good enough start. I’ve just turned 18 in mid January and since then my life has already changed so so much. I was in dhs (cps) care on and off my whole life but permanently from 14-18 but now that I’m 18 they’re gone so I don’t really have any good parental guidance. Things broke down at the place I was living and I’ve recently moved in with my partner, however, his brother (14) also just moved out of foster care back here and my brother (19) moved in too and we have a very strained relationship. (For context my brother and partner were best friends before we started dating) so there’s a total of 7 people living in this 3 bedroom apartment, but wait it gets better! My partners mum is very much in the mind set that mental health issues aren’t actually a think and it’s all about your lifestyle and that all of my physical and mental health issues will disappear straight away if I just eat better and exercise and yes I know that’s true to an extent but not completely. I’m diagnosed with bpd, cptsd, bulimia and major depressive disorder as well as ibs and sciatica. My eating gets really difficult because of the impulsivity of my bpd and the binge side of things with my bulimia. At the moment I just feel completely out of control and it sucks in my mind even more seeing as I really like being healthy if that makes sense? Like I don’t actually like take out I like healthy, whole foods and going out and exercising and all that but it’s like I struggle to do any of it because of my depression which is worse because of everything going on!! Plus the fact that I’m struggling with marijuana use which is making everything more difficult. My highest weight was 97kg and I dropped it down to like 83kg but in the last 3-4 months I’ve gotten back up to 91kg. I know it’s time to do something about it but I feel like no one irl understands what I’m trying to say or what I’m going through. I have absolutely no guidance and minimal support at the moment. I don’t know what to eat or how to motivate myself honestly I just really feel like I don’t know anything at this point. I wanted to look into a vegetarian keto plan or even just one with minimal chicken and seafood but preferably no other meat, is that doable? I’m trying to take baby steps but it’s hard with no actually direction and no knowledge of what the baby steps even are. I know this is more of a big rant and I’m sorry about that. As I mentioned earlier I don’t even know if this is the right page to post it on or not. If not would someone be able to redirect me to where I should be posting it? Please no judgement right now I’d just like some tips on motivation or things I should look into or just anything that will help with depression and weight loss (when I say depression I mean more so depression linked to weight loss like how to do any of this while I’m still in a depressive phase) anything besides hate or lecturing would be HIGHLY appreciated 🥺 hope to hear from u soon