First post ever on Reddit, so I hope I’m doing this right. I’m a long time lurker on this and other weight loss subs so first I want to say thank you for helping me lose almost 90 pounds. For context I’m a 21 6’1 male sw 280 cw 192 I started losing weight for the sole purpose of looking good. I know that sounds bad and we’re suppose to be doing this for our health but it’s why I lost weight. Ever since I can remember I’ve always hated the way I looked and I always thought it was because I was fat. I just started college a little over 2 years ago and I decided enough was enough, I was 19 never had a girlfriend ( I had friends that were girls in school but never asked out anyone and never got asked out) and I started homeschooling in 10th grade because my family moved to an area where there wasn’t good schools and from that point on I didn’t really have any social interaction beyond family and got really depressed and gained even more weight. So like I said I didn’t start losing until I hit college. It took me awhile to get going but eventually I lost 45 pounds and honestly it should have felt great but it didn’t. Girls still really didn’t notice me, I didn’t feel like I looked any different. But for the first time I tried putting myself out there. I tried 3 popular online dating apps and within 3 months I got 0 likes or matches. I even paid for the premium to see the few likes I got and they were all fake accounts. I also asked out a girl I became friends with in my algebra class and got very politely rejected. That hurt really bad because I honestly thought she really liked me. She asked for my number and constantly told me how I was really funny. So after that i said well it must be because I’m still fat. So after my 21 birthday last October I started doing keto again which I had some success with in the past and I dropped another 48 pounds between then and now and i think I look even worse. My body has stretch marks everywhere. 9 month pregnant women have less stretch marks than me. I also have really bad man boobs and while they have gone down some they haven’t gone down as fast as my stomach. So it just makes my moobs look even bigger. I also have a lot of saggy skin. I also have a huge forehead and a receding hairline ( think Peyton Manning but if he had a weight problem in the past). With quarantine I haven’t had in person classes in awhile and I’m to scared to try online dating again because I’m only 2 pounds overweight for my height so if I don’t get any matches now it’s not because I’m fat but it will be because I’m just ugly. I’ve honestly lost all motivation to keep losing and I’m about to just give up and eat what I want. I’m still just as miserable thin the only difference is I can’t eat food to make happy. Food was literally the only thing I had. I have no real friends, no girlfriend. I feel stupid because I spent 2 years going to community college to transfer and got a 3.7 gpa only to get rejected from the only university I can afford in my area. I’m not really sure what’s the point of this post, I guess I just needed to vent. I don’t want to gain my weight back. So I guess I’m just wondering how do I stay motivated when I might never like the way I look anyway. Also sorry if the formatting looks weird, Like I said it’s my first ever post and I’m on mobile.