About 2 years ago, I buckled down and lost 30 lbs from my height weight of 180. I was active in this sub and fatlogic. I gained mabye 5 lb back but I maintained my weight for more than a year. Then I had a hospitalization for psychosis, after that I gained 10 lbs so I was at 165 (just the line for overweight and healthy for my height). So I wasn't that upset. I fluctuated between 160-165 for a bit, then I lost weight unintentionally as I went through another psychotic break and I guess forgot to eat down to 148 lb. Again after being in hospital and on more meds that slowed my movements and increased my appetite. I started slowly gaining. However, the past month was the worst. I had been stress eating as I am writing my doctorate thesis and not doing much movements. I gained 15 lbs in a month. Now I am 185 lbs! even seeing 190 on the scale with heavier clothes and salty meals. I am beyond shocked. I want to start calorie counting again, but I am bit scared because obsessing with numbers can trigger my psychosis. I just want to stop gaining, and start losing after I sumbit my thesis in a week. But somehow I have given up. I don't know how to gain the motivation. I am upset that I am fat again, but the prospect of being thin is not awarding. I don't know how to explain, I hate seeing myself fat, but being thin won't make me happy. I am not interested looking good, which was the main motivator. I don't care if I look good anymore. I don't want to date either, that was also a good motivator, because I could not get intimate with someone when I don't like how my body looks.My physical health is ok right now. My mental health has actually been more stable when I am at higher end for some reason. So that is not a motivator either. But I absolutely hate being overweight. I don't know what I am asking, but just for people who have been in this spot, that there is nothing you look forward too in terms of losing weight but just eliminating being fat. How to get the motivation and how to get started again.