A little backstory before asking for advice. Back in 2013, my doctor told me I was pre-diabetic. I joined a gym and started losing weight. Fast forward to early 2017, I was healthier than ever at 165 lbs (I’m 5’2”) then my relationship fell apart. It was awkward seeing him at the gym after that as we used to work out together all the time. He’d push me to be better. He pushed me harder than anyone I’ve ever trained with. The relationship was just a bonus. I was devastated when it ended. A few months after that, I got a job in sales that had me working an insane amount of hours and maintaining my gym schedule was getting more and more difficult. At that point, I quit the gym entirely. Fast forward to mid 2018, I was weighing around 200 lbs, eating out everyday with my coworkers, downing 2-3 monsters or Red Bull’s a day, and going out for drinks every other weekend. Unhealthy as you could possibly get. I know. Then, I met a great guy and eventually moved in together. He isn’t a gym rat. He used to be a runner but just doesn’t feel passionate about it anymore. We’re both unhealthy and we’re aware of that. I’ve tried multiple times to get him to eat healthy, to meal prep, and workout with me. He’d rather sit around all day and play video games. The covid situation hit him pretty hard too. I got furloughed for six weeks and he got laid off. I’m back at work and I’m still trying to kickstart my healthy lifestyle. I’ll meal prep for a few days and he makes faces or comments at my food. He asks me how I can eat the same thing for three days in a row. He says things like my food looks bland. He’ll sometimes get motivated to workout but won’t touch a weight. We bought a portable home gym that uses resistance bands and other attachments and he’s used it about 2 times. Every time, I cringe at his form. I try to correct him and it never ends well. He tries to get my 12 yr old son to workout with him but his form is even worse! I try to correct him as well, stating that I don’t want him getting injured, but this seems to piss him off. I am seriously tempted to join a gym by myself and meal prep for myself. They’re both so picky with their food that it frustrates me to even think of cooking more than one meal. Anytime they agree to eat healthy, the excuses roll in; “I don’t like fish”, “chicken breast is too dry, I don’t like it”, “I don’t want green beans”, etc. How do I get them to understand that I need to do this for myself without sounding selfish? I know I can lose this weight. I’ve done it before. I’m currently at 210 lbs and desperately want to be at 165 again. If I join a gym, I know my boyfriend will give me a hard time about all the money spent getting home gym equipment. I’m just not comfortable working out around them. And if I start to eat healthy, they’ll expect me to cook something different just for them and honestly, I don’t have the energy. I work all day on my feet to come home and then stand for another 1-2 hrs making dinner. Don’t even get me started on the amount of groceries we’d have to buy if I meal prep just for me and make them separate meals. For those with families, how do you all do it? Any and all advice is welcome. I’m at my wits end trying to get my weight under control. I feel like they’re making it 10 times harder.