So in Season 1 Episode 8 (Trajectory) of Netflix's Lost In Space, when the Robinsons are simulating the launch, Maureen says to John when he's reaching for the controls; "No, don't touch those. Let the SRBs carry you up." Now, Netflix's Lost in Space is no stranger to using actual rocketry terminology, but this one confused me. In actuall rocketry, SRB stands for Solid rocket booster, basically when you have either both the fuel and oxidiser (the thing that reacts with the fuel to create the explosion used for  propulsion) as a solid (rather than liquid or gas),or (although ther are no existing solid rocket boosters that do this) have either just the feul of oxidiser as a solid (I'll talk about this option a little later). What's confusing about this is we know the fuel is a liquid, and when the Jupiter fires it's engines (both the ones at the back and the ones that come out of the side) the stuff coming out of them is for the most part transparent, while in a solid rocket booster it look smore like clouds. This is because particulates of the solid rocket propelent are present which makes everything cloudy. Also, solid rocket boosters cannot be throttled or shut off, and are only one use, while all the engines on the Jupiters can be throttled, shut off and reignited.  So far, this is my theory, while we see the tanks full of fuel, no mention is given to any oxidiser, and while with the engines at the back we see complicated plumbing which makes me believe it works like a conventional closed loop rocket enine, which pumps fuel and oxidiser into a combustion chamber (also note that there are filters in the enginine cage, which are normally used in closed loop rocket engines), the engines that come out of the side do not have nearly as much plumbing. Since these are the engines that carry the Jupiter up before the engines Maureen was referring to, and the controls he was reaching for controlled the ones at the back. As for how these are SRBs, I belive that they are the type of SRBs I mentioned before. I think that there is a solid oxidiser in the engines and the liquid fuel runs over this, with the flow of the fuel being able to be controlled which would correlate to the amount of thrust being produced. This would explain why the thrust is able to be throttled, shut of and reignited, which is normally impossible with solid rocket boosters. But what do you think?