I won’t give a full name so I’ll be calling my boyfriend -A- in this. We’ve known each other years before we ever got together. Went to high school together about 4 hours away from where we currently live. Both of us just happened to move to the same far away place after graduation and he became best friends with my brother who works with him at a bank, so he ended up being around a lot. We weren’t close immediately but the more he was around we came to realize how much we had in common, sharing the same bipolar disorder and similar thought processes in general. We were strictly friends for a long time because we both were in long distance relationships trying to make things work with other people. Eventually my previous boyfriend of 2 years broke up with me over something really small and surprising and I was broken. -A- was always there to talk to me or just let me vent. His relationship didn’t end up working out either and before we knew it we fell in love. My brother who is -A’s- best friend was very unsupportive and made it a huge point to tell us that “Depressed doesn’t work with depressed”, but what he doesn’t understand is that bipolar disorder is not just depression, it’s a whole spectrum of emotions and -A- and I can relate on a level that most other people can’t because of our shared struggles with it. We laugh about what my brother said now because we both recognize that we are such a perfect match and are happier than ever being able to help each other and keep each other grounded. Neither of us ever saw this coming, knowing each other for so long and never really playing with the idea of being together but now we wouldn’t have it any other way. -A- has been such a blessing to my life and everything I could have ever wanted in a man. He motivates me, comforts me when I need it, listens, helps around the house, works out with me, the sex is unbelievable, he has a great sense of humor, he’s spontaneous, goes to church with me, and genuinely wants to build a future with me. I’ve never been this happy before. Don’t let anyone tell you that it won’t work if you both have mental illnesses, because sometimes it works perfectly ☺️