Hey ! Me (m18) and my girlfriend (f18), have been together for almost a year, I totally lost my mind for her and simply just got really really attached. Me and her spend together a lot of time, I’ve seen her on like %90 of all the days, and it was always us 2. We got really really close , just felt like we didint need anyone else but just us 2. We always showed a lot of love and affection to each other, and I never really thought anything could be wrong between us. Well she has gone through a lot in her life and it’s not easy for her  at the moment either . Recently she’s started being really mean to me and like we would hangout but it would just be a little bit different, I know she’s been like struggling with some type of depression but it’s really bi-polar. When I try to talk to her about anything she always makes it seem like whatever I’m saying is totally not a problem and I’m just tripping, when I really think I’m just trying to figure everything out talk to her about it becouse I know we can fix it. But nothing seems to be a problem to her. She has these  I’m sorry to call it like that but 3 “drugy” girl friends that she goes out with a lot and, and she always tells me she’s a lot nicer and just less stressed when she’s around them, but she loves me so much and needs me and I just have to be patient because she will figure it out. But she doesn’t know why she acts like that around me. Whatever she does I always just like forget about it because I feel like i really know her and everything is gonna be fine as Long as it’s me and her at the end of the day. But now after a while of this I  just feel so bad man like sometimes I really feel like she does not give a f*ck about me, when like all I do is just come back to her and make sure she’s feeling alright when I never had her check up on me or ask how I’m feeling and I’m just geting so lost in all of this and I would tell her all of this and than she would call me and say that she loves me,  that there is nothing more important for her than me but like nothing ever changes and the worst moments are the only moments that she makes me feel wanted.  But I truly care for her they way i never cared for anyone and like if I could I would move mountains for that girl, and I would go with every damn thing she says. But I just don’t feel like myself anymore.