Me and my girlfriend met via and dating app, and here we are 4 months deep into our relationship and I’ve truly never felt anything like this. I’ve never been so consumed by another human being so quickly, so completely engulfed by someone that at some points it brings me to tears. I was dishonest with her out of the gate about how many sexual partners I had been with(which was completely moronic) since this issue she has made it evidently clear that she does not trust me, which bothers me greatly. I am however doing everything within my power to gain her trust back because the love I have for her is unmatched by anything I’ve ever felt before in my life. She’s smart, funny, kind and drop dead fucking gorgeous. I’m still learning about the insecurities(and how to build her upward and not trigger) that she has from eating disorders in her past, but I’ve never once in my life been so sure about something than I am about being with her. She means more to me than anything that’s ever stepped foot into my life. Although it’s only been 4 months and there are definitely some kinks in the relationship that need to be worked out she is the most amazing human being I have ever encountered in my entire life. It’s also a situation that I cannot look away from(whether you believe in fate/destiny is up to you) after having a lot of really shitty experiences with dating apps and then stumbling across this angel. We basically moved in together pretty quickly out of the gate and naturally had plenty of growing pains along the way(put the dishes away like this, clean as you go[im a professional chef so I cook for us all the time] only put so much in the laundry machine, what to set the heat & AC on... etc. We have also done our fair share of fighting about menial shit, but at the end of the day..... this girl means more to me than anything in my entire life. (Keeping in mind being a professional chef) I remember the first time I fell in love with food... I was tripping on LSD and tasted pizza but I tasted every singled ingredient individually and simultaneously how every single ingredient worked in perfect unison & that I wanted to recreate that experience for people(minus the LSD)... this girl has captivated me harder than my first love(food) she has taken my entire heart and I truly don’t know what I’d do without her. She keeps me honest and sincere about my actions, she makes me want to be a better person, she drives me to the best human being I can be, she makes me want to push and be the best person I can possibly be. I’ve never once loved someone as much as I do with her. The fact that our relationship has lasted all of 4 months and I know to my core that I will marry this girl; scares the ever living shit out of me. While it is absolutely beautiful to find “your person” it’s equally as terrifying. We have definitely had our fair share of issues... but issues that can be worked through, it still scares tf out of me. I love her more than I’ve loved anything else in my entire life.