We haven’t talked in years and I still feel the pain of you leaving me with no explanation, no closure, nothing. It took me years to process those feelings in a mature and constructive way. I destroyed myself even more than you did while we were together. I didn’t think I deserved love or respect. I’ve always faulted myself for you leaving. I always thought that if I was prettier or cooler or more confident or smarter you would’ve stayed. But none of that is true because I was all those things and more and you still left. You would always leave because you were meant to. I always thought I healed from this but I didn’t. I was just running from the pain instead of facing it. I always fantasize about the day I run into you again and I look amazing and you look stupid for ever leaving me. I still hope that day comes but I hope that when it does I don’t even care because I’ve grown and healed and moved on. I deserve to grow and be healed from this. I’ve been so strong and tried to suppress this pain for years but I’m ready to stop running and just face it. I deserve to experience this pain and I’m happy to because that’s where I’ll find myself again. That’s where I’ll find the love and respect and stability that I’ve been craving my whole life. I tried to replace you and recreate what we had so many times. I searched for you in everyone I met. I panicked when I could feel them leaving. I always knew they’d leave though because I was searching for you when I should’ve been searching for something new and better than what we had. I’m ready to heal and grow no matter how dark the path gets. I don’t want to live in stagnation waiting for you to come back. Even though I’ve never admitted it that’s what I’ve been doing. Why else would I continuously put myself in situations that I knew would fail? I want to chase myself and my dreams and let the love I deserve meet me where I’m at. Even though you broke me, I’m stronger now because I realized that I was all I needed to put me back together was me. I’m always going to be what I need.