i finished a manga not to long ago named The Quintessential Quintuplets. Were the story consist of a guy having to tutor five twin sisters who end up falling in love with him and he with them. At the end (spoilers) he ends up choosing one of them... which PISSED ME OFF. don't get me wrong i'm not some guy who wants him to dick down all five sisters at the same time with a blunt in his mouth. But i fail to understand the idea that someone has to get hurt when it comes to love triangles or that you can only love someone at one time. I mean where does that love for the other person go? does it just disappear in thin? obviously not; So why are we gauging and playing rock paper scissor with people we're in love with? I'm aware of jealously (Ill get to that later) But the FACT that loving them both at same time isn't even a thought confuses me. Like picture this two people both are the reason why you smile, the reason you have the strength to do anything, that whenever you accomplish something they're one of the ones you want to tell first , the ones who make you stumble words, the ones get you TRIGGERED when they give you one word responses; having you thinking your done with them.... but sleep with your phone beside you Just in case. I mean honestly and for a lack of a better term they are the reason you breathe. An yes jealously is a big issue to a network like that but its not remotely exclusive to it. if someone just don't want to share then that fine. but if i'm lead to believe that love is this remarkable things that can trump all then why the fuck cant people sit down talk , attempt, and see where it goes. Because at the end of the day this is someone you love. me personally; i cant say i love someone BUT when ask the reason why i'm not with them i say " she couldn't only love me" with having to at least attempt to see things through. At the end of the manga he chooses one and the other sisters are shown to be "OK" with this outcome and i find this to be fantastical. This is a guy they fought hard for. i mean throughout the series this guy encourage them to go down they're dream path even when things seem unrealistic , we they would fall he picked them up, we they gave up he force them to keep trying. and your telling me they're "OK"? And this guy love them right? your telling me hes OK with having to hurt them with no second thought, no other ideas, just the thought that there can only be one? i mean they held him up just as much as he did for them , they accepted him for him an didn't let his social standing matter. And i'm aware of the issues that come with a relationship like this but not a single one of those issues would be unique to a multiple partner relationship. So i ask .... Why Do We Assume You Can only Love One Person.