A tale of the black lagoon
A sixteen-year-old girl is lost in the forest. She came with a group of friends but… they were gone. She screamed for help but the trees muffle the noise to the point that it could be interpreted as any number of animals. She tried and failed but she kept walking. 
The crisp ice-cold night was hidden by the darkness created by the trees. The trees rustled quietly while creating a fortress of darkness with shreds of light breaking through. Her teeth chattered in the cold. She thought to bring her phone but they were getting off the grid. She had no way out just as she was about to give up hope luck hit her.
She came across a lake or as her neighbor used to say a lagoon. The strange thing about the ‘lagoon’ was that it was glowing. It had a strange aura to it. The ‘aura’ seemed to come from nowhere. Even though it was glowing the water was still foggy and dark it seemed impossible but maybe she was dreaming (maybe). 
She stopped to rest she laid beside the ‘lagoon’ she thought about her mistakes… the reasons she came here in the first place. (why) she thought. This question even puzzled her (i...i...what do I do) she thought to herself. “Help somebody please help!” she screamed as she began to cry how could she live with herself… how could she?
The sobbing was interrupted by a deep gargle from the ‘lagoon’. She sat up her hands pressed on the ground looking at the water scared but thinking it was nothing. She stood up her hands sinking before she pulled them out of the mud. She looked over the ‘lagoon’ when a longer gargle began. It was deep and loud.
Fear struck she was crying much harder now tears flowing. She saw a figure hidden in the water being revealed as it rose. The creature walked out of the water. She could see it with her own eyes an impossible horrific creature. It’s skin a deep dark green like mold. It had slimy leathery skin. It’s teeth sharp and brown like pointed rusty razors. She was screaming and crying, tears flowing. She screamed for help, but there was no help, no savior, nothing could save her… she was alone… at least almost… alone.
She could not move all she could do was blink and scream. It slowly moved toward her (ever so slowly). Towering above her, it stood before her. It made a strange noise. She could smell its breath… the smell of her best friend’s perfume. She let out a short burst of tears breaking some barrier of movement. She could run, but it was too late he had caught her. A fish caught by bait. Her broken past had led her here in hiding. In a sick and twisted way, she deserved it for what she had done…. The creature showed a sickly bent smile. Showing all (ALL) of its teeth. Its mouth rose wide (the fish had been baited, cooked and prepared). She almost passed out, but by some sick truth she didn’t, she needed to see what it was like to die (time for the final course). It’s mouth slammed shut and its teeth sunk in and it was over. (a delicious meal, the fish was divine).  It sunk back into its home waiting for its next meal to arrive.