My boyfriend and I have been together for about a year and a half now. At the beginning of the relationship we would have sex multiple times a day, in public, just very spontaneously whenever and however, and now I’m lucky if I have sex at all. I’m a fairly petite woman, 5’6 and 115lbs, and I really do think I’m pretty. Over the course of our relationship I maybe have gained ~5 lbs but I have never strayed a noticeable amount away from where I started when we met, and I’m a recovered ED so my weight tends to fluctuate several lbs up and down. Anyways the point is- I’m conventionally a very attractive, skinny girl yet the lack of interest my bf has been showing in me is killing my confidence. He has been staying with me at my house throughout quarantine (around 2.5 months) so we have spent a significant amount of time together recently bc usually we are long distance. Before he came to stay with me he mentioned he had been watching a lot of porn and he eventually spontaneously just drove to come stay with me (correlation does not equal causation). Anyways everything was kosher and we were having sex a normal amount for our relationship, but I started to notice more and more days in between our intimate acts. Then one day we were watching a movie on his computer and he went to google something and previous searches for (I’ll spare the explicit content) porn came up. I remember reading it and acting weird the rest of the night bc I just felt hurt. I don’t care if my partner watches porn, but he had been staying at my house for a while and it sparked my curiosity. So the next day I was able to look at his search history (I know his comp password) and lo and behold there was tons and tons of porn searches and explicit websites bookmarked- all time stamped from hours I was in the other room, or out of the house to run a quick errand. I became kind of obsessed with the models he was watching and now find myself frequently looking them up as well as the very strange sites he uses to watch porn that I’ve never heard of, and that I am fairly confident now he must pay for? Since then, I felt very guilty for going through his computer and did not like the way it made me feel controlling and insecure. Fast forward a couple weeks and I felt a inkling to check it again because the sex is getting less and less frequent as the days go by. The history is time stamped again with tons of searches of porn for times I have been at work or the doctor, and once again in the other bloody room. he always asks if I am going to work in the morning and he’s never very kind about it- like he’s pushing me out of my own house and bed and it kills any opportunity to initiate sex in the morning. I feel like he pushes me out so he can have time to do whatever he is doing on his computer looking at these women. I’ve become paranoid now whenever I leave the house or the room that he is searching porn and watching it- and unfortunately his history searches keep confirming my worries. It’s not the first time I have caught him doing weird stuff in my own house either, probably back in nov 2019 I came out of the shower and saw the reflection of his computer screen in the mirror and it was a photo set of lewd photos. It took a lot of courage for me to bring up back then and he told me it was just a link he found on reddit 🙄. We haven’t had sex in weeks now, and I’m starting to feel very beaten down from trying to initiate. I will mention it briefly or ask if he wants to have sex or physically try to initiate but nothing ever comes of it. I ask to pleasure him orally and get rejected and like I said I’m pretty hot so WTF?!? Also something that extra bothers me is the amount that he goes out of his way to comment on other women’s bodies and sexual parts ALL. THE. TIME. Yesterday I tried to initiate sex in the AM and he told me he was too tired. I was frustrated and walked my dog and got that paranoid feeling that he was probably watching porn while I was gone again. We cuddled all day after I got home and I thought maybe if I kissed on him enough he would become interested. Nope. Later that night, same situation again, we were watching a movie and he googled something and previous porn searches came up. I am beginning to be able to tell when he has watched porn too bc of how strange he acts around his computer and secretive. He didn’t want me to type or search on his computer yesterday so I knew something was weird, and then the searches popped up. I checked the history this morning after hardly getting any sleep, and he was looking at porn while I was cooking him dinner. My heart is so sad and broken because I think he loves me but every time I try to have sex with him there’s a reason not to and it’s frankly making me feel like a disgusting hog (even though I know I’m not). It made me cry yesterday thinking about how I wanted to so bad and tried but he would rather look at other women while I’m in the other room. I’m at a loss. Someone help me.