So its the year 2014 and I am at this time in my early 20's hella nerdy still but cute (I think) and really just minded my own business. Well one night I decided to do an open mic downtown and sing. So I packed my shit and went down there. I then go straight to the back of the coffee shop at the end of a dingy hallway and sit on the steps. There I open my guitar case an start rehearsing the funeral by Band of horses. (That's my jam btw). Two strums in and I hear a deep voice asking me if I was performing tonight. I said yes I was and asked him the same. 20 minutes later his name gets called and I hear him play guitar. It was beautiful, he was talented and cute. Though at the time his 6'5 frame wore a shirt that was a bit too short for his torso. He had sparkling blue eyes, dirty blonde hair and a wicked smile. His accent was so adorable. Later that night we exchanged numbers and became friends. He was a German exchange student going to school here in town and was about to go back home. I thought to myself. Damn, just my luck. Well, we hung out as much as possible and I just fell deeper and deeper in love. One night our friends were supposed to hang with us but they ditched us, so German guy and I headed to the park to play and sing some music, we sit on a bench over looking the city and two random men who herd us came up to us and started rapping. We were making beautiful music all on a whim. It was the best night of my life. It was the night I knew I definitely was in love with him. But was he in love with me? A dark curly haired, brown eyed girl. It was time for him to go home and he called me as he boarded the plane. I cried so hard believing I would never see him again. So guess what ya girl did? I bought a plane ticket to go see him and family. I was so happy, so excited, so filled with joy that I didn't know what to do. You want to know what happened? I gave him the wrong address cause I don't speak German and the directions I got were trash. We were in two different cities in the same hotel. So fucking tragic. So I board a plane to England then home. He then comes here. Then I go there. This was the best trip cause we said we liked each other. Holy shit! I couldn't believe it. I fucking almost pissed my pants from excited. But on the outside I played it so cool. Actually no, after that beautiful moment I ran face first into a sign Telling my dumb ass where to board. After a few months he says we are friends. I cried to myself for a few days. I began dating around and realized that I need to move on. Then he decides to come back 5 times to see me. We spend all the time together, do everything and then he's gone. He tells me he wants to start flying here every year and that I should fly to Germany once a year too. But I know he's seeing other people, as am I. what do I do? Do I cut it off? We try to talk about it but It gets intense in a sad way. But I can't keep on this way. We both have goals we want to reach in this life.