I want to know how you guys deal with the rest of your team? It gets very hectic at my store. I am one of two full time employees. The other is an elderly woman who’s more interested in shopping for her home or hanging out in hardware where she was transferred from because she didn’t get along with the manager. She takes several breaks without letting me know where she has went, purposely leaves the floor at least 10 minutes before end of shift to avoid customers. Our supervisor is more focused on the overly staffed flooring department. My ASM as well. So it’s really just me over there. I spend 80% of my time in an office fixing the other twos messed up orders. I have requested my supervisor not put anything in my name because she always sells it wrong. She continues. When I go over an order with her her words are “ohh did I screw up again?” Like really? The elderly woman either messes up as well or tells everyone to come back when I am here especially if they are foreign customer. I really have no time to actually go after sales. The people I do help are unfortunately rushed because I have so many things to fix. I have explained the elderly woman’s behavior to my ASM who tells me they can’t really do anything because she’s old and basically are afraid of a lawsuit. Every once and a while there’s convo of appointment based department as we are a walk-in department. However I wonder how will this work? There’s only so many hours in a shift, everyone working home decor knows that a customer can easily be there over 2 hours. I still have to do IRP and zoning. This really would only leave me with two slots max a day for appointments. To be honest I am overwhelmed, both the store manager and ASM don’t care. They feel this department is all curtains and cutting blinds. Hell no!!! When they see me in the office I sometimes get a “whatcha working on” convo. Like do you want to do this? I would love to throw away by book of fuck ups and reorders and do what I am paid to do, and you hold them  space heaters accountable.  It’s no surprise that we are undergoing some type of change, so with the push for more sales, credit, etc, I would like some advice to handle this situation. I don’t like to be the corporate caller, however I feel this go round of changes will be the end for many higher paid associates at no fault of their own.