So a couple of days ago me and my clan mates decided to do the stop hitting yourself triumph in GoS since it was the last triumph my clan mate needed to get Enlightened. So for those that don't know: during the Boss fight in GoS the Sanctified Mind destroys parts of the ground you are standing on and exposes it to vex milk. That makes it harder since you have limited space to stand on w/o getting damaged from the Vex milk. You can rebuild those parts of the ground by creating a tether chain between two points. Now for the triumph you need to kill 20 vex by building up the ground again. So they get killed when they stand where the ground will reappear. If they stand on a part of the ground that gets destroyed by the boss it also counts towards the goal. Took us like two hours because it is so RNG based. You never really know which plattforms the boss is gona destroy or vex move away right when you are rebuilding. we made it in the end tho on our last try before we wante to give up. Quick rundown how we did it if sb cares. So we did the usual: Killing ads is allowed to stop them from sacrificing up to a certain point. There are three teams: Mote team 1 and 2 consists of each two people and the third team is the building team also consisting of two people. Now 2 people go in the blue portal first and get motes and deposit them on blue bank. Killing ads is still allowed. As soon as mote team 1 gets pulled out from blue portal mote team 2 goes also into the blue portal and collects another set of motes and deposits them in the blue bank. Now here is the important part: as soon as the blue bank is full YOU DON'T kill an ads on the blue bank anymore. They won't sacrifice bc the blue bank is full but you still can kill ads on the orange bank since they still can sacrifice there. Now that is where the RNG part comes in. The building team now focuses on the blue bank to rebuild when there are a lot of vex around the bank to kill them. What also helped is that we opened usually both portals eventhough we only went through one of them. Afaik that makes the boss destroy more plattforms. It is important that the plattforms toward the boss are destroyed since thats where the most ads are and are better for rebuild kills. I heard the tip floating around to shoot the vex heads off at blue bank. this tip is bs since then they will run after you and shoot shit this getting out of the kill zone. For the orange bank you basically do business as usual. ALSO IMPORTANT: Cyclops are high priority. So the mote teams are required to snipe them off quickly AND IT IS THEIR RESPONSIBILITY. When portal gets opened there will spawn one and when a mote team gets pulled there spawns one. Usually it was my job to kill the cyclops when we got pulled. just stay on the starting plattform and wait for the cyclops to spawn in. Those caused some unnecessary deaths because we forgot them. We did 3 damage phases to get 20 kills so make sure to not damage the boss too much. The triumph is a bit harder since you kinda want no plattforms left so you have to hop from rock to rock and you have little cover. Loadout wise i ran Supremacy, Subjunctive, and xeno. was on titan with actium war rig. 4x enhanced relay defender also helped a ton. I know its a long wall of text but the GoS triumphs and challenges can get a bit frustrating sometimes so I thought this might help some people.