So before i start my story i posted the same story over on the Acid reddit page aswell. So here we go For the story i will not be using my friends names to kinda hide there identity's...... So we decided to drop a while back after not doing it a good few months and prior to doing it this time. We said fuck it since we had a tolerance to it before we did 4 tabs and my one other friend did 5. so in the beginning we were drinking and playing cards against humanity at my friend's cousins house (he has his own place) se we went and stayed the night there as a safe place to party. we were having fun then out of no where i wasnt able to read the cards very good. so we said fuck this for right now because my 2 friends were feeling the same and i played a little smite and went into there "smoke room" and we smoked super fat and then all the sudden there carpet on the floor and the one on there wall started spinning. i was like wtf is going on. meanwhile my best friend was vibing in the corner next to me and staring at the bird seed and not to long later he became unresponsive and he didnt talk or even blink now that i think about it. anyways we left the room andet him vibe by himself for a bit cuz he was super high. we went in there like 20 minutes later and he was still in his trance not responding to us. so me and my other friend picked him up and carried him out of the smoke room and put him on the couch. he was still unresponsive at this time and i thought he was gonna die. so i was walking back and forth to all the windows to the door and back and forth constantly because i for whatever reason the swat team was gonna kick im the door and.i ended up having a panic attack and throwing up on there floor and i spent the rest of the night trying to clean it up and it was red because of the cheetos i ate and i thought i was dieing aswell because i forgot i ate the cheetos. anways there's alot of other stuff that happend if you want to hear more about it or other experiences let me know ill try to make a part 2 or my other experiences (I have alot) and ill let you guys judge me haha... If anyone knows what my friend was going through let me know because im super curious.