Just tripped for the first time, ever. 300ug. I did it with my friend. We took it and then waited for about an hour and I started stressing out for some reason. I really felt the need to get out of my room. I eventually work up the courage to go outside which really calmed me down. Took a walk for a while and stopped at a wooded area. Friend looked at the stars whilst I just examined the foliage on the ground like a complete madman. For some unknown reason I was compelled to cross the road. When I crossed over and I turned to look at my friend, the road felt like it wasn’t there for some reason. Or that I was there, but I didn’t feel like I was standing, and the road didn’t feel like such an obstruction than it usually would be for some reason. The visuals were typical and I wasn’t really interested in them due to how nauseating they made me feel, so I tried my best to avoid that type of shit. My friend later went home and I was properly tripping for a solid 7-8hours, then had a period afterwards where I felt extremely high, but it felt like a different high than weed. It’s like a weed high but the dissociation is waaay more. And then after the high stopped, I was dissociated for a long ass time. During the trip I had thoughts that I can’t really wrap my head around but for some reason my brain kept vocalising things like “this is insane”, or “I am so there”, obviously I wasn’t thinking those words, it was more abstract thoughts that for some reason my brain vocalised into that. I also kept imagining that kid from perks of being a wallflower when he was tripping out too. When I looked at myself in the mirror my flaws were more apparent (paid more attention to spots, blackheads, hairline, etc) but despite that I found myself more attractive than what I usually would for some strange reason. That’s about it for my experience, really. One thing that REALLY got me down was my dog. He just wasn’t into the vibe in my room at all. I kept trying to play with him but he just wasn’t having it. I think he knew something was up with me? It’s all a big blur. I doubt I’ll do it again alone, I’ll probably do it again in a group.