I have done acid twice before this trip and shrooms probably about three times. In between each trip I wait at least a month, usually more, to not gain a tolerance and have to take more when I trip each time. I have never had a trip like this before and it was horrible. I took 1 1/2 tabs at around 10 PM and my boyfriend took 2 1/2 tabs at the same time. We placed them on our tongue and waited about 15 minutes and swallowed. Usually, It takes about 30-45 minutes to start really feeling it physically and seeing things, but this time, within 15 fucking minutes I was almost unable to walk and the feeling was so overwhelming. The come up was so intense and I began to throw up for about 10 minutes straight. At first, I thought I was just a bit overwhelmed from the effects and usually after I throw up while tripping I feel immediate relief, but I felt so overwhelmed and hot and it was so hard to breath. We decided to take a walk outside to get some air, and for a minute I felt a little better, but as we began walking the visuals were so fucking crazy; the trees were huge towering over the streets and were swaying back and forth at rapid speed. I felt overwhelmed again and decided I wanted to call my mom to pick me up because I felt like I was seriously going to die. I asked my boyfriend if he wanted to come back with me to my house and he said no and that we was actually super glad that I was going home if I thought It would make me feel better, and that he was looking forward to tripping by himself for the first time. At this point, I felt relieved to be going home and him not having to look after me and putting a damper on his trip. Also at this point, he told me he was having a good trip and that It was just super intense, but nothing bad. We get back into his room and I get all my things together and try to stay calm while I was waiting for my mom. It was super hard to be with my boyfriend because it felt like his energy was so crazy and intense and his room was so bright and every thing was moving at such a fast pace. When my mom came to get me, the car ride was still super crazy and my moms face was looking so dark and goblin like when I looked at her in the car that I just kept my eyes off her and tried to connect to myself and gain control of my mind. When I got home I was watched over by my sister until 3 am, but the effects and the numbness of my body did not even slightly go away even then. I seriously looked at a blanket and saw every last molecule on the blanket; nothing was hidden during this time, I saw everything.  I could not sleep until two days later and even the next day it felt hard to breath and my neck was numb for some weird reason. The huge differences  I felt this time was how horrible my body felt and I felt from the start, and it felt like I was on another drug than acid. The visual effects were so harsh and it was not a smooth trip. Just need some people to help me so I can kind of find clarity. Thanks