So I began using psychedelics in grade 10 I first tried shrooms and when I first got into them I felt as though I had discovered and entire new world. The craziest and most excitement packed night to me meant being alone in my basement with a tab of acid and I was never a loner I was pretty popular and went to lots of parties but once I discovered LSD parties felt like a waste of time and money, I would take acid about every 2 weeks and I barely used drugs when I wasn’t on acid, when I was not on acid I spent most of my time researching psychedelics and listening to Terence McKenna or psyched substance on YouTube. Psychedelics because such a huge part of my life and I knew so much about them I remember just the way I could speak about them with such knowledge made many others disregard the rumours they had heard about them which was a good thing. One day I decided to try a research chemical called 4-ACO-DMT fumarate, now I also completely messed up the dosage but I didn’t really care at the time I had tried acid about 14 times and I had only had positive experiences, I couldn’t even understand how someone could have a bad trip or not have fun well on psychs but I rememeber it kicking in way to quickly and me and my cousin both been to get very scared he put a towel over his head and tried to sleep but for some reason I just assumed he was dead I was very confused due to all of the auditory hallucinations I was hearing, everything sounded as though I was under water. I was very disoriented and I tried to call myself an ambulance but the visuals were far to intense to even unlock my phone. After that I tried acid one time again the trip started at my dealers house and I was enjoying the acid but he had also gotten some 1P-LSD from a new supplier and some of his customers were claiming it wasn’t working so he decided to take 5 tabs to test it out. I remember being distracted on my phone and not really realizing that he took so much but then he offers to drive me to my other friends so I say sure and we get in his car and Then he begins to drive exactly how you would drive if you were playing grand theft auto. He peels down the street and then tells me he can barely see anything on the road other then visuals as he tells me he think anew are going to die. After that weird Encounter I get dropped off hear some friends andI was smoking with them when I thought I saw a crowd of people with masks and hoodies on and I started to panic because I thought that we were going to be jumped, I tried to explain to my friends that we needed to leave as we were waiting for the bus but it was too hard for me to communicate with them I mean they just saw me frantically pointing to a bush screaming that we are going to die if we don’t leave so they kinda just assumed I was loosing it but they finally called us an Uber anyway. When I get home I was sitting down and I could hear class shatter and people talking about robbing my house so i thought the people followed us from where we were smoking but my friends reassured me it was all in my head. After that I stopped doing everything except weed until 9 months later when I did mushrooms again alone to see if I was ready to go back to them and I was very uncomfortable throughout the whole trip I just couldn’t see the fun in it, everything was just dark and I regretted ever taking them. It’s been about 1.5 years since I did the acid and that was the drug I enjoyed the most I’m just wondering if there’s ever going to be a point where I can have good experiences again or will the anxiety I feel at the come up continue forever.