Sorry in advance for the grammar errors.  I am a freshman about to be a sophomore in high school and I had recently felt in love with lsd and loved all the unexplainable weird things that happen on it and I had always wanted to go deeper into the trip but only had 1 tab(200 ug)but was reallyyy feeling like tripping hard that night so I searched up how to potentiate acid and ppl said to smoke a lil weed so I did I popped the tab waited about an hour and a half and I had all the weed I would need so I went outside and was just as happy as could be and smoked about half a blunt just to feel how my body would react to this combination and I was just getting these amazing visuals almost overwhelming but in a wowww I have never ever experienced this in my life type of visuals.  So all was good as soon as I go back and lay in my bed and put my earbuds in my mind starts to kind of loose it and I hear this weird buzzing sound that’s almost coming from inside my head and it would go higher and lower in pitch even after I took off my earbuds to see wtf is going on then BOOM I’m full on tripping and I can’t control any of my thoughts I was almost blind from the visuals and my whole span of view is covered in pixels and I’m just scared for my life at this point and I have no where to escape I close my eyes and after seconds of doing that I feel myself floating up into space and there were shadows that would rush out from the walls and I could feel my body just almost convulsing every time one them would pass through me and I remember looking down over and seeing my dog on my recliner chair staring at me with his ears back and shivering and had his tail tucked between his legs which keep in mind he was fast asleep a couple minutes ago.  A couple minutes later I see my dog start pacing back and fourth in the room and he throws up all of a sudden and when I come near him to say it’s okay he acts like he doesn’t want to be touched which is very weird for him.  I was at a point of giving up as I lay in the bed I would just see the room morph as the shadows grew and my body started twitching and shivering uncontrollably with my mouth hanging open just staring off with no expression and it was like I could see myself from a third person view.  I also have a desk in my room I keep for homework and all of a sudden a paper falls off and another just floats down a few seconds after but my fan isn’t on and the vent wasn’t blowing any air at this time.  I read a post from another guy who tried this combo and said his girlfriend said he looked possessed and couple almost feel the tension in the room which reminded me of my experience.  And yeah I get it I tripped wayyyy to hard because the weed potentiated acid way more than I expected but the way my dog was staring at me like he knew what I was seeing and threw up kind of scared me he even growled at one point but would never take his eyes off of me.  And what the hell was that buzzing sound I heard in my head and every time I would get a burst of fear that I was honestly going to lose my life, the buzzing sound would reach a higher pitch but it was almost like my body was shutting down and I had no control over it, what did I experience?  I think there’s more to psychedelics than we realize. My mind has been permanently changed from these experiences.