So I’ve been taking small amounts of Lucy to help with my studies. And the other day I woke up, took a small peice and went back to bed and noticed I had a dream where I was more myself, questioning stuff. So this morning. I did the same thing went back to bed.my dream put me in a place that’s outside the city where my university is. I was with a big crowd of people ( my age ) and they were passing me fags and stuff. I was so confused as to how I got there I was telling them I must have come to a party and blacked out. But then I saw a plane flying really really low and it was flapping its wings ? Like a bird. Immediately I thought this was super strange but got distracted. So strange that it woke up me. But I wasn’t in the bed I went to sleep in! And that point I knew I was lucid dreaming! For the first bloody time! So then my dream took me to a little street in a old English town and night. Now I’ve been lurking on this reddit for a while and have read a couple things to do in a dream. So I ran to the nearest person (whose eyes were huge) and asked him to tell me something about myself. He ignored me and rode away on his bike. I then ran to the next two people and shouted the same thing (speaking in my dream was very weird, was conscious of whether I was shouting in the real world). They ignored me and walked away. So then I shouted (as someone said go on here) to show me the end of the world. I then began floating up and up and got so excited that I woke up. Woke up in the dream before! So then I run outside and instantly know I’m still lucid dreaming. I find this car and try to break the window. Smashing it, punching it and even getting wolverine claws to break it. I was not successful. So I get in the front seat and start driving away. Suddenly I’m in the back seat and my grandad is driving it. I then get excited again. Grab him! And scream (Nana let’s get some girls in here) laughing so hard I’m shaking him like a ragdoll. He doesn’t respond so I just sit back and look at my hand. Funnily enough I have 5 fingers, with a little mutated one trying to come out... this is all so crazy because I’ve been trying to lucid dream since I was a kid. Lucy is truly amazing