So a couple months ago I dropped two white on white tabs that are absolute fire. I had 4 and decided to give 2 to my other friend and he said that it was the highest he has ever been on acid and he only took one tab. He took the other tab with a first time tripper and freaked out, saying it was way too intense and to be honest he seemed pretty disturbed about his experience. Which sucks. I took the two thinking that they where 100ugs. Keep in mind that I always take two but this time the acid turned on me and was extremely intense. I found out yesterday that my dealer is selling the same batch and he said that they are 150ugs and that the ones he sold me where also 150ugs. I honestly don't believe anyone who says their tabs are higher than 100ugs, but this trip in particular was extremely unexpectedly intense. I was having the craziest visuals of my life. Fractals all over my walls. There was a point where I couldn't even recognize my own room since the walls began to take from of Mayan esque walls. I closed my eyes for the majority of the trip and listen to music to get that introspective trip, but the CEV where like nothing I've seen before. They looked like 1960's art nouveau posters. Like as if I was watching a 1960's billboard move around and unfold infront of me. I was also dying and being reborn countless times on my trip and every time I gained consciousness from my ego death it felt like as if I was waking up from a nap. I was so gone on those ego deaths that I didn't know where I was or what I was doing. Like every time I came back I didn't know if I was walking, sitting or laying down during the time I was "gone" in my ego death. I had the "white light" experience during some of my ego deaths. I also felt what I could describe to be a state of Nirvana where I could see Ganesh and I could feel myself being outside the circle of life anz it felt as if time was nonexistent or as if it was a moment of eternity (I really don't know how to describe it). I definalty had to surrender completly to the experience which was difficult but when I let myself free I would have the most pleasurable ego deaths of my life.  Also this was by far the hardest and longest I have ever tripped. Could these tabs really be 150ugs? Because i feel like that trip was definalty 300ugs.