About a month ago I took a tab and had a fantastic trip. I didn't test the tab because my friend has taken these tabs many times before at much higher doses than me and assures me they're perfectly safe, and there's no one I trust more than him so I figured I was good to go. I'm getting ready to trip again at a higher dosage, but before I do I just want to make sure what I'm taking really is L. And yes, I know a test kit is cheap and legal and easy to get online but when you live with parents who get the mail for you and check your card history thats a difficult thing to get inconspicuously. I have a full trip report in my post history, but I'll give a brief overview of the effects I experienced here. I dropped a tab that I was told was 110ug, but my friend said it might be closer to 200ug, however idk whether or not thats true because he always takes more than one. Anyways, about 10 or 15 minutes after I finished dropping, or 20 or 30 minutes after I put it on my tongue, I started to feel tingly. Close to an hour later I felt really really stoned, but a little fuzzier than I would be on high doses of marijuana. After that I cant remember much of a timeline for awhile, but I watched a movie and the actors faces looked like they were moving like bubbles do, flowing and morphing and shit. The patterns on my tapestries were flowing like oil in water. At one point I got up to go to the bathroom and when I saw the rest of the house I got really upset that there was a world outside of my room and i thought I was terrible. Didn't send the trip bad though. As I was taking a piss the toilet felt like it was getting further and further away. After what I believe was a few hours, I think the peak was over and I was on the come down and I was getting really really introspective. Meaning of life, how the world and life in interconnected, all that. Around hour 11 I was almost completely sober and after 12 hours I was good to go, aside from being sleep deprived. Does this sound like a legit L trip to y'all?