Hello friends, for backstory I am 18 and my friend is as well. We have tripped several times together and we tripped for the first time in late 2018. Our only 2 together went great for me, but my friend was acting very bizarre and not very coherent, with the second trip being weirder (1st trip was 1 tab, second was 2). I recommended he stop, but he wanted to try tripping solo. He took one tab the first time, and he sent me dozens of panicked texts and weird ideas (I was asleep and did not reply to any of these). The second trip he took slightly less than one tab that was stronger, and reacted in the same way. He told me very recently that he thinks that trip might have messed him up, and sometimes comes up with bizarre conspiracies, has troubling realizations, such as he says sometimes he is confronted with this abrasive idea that all matter is just meaningless particles including life. He also does believe in a universal consciousness, thinks all life has value, and loves nature, so it’s not his belief system. He describes on occasion just this abrupt change in his environment and that thought just strikes him and moments like that limit his ability to fully communicate. Any time he smokes weed after his 4th trip, he ends up in some way feeling like he is tripping and acting in incredibly bizarre and uncomfortable ways. I would also like to note he does not have any history of mental illness or any family lineage of mental illness. Before anyone reading this gets incredibly worried about their sanity being risked, I have taken substantially more trips than him, at unbelievably higher doses, and have nothing but positive things to report. I have a dozen other friends who also have had a decent amount of high dose experiences with no mental problems, and one of them has a family history of mental illness. I would like anyone’s suggestion as to where we should go from here or to what he should do. We have agreed he should stop tripping and for the most part he is a solidly put together guy, able to function, has a job, great at the guitar, does good in school etc. We are worried about him going for medical help due to the fact that he will immediately be placed on some type of medication, effectively changing him. We both think it’s possible that this is something that can be fixed over time or mentally, but would just appreciate some new opinions.