I have tried lsd before and I’ve been pretty good with it. My first time on it can only be described as amazing and beautiful. But, the second time I tried it (1-2 months ago) I don’t know what happened. I was hanging with my friend and her boyfriend and I decided to trip (first time with people around). I didn’t feel anything after taking a tab so I decided to take another for the first time. The first tab hit and then I felt excited to see what will happen next. I started off seeing cool stuff, my friend’s hair is red and so her hair was like glowing. I saw stars on her ceiling and honestly I felt like I was in space because everything looked like purplish blue. Her boyfriend left and we watched scooby doo but then it all took a sharp turn. I either blacked out or fell asleep and when I woke up I was confused, repeating myself multiple times (literally saying the same phrases over and over), and I didn’t know who I was. I was texting random phrases in random group chats and I was afraid I did something horrible and almost called the police. I called my boyfriend, my friends, and a lot of people telling them I loved them and I had no idea who they were. My friend was yelling at me and when I asked if she would be my friend anymore she said “no, not if you keep acting like this!” And then I called my other friend and she talked to me very calmly and calmed me down. I ended the call with her and then my other friend started telling me she’ll drive me home if I kept acting like that. I live with my parents and they are very strict so that would’ve been bad but somehow I stopped acting crazy. I heard voices in my head and I don’t remember what they said but I’m pretty sure I thought it was god. When Fred from scooby doo was talking I remember how hellish it sounded and it scared me too. I was so confused and honestly sometimes when I get high on weed I start getting flashbacks of what happened and I get so scared. Is it smart to take lsd again after that? I’m not going to go taking more than I can handle again but I’m just slightly scared of what ever happened happening again. Also would this be considered an ego death? Or what? Because I forgot who I was, I was confused, and it just felt crazy. I took a little bit of 2cb too but not a lot but tbh I doubt that’s what set me off.