Hi there, I’m gonna try to keep this quick, I’m not a veteran but I’m not too much a noob either. My most recent trip is my second acid but also had 3 shroom trips. I’ve had diff experiences every time but my last one has me shook, obsessed even. The time before I accidentally discovered mirror gazing and saw some things (let me make it clear all I do is in the name of my research and self discovery, I fear little, and willing to face anything). This last trip, a few days ago, I took 3 tabs, don’t know how much, told they’re we’re triple dipped but read that doesn’t mean anything really lol. This is the most I’ve taken at once so far. Quickly how it went, at first it was pain (I’ve had a lot of back/shoulder/neck pain lately) running up and down my spine, all in my ribs and muscles, I was maniacally laughing because 2 things, in a sense it was extreme tickling. The second was I immediately remembered I dreamed most of the night before long ago, e strongest deja vu ever cause I could actually picture the night going. Anyway, after I managed to tame the pain and keep myself in front of my mirror, I sat there and stared into the abyss that is myself. This is already long so I won’t go through the whole experience but it included using 432 hz music which I believe carried my trip, I saw things which I believed to be my past lives faces flash over and over on mine, I had my sketch book (I draw a lot) and I saw something using my hand to write and draw and answer my questions. Now. Somewhere lost in the pain and euphoria, trying to write down any notes I can but all the words keep fading in time as I wrote them, barely able to concentrate, everything grew intense I could barely even see anymore it felt like the room was spinning, all I could think was what was I seeing.. and I felt my hand write on its own.. I look down just barely visible I can read “yore seing” and it damn near broke my heart when I read the next word... “me”. I look up at my mirror. The glass suddenly turns to a black goop along with the frame, and it quickly smoothed out. I knew it was a portal. I only saw two moments for it was dark and it was like the barely light I had in my room flashes into the portal which made like a strobe effect. The first moment.. I saw it.. it was laying on the floor against a wall in an empty and dark room and it looked up and saw me. The next moment of light, it was so close to the portal I couldn’t see its face but I could see it’s hands around the frame as if climbing out. So I shook my head and the portal closed. I spent the rest of the night seeing other things that would take too long to write. I mainly want to know what I saw. The thing is, I’ve seen it before years ago online like a meme where it said this is the “god” u see on acid, people even cry when they end up seeing it (I didn’t but I completely understand why). I need help finding that image. The being looked like it was created in an early 2000 computer simulator, it’s head was at least twice normal size, need to know what it’s face? Closest I got is that monster from courage the cowardly dog, the blue thing from the perfection episode. Just the face and head shape, what I saw had at least arms hands and a chest, maybe legs maybe a serpent like tail, doesn’t matter, ik it’s not much to go off of, but if anyone can find that image that would be amazing, I’ve been trying for days and I can’t. Also maybe if I’ve seen the same thing, I’d love to hear about it if u made it this far, even if u don’t/can’t help me find it, thank you for reading