So Saturday night had all the ingredients for an exceptionally bad night. Long story short on top of my 15+ years of fighting mental illness I’ve also been in a particularly bad spot these last few months. Any who fast forward to last Saturday. I decide to go out to an event with my sister and a friend and friend (who we’ll call k) makes mention of LSD, and sister mentions that I happen to have a vial of Lucy at home. K asks if we could all trip that night, and I figure yeah why not. Now due to the fact that I had tripped a couple months prior and it was an incredibly..... interesting one (300ug mixed with 1200mg dxm), not anything I’d consider a “bad trip” but others with less experience might had disagreed, not fun one either way, I was a little skeptical about doing the Lucy with the headspace I was in, so I figured they could go ahead and I’d trip sit and take some molly (~100mg). Well they dose and I take the molly and then we all chill for a bit. As we talk and I start to come up I decide that I actually would add some cid, since the MDMA was setting in and I figured it’d take away the come up anxiety of the Lucy,  but only one hit (130ug). Well,  it was incredible the visuals were very mild, mostly just peripheral breathing and whenever there were shadows they were a good bit of fun, no depth distortion and very few and brief tracers, but amazing (my god there were these trees covered in lights and it felt so warm and lovely to see) but physically, there’s no words for how I felt. my sense of comfort and happiness were higher than I had ever experienced in my life. We all just sat and talked and then went on a walk at like 4 am and it was so cold and there were lights everywhere and I just felt.... the first true calm and sense of oneness I have ever felt in my life. Nothing really amazing or out of the ordinary really took place but somehow my mind has been so positive since. The day after the trip my sister and I ended up hanging out all day and just talking about anything and everything and for literally like 9 hours without any electronics or other stuff that we usually can’t go 10 minutes without. And my optimism and overall sense of well being have yet to come down. I truly feel like something in me changed and I’ve never felt better. Thank god for these beautiful molecules because I honestly have spent so long being stuck in what I thought was a never ending pit and yet this trip, ironically the lowest dose I’ve ever taken of either of these, has somehow given me a breakthrough that I desperately needed and never expected.