This was May of 2018.  After having taken mdma a few months prior, I was interested in taking acid and so were a few of my friends. It took days to finally get the tabs, but eventually we did.  Me and two other friends took it at around 11pm, we didn't know the dose only it was under 150ug.  About 45 minutes I started to see more vibrant colors, and moving patterns. For some reason I thought that's all that would happen and my friend and I joked that it's just a shitty alternative to weed.  Not long after, I was freaking out about being on the third floor apartment so high up, and convinced everyone to go to the bottom floor. Once we got there, I decided we should go to LA. i am in the parking garage waiting while some of my friends go back to get my car keys.  It's ay this time my paranoia rises.  A car pulls up and I get paranoid that they'll know I'm tripping and get me in trouble.  Then I realized that there's no way they can tell I'm on it and calmed down. I was also thinking that maybe my friends were playing a trick on me and they had to reassure me they weren't.  My friend came back with the keys and we were off to LA.  Six of us crammed in my five seat sedan.  I'm in the middle of the back of my own car (which I chose to sit there for some reason). The driver puts on Home - Resonance, the vibes are good and we are excited to go to LA.  On the way there, my trip peaked, and I had ego dissolution and kinda forgot who I was and who my friends were.  The last thought I had was "lsd can make you feel like you're going insane" before I started thought looping. Part of this loop included me drinking water, so by the time we got to LA, I had to pee really bad.  During the peak, a police car started following us. I wasn't really panicking, just nervous, things such as police and jail were just abstract constructs in my mind at the time.  My friend the driver pulls over at 7-11 and the cop drives away. So lucky since we had people without seatbelts and on drugs in the car. Unfortunately, the 7-11 had no bathroom, so we drove all the way back to the apartment.  The held back urine was causing me a lot of pain at this point, making the trip bad, and I just hugged my female friend the rest of the way while my drive drove at 140mph (what he claims).  We finally got back around 4am, I had an amazing piss, and then just relaxed and listened to music.  Me and the two guys who tripped spent all night talking about the experience and our insights. Honestly it was a great trip, I experienced the beautiful, scary, and weird parts of LSD