i started my trip at 8 pm on saturday with half of a tab, went to the skatepark and skated with my friends and all was well. i landed some tricks i couldn’t quite get but i feel like while slightly rolling i understood how foot position and the board correlated. at this point i had no visuals and the trip was mostly mental. after about 3-4 hours of skating we went back to my friends house where i proceeded to drop the other half of my tab, i felt nothing too different, went home and played rainbow six siege playing with the same people i was tripping with. from here i can’t really tell you the time gaps between tabs because i lost concept of time. (while tripping i thought i had been tripping for days but it in actuality had only been 26 hours) after 10 or so games me and my friend were no longer feeling it so we decided to take a full tab, i dropped the full tab and almost immediately felt it. i had slight visuals (wavy objects and objects morphing) it’s at this point i decided to take a shower. while in the shower i almost felt like i left my dimension and hopped into an alternate one, nothing changed in a physical way, i just had a felling about it. i came out the bathroom and into my bedroom and talked to myself about my drug addiction and how i abuse drugs to escape my reality. (i’m not addicted to a specific drug, i feel i just use drugs to cope with certain things i can’t really deal with on my own) and talked myself in and out of going to a sober home. luckily my brother walked in and grounded me just chatting and spending time with me. Sometime when the sun came up one of my friends came over and asked if i had anymore which i did and asked if he could trip with me i gave him a tab while i decided to take 2 more and went back to the skate park. he started getting major anxiety rolling around so many people so we decided to go home and trip there in private. at this point i’m having an intense trip, seeing geometric patterns of flashing light, objects morphing into other objects and english words sounding very odd to speak. some bit of time later i feel like i can’t even manage to keep my eyes open so i put on music and close my eyes, seeing beams of light (almost like lasers at a concert) making objects such as christ dying and screaming in pain. after that i slept for about 16 hours, and i don’t feel the same. i feel like i don’t really belong here (here being this plane of existence) and i’m not sure why. i’m sure the acid change my perspective on things i just want to remind you guys to be safe, and i hope you guys find whatever it is you’re looking for.