I'm a pretty experienced user, never had a night like this tho. Too start off I journey to my old friends place with some good ol lsd for us. I get there and him and another friend decide not too partake and ended up smoking amphetamines. Right then I knew this night could get weird. I don't wanna mix the energies so it's around midnight I drop and walk to the beach with my music. Would of stayed there all night but was muggy and grass kinda wet and cold so after hour or so I go back. Fun walk frogs, many trees, hills super cool beach town. I get back Snoop Dogg is playing pretty cool vibes lights ect until having too talk to them came up and was so hard both me and them being on different frequencies.. this is when things get weird and hard to remember every detail. Some time passes I'm laying on the couch and start seeing golden hieroglyphics in the air then start getting some weird feeling about the evil in this world and a curse? Idk so I went to the other room layed down music was going and still seeing these ancient writings on gold.. idk if it was the music changing to metal or what but then I see flames surrounding me ,chains tie me up and hear this dark voice talk in a ancient voice couldn't make out what was said was like he was talking from a distance.. it was trying to keep me down for some type of ritual or something and was basically saying if I don't sign my soul anything could happen I could go to jail, he could go have my crazy friend go kill someone just these horrible things. But I wouldn't stay down  I got up. Noticed even my friends were having a very weird high on there amphetamines. Almost like they were possessed. I wanted to leave but had to stay watch both of them make sure my crazy friend didn't leave and get took over from the dark force lol. On his porch he's got cool candles, little pyramid and I'm laying down trying to relax next thing I know I see the flames again and under the moon started to feel like a ritual again . Ended back up inside I yelled I'll save everyone or something 😂😂 trying to stop this dark force them everything freezes like time stopped. My friends were standing still couldn't move or talk. Don't really remember what happened after that finally layed on the couch and things got calm he put together Aladdin. Idk what I experienced or what dark energy I came across but that's the best I could sum up. Much is missing in this story but still a wild ride. Pretty sure the amphetamines brought out evil and me being in a psycedelic state made me a perfect victim for him easy to infiltrate since I was at a higher wave length . Idk lol I'll never forget that night tho