I lucid dream maybe once or twice every two weeks, normally it’s just a minute or so of me being lucid, getting excited, maybe summoning like one thing then waking up- last night my lucid dream was sort of different, i remember being aware for a while but i just woke up and am having trouble remembering majority of my dream. (usually things come back to me throughout the day.) I’ve had many dreams where i’m being attacked or something since i tend to have “apocalyptic” dreams i guess you could say. last night i remember this part of my dream where i was lucid and i was really stressing out. i remember thinking to myself that i wanted to wake up but i didn’t have control over the dream yet, and getting anxious that i’d be stuck in the dream forever. I was anxious bc while i can’t remember what was actually happening, something was going on where i kept getting stabbed and stuff. I was feeding into the dream with my fear and kept thinking “everyone’s gonna kill me bc that’s what i think!” then i tried to make a scooter appear outside the window and it didn’t work. then someone walked in, and my “friend” (don’t remember who it was but i do remember it being an “ally” idk). she looks at the person walking through the door, looks at me with regret, and then slits my throat. when i tell you this felt incredibly realistic i mean it- and that’s why i’m so confused. i’ve obviously never had my throat slit before but i SWEAR i felt the real pain. it happened and i was shocked, everything got warm and fuzzy and it hurt but it was more the shock. i could feel blood spilling into my throat while i bled out and i remember thinking to myself that “now i know what it’s really like”. my vision got blurry and i don’t remember much else and definitely lost awareness that i was dreaming and/or my dream sort of reset. it reminded me of a dream i had maybe a year ago where i was in a house with some friends, then my friend told me i was pregnant, then someone said the cops came in and i had to run bc i was pregnant so i fled the scene and as i was running away got shot in the back of the neck. this too felt incredibly real and i woke up with the same confusion- how on EARTH did my brain generate that pain and reality of being shot when again, i’ve never been shot. i again remember feeling the shock, then it being all warm and fuzzy and weird. i was laying on the ground and i get the blood coming up my throat and spilling out onto the ground making a puddle around my face, and again i faded away (wouldn’t say i died bc i don’t think that’s really possible in a dream, every time something like happens where obviously there’s no surviving, u just fade away) please let me know if u guys know what i mean or know why this happens!!