Yea so I've been doubting lucid dreaming for a few weeks then just got back on it again. I've been dream journaling and reality checking, then stopping a lot. Then 2 days ago I just got back on both again. Next thing you know, I do WBTB and early this morning I have this strange dream in my house that a person who seemed to be in a rabbit costume was bugging me on my bed trying to tell me something, then he walked outside. I walked out into my living area, and I don't know what triggered it, but I suddenly plugged my nose to do a reality check and I could breathe through my nose (weird feeling btw.) I realized it was a dream, but it was like I was part conscious but not completely if you understand. Now one of my brothers walked by me and was about to go outside the door. I remembered that my main goal was to speak to my subconscious and ask him who I was. I tried talking to my brother as if he was my subconscious already, but he told me clearly twice "After this dream." And just walked out. Then I somehow started walking and looking in my house more aware than in any dream before. I was rubbing my hands and yelled out for clarity and stability. Then my brother came back suddenly and I immediately asked him the question again who was I. Then he turned into my mom somehow and she told me that I was like some sort of death-trap for myself? I don't know what that means. Then she said I was just a person in my body. And then she told me that it took more people to find it out. I completely was lost and I still don't get it at all. But afterwards my family started leaving the house and I went out the door to look outside. It was still night time but still a bit noisy. The sky looked so nice though in the dark. My dad told me to stay indoors, but I looked at the road around the neighborhood. I suddenly wanted to fly, I don't know why. But then I somehow floated off the ground and struggled to move straight. So I tried focusing and I could fly! It felt so real, and could feel the wind blowing on me. I flew around my neighborhood and I was watching people out their house. Then I out of nowhere woke up and didn't even feel excited much or anything. I was wondering if this was considered a Lucid Dream because I didn't feel entire control of my dream body as I was now. Almost like I was lucid dreaming in a dream, but it felt more hyper vivid and a bit more realistic.