I have no prior experience of lucid dreaming nor have I never had a lucid dream before. I have only tried some reality checking methods but never succeeded. During quarantine I found myself a bit of free time so I allocated it to programming late at night. When I was done I decided to check reddit a bit than go to sleep. I watched a youtube video than I decided to "rest my eyes". I don't remember my first dream because it wasn't lucid. My second dream was quite weird. I was in a different house than before, my room, my desk and my bed was different. There were weird people who had some scary looking deformations in our house. When I walked in my room I saw a giant decorated plate(something like the plates  in the witcher 3 game)moving because it was stuck in a spider cobweb and there were giant spiders on it. I grabbed my dog than I forced myself to open my eyes. I was awake again. My last dream was the weirdest of all of them. I woke up at my own bed the time seemed to be right in my watch, house and my room were the same. I looked outside from the window and saw my neighbour getting raided by swat troops. He was a myth in our neighbourhood as he had a giant hidden room undrrgrounds which he stored his gardebing gear, we always thought he was doing something illegal in it. I couldn't see my neighbours garden from my window in real life so that was what gave it away. I got suspicious but the dream was insanely real. I could feel the cold on my feet, breath the air and hear the birds. I even remembering saying to myself that the dream was acctually real. With a panic of the whole swat crackdown thing I went to find my parents. I was not in charge of everything in this dream but I had full control over myself. I went downstairs and exited out of the front door. It was suddenly snowing snd I was not at my front yard. I was at a shared park with a lot of people in it. I only knew one of them which was a strong childhood friend. She frightfully smiled and waved her hand at me. It was like she was very happy but had no emotion at the same time. When I looked back I saw a huge residental building in the place of our house. It couldn't physically be possible. I got frightened because it felt terribly real. I tried to force open my eyes and dreamed of my real life body just laying in my bed. I woke up my eyes still closed. Then a very stiff and mysterious thing happened it was like two seperatr electric waves started at a little under my ears went all the way up to my forehead and blew up and It was in real life. Has anyone experienced anything like this? Please help im utterly curious.