My sister 17y/o has been diagnosed of SLE . She had swollen arms and it pained periodically almost every week. But we neglected thinking that this could be because of excessive writing. But then she got these big red spots filled with blood all over her body. We took her to the hospital. There they asked for a blood test and we found that her platelets count had drastically dropped to 2000. She was admitted in emergency and  they gave her two injections to increase the platelet count and said this could be chickenpox. Her platelet count increased in about 5 days and then she was discharged. Just after 3 days just for our satisfaction we took her blood test again. We found that they had dropped to 30k and they again dropped to 2k till the time we reached hospital. This time we took her to a haematologist she again gave her two injections to increase platelet count and plasma. There she did some tests and told us that this is ITP(Idiopathic Thrombocytopenia Purpura). She was discharged after 7 days of observation and we brought her back. The doctor prescribed her medicines from which I remember one name that goes by Omnacortil (a steroid). Now I was scared about what would happen to her. In my zest to satisfy myself I met all the doctors possible on this field. I met the most celebrated doctor (hematologist) in our area. He then did some more tests on her. After that he said she has SLE. I didn't really understood what it was at first but as he explained I was devastated. It took me 6 months of hardwork and talking with doctors to get what has really happened to her. I lost my father 6 years ago. The only thing I live for is my sister. I don't feel the need to live unless I think about my sister and my mother. I do everything I can to see my sister smile. But this this broke me down. The doctor prescribed her medicines (Omnacortil again) and then in panic mode I kept meeting doctors (Rheumatologists) they all said the same thing. I am really worried. Looking at her I feel powerless. She wanted to become a doctor and now after 7 months of pain and suffering she lost the opportunity to become one.  All I want is for her to be happy and keep smiling. I don't have any other goal/dream in my life. But seeing the only dream slipping away is killing me. Please help. Doctors say she can live a normal life but she's definitely in pain. She sometimes can't walk properly implying her legs have swollen up. Sometimes her stomach starts to hurt. Sometimes her hands swell up. I want to know what will happen to her. You guys being someone who has gone through all this can help me. That's why I am posting here. Also the advent of Coronavirus is yet another story. I've kept her as secure as possible from the outside world. But I am worried about her future, her happiness. My life. As that was all my father wanted. Thank you for giving me your precious time and reading this.