Hi, I’m 28 years old. Female. Grew up in a working class family. Dad was maintenance man and mom was a house a cleaner. All I wanted out of life was to have a comfortable, maybe middle class life. I never wanted to be rich and famous. I just wanted to have a successful career and be able to take a vacation once a year or once every other year. Not feel suffocated by finances. I worked full-time and went to school full-time, broke my balls for four years straight in college. I commuted to college as well. My dad became addicted to painkillers during this time. My mom enabled him. We were losing our house, electricity turned off, my dad sold my junky (but running) car out from under me. That was only means on transportation. I also have anxiety, depression, and OCD. Didn’t have the money to see psych. Despite all of this, I excelled... graduated Summa Cum Laude with many internships under my belt. Ran fucking ragged and felt like hell but did it. Then came the stress of finding a well-paying full-time job. I was TERRIFIED of not finding a job in my field and defaulting on student loans. So the stress continued until I was hired about 3 or 4 months out of college. Then the Lyme Disease symptoms struck me down. Long story short, I went three years before getting diagnosed. I continue to work full-time, dizzy, foggy, sore, scared every day of my life. Then I got diagnosed and was taking 21 different pills EVERY DAY for 2 fucking years. They were a mix between antibiotics, probiotics, vitamins, all kinds of shit. Went through multiple severe Herxeimer reactions that included paranoia. Still went to work full-time through all of that, having to teach four-hour-long classes on my feet twice a week!!!!! Often feeling like I would faint week after week, year and after year. Felt like I was getting better and then got off the antibiotics after two years and it floored me. Now I’m doing expensive as shit vitamin IV treatments and it’s only helping so much. I remained crazy positive through all of this and believed I would make it. Now I’m six years in and I’m drained. This has destroyed my life. My 20s are almost gone. I have a million personal problems. Now we have Coronavirus to worry about. If I wasn’t afraid of death I’d wish to be dead. Instead I’m trapped in this hell. Family and friend really don’t understand. My significant other is abusive to me about it every day. I’m tired of trying to hold everything together. I’m sorry, this post is erratic and probably loaded with spelling and grammatical errors. I’m not a person who gets defeated and tells everyone their problems. But today I’m at a breaking point and I don’t know what to do. I just want to be healthy again...