"Floating" is just absolutely aesthetic.  When it was first announced that there were two bonus tracks, and one was called "Floating," I knew it had to be bewitching and a perfect way to end Mac's official discography.  Its encapsulating sounds give me vibes from two songs..."Traffic in the Sky" and "So it Goes."  It has horns and the slow, dreamy effect of "Traffic in the Sky" which pulls in the aspects of his earlier career before *Blue Slide Park*.  Further, the technical sounds and mood in "Floating" remind me of "So it Goes."  If you listen closely, the end of "Floating" has a similar sense the end of "So it Goes" has.  I believe these sounds pull in the latter part of his career, like *Swimming* as well as some of the psychedelic projects he's put out.  So in all, "Floating" can pull from and represent his whole career and beyond that.  All the lyrics from the song undoubtedly represent heaven.  The first line of "Floating" is, "Yeah, there's a room somewhere up above the trees...and once you get there you don't ever wanna leave, no, no, no."  This line sets the stage for the rest of the lyrics that perfectly describe what many people believe heaven is to be like.  The female voices, in my opinion, can represent angels and cherubs such as the one on the cover of *Watching Movies with the Sound Off*.  As my friend u/cam_fras mentioned, this song can represent Mac's ascension into heaven.  I believe this could almost be a reference to GO:OD AM and into the delightful colors of heaven shown on the cover of *The Divine Feminine.*  I do not believe that Mac truly wanted to die, despite many of his lyrics from previous works.  He was broken inside and put that pain into the beautiful music he gave/left for us, but when I listen to both "Right" and "Floating" I can hear and feel his emotions.  Both songs are angelic and peaceful.  On *Circles*, I personally think the abrupt end of "Once a Day" signifies the exact moment when he passed away because, immediately after, there are two beautiful epilogue songs that let us know Mac is at peace in heaven doing what he loves.