The general consensus amongst all MM players is that, without a doubt, Overdrive was the worst thing that could’ve possibly been realised as a game. However, if there is one thing that game did really well, it was the VS promo and not only did they do a great job with it once, they did it twice in one game. But my love for this promo as being one of the best from last year, IMO, has been completely ruined by this new release. While yes, the promo stamina has gone, the stupid sets in which you have to add so much stuff into different sets and congregate it all together in one is both mind numbingly boring and still here. It means set prices that are 95 rated go for more than double some 99 rated cards, leaving more of a money lust than to put the player you’ve just  spent time into getting into the set that he belongs to. I guess I wouldn’t mind if this was the first promo to use this technique, but no. This the the 4TH consecutive promo to use this stupid system, and while I understand that the world is falling apart right now, I feel it would be far easier to simply take that shit out of the game and make it more like it used to be, grind for badges/players or whatever you fancy and add it into the player you want straight up, not going back and forth into different sets. If I want two things from this game gone in the next game, it’s this stupid set system, instead reverting to a system from previous years, I don’t care which it is, except overdrive), and the stupid progression bar. Yes it is a great idea for those grinding, but it removes all creative difference for the different promos, as the majority of set prices are from whatever over Arching theme is out at that point. Gone are the days when you would get an entire different set of players(all ratings not just masters) for each promo, instead replaced by one set for an entire month. I would love opening up MM16,17,18 and seeing that we got a new set of 80+ overalls for that promo even if nobody really wanted them, they had unique designs every-time and it separated the promos well. Now i open the game and see a new promo, but then remember that what ever I do, I will always end up looking at a fucking 84 overall tryod Taylor. It also doesn’t help that the over arching theme has its own set of high rated players and masters. Please stop putting effort into this shit and give us some different promos with their own cards everytime or please for the love of god use the time they use on the Progression bar shit and give us back Tournaments, not like the draft one( even though it was good), but like the Madden 18 ones