Here I sit in a bathrobe, netflix running on my tv, my bong besides me with the cheapest weed I could afford at a dispensary trying to figure out a plan, something, anything. I don't think it's necessary to tell you all my life story up to this point. I want to, I could try but somehow I feel it wouldn't really help my situation. And is that what I even truly want? Help? Maybe? I've been asking myself this same question every day for as long as I can remember in my 32 years of existence so far. What the hell do I really want? Out of life? Out of all of...this? My mother introduced me to the teaching of  Paramahansa Yogananda  as a child and one of the lessons I drew from these teachings was freeing yourself of desire for earthly things in order to achieve enlightenment. I always thought this was ultimate goal of humanity as a kid so I tried meditation, thinking heavily on life and it's meanings and trying to learn what I could. Then at 15 when my mother suddenly died and my world suddenly became a swirling toilet of things going in and disappearing forever. I tried filling this void with drugs, sex, food, the very earthly pleasures I had been taught to free myself from. For the next 17 years Depression became my one true friend, a one size fits all jacket I never took off. Recently, extremely talented therapist helped me resolve some more complicated issues I had been dealing with, which helped for a while, but as our sessions ended prematurely(He went into private practice my insurance could no longer cover him), I was once again left with this void in me I can't seem to fill. I have a single best friend I live with-though at this point I feel she merely tolerates me more than anything.  I try to do what I can to be as least of a burden on her as possible (Though I know I mess up quite a bit) and enough saved up unemployment plus food stamps keeps me going without bare necessities. Every time I have tried coming up with a "plan" to get my life going in the past 14 years, it fails spectacularly and I somehow end up back here in this same spot, netflix, weed, alone trying to figure out what the hell I am doing.