In Goodfellas, who was Jimmy wanting dead in Florida? Jimmy refers to the person that Henry was supposed to whack as “the kid from the city that got pinched and is ratting on everybody”. Here’s my theory. Let’s go back to the scene at the bamboo lounge where Henry is introducing everybody. The only real gangster mentioned is “Mikey Franzese”. Now if you have ever listened to a Michael Franzesie interview, you would know that Mike says he didn’t likE Henry. Not to mention that Michael is a made member of the Columbo family and Henry is just an associate of the Luchese family. So why did Henry mention Michael and why is he the only guy whose name was not changed. Now fast forward, in the famous “funny guy” scene the actor playing Franzese is sitting right next to Tommy. He has no role here other than a bystander enjoying a good story. Fast forward a little more to the first scene that spider is in. You know the one where Tommy tells him to dance and ends up shooting him on the foot. Hidden behind the silhouette of a man from time to time you are able to see Franzese’ character at the table. Why would Franzese attend a poker game as the only none Luchese family member or associate and why be there with people he really didn’t like? I strongly believe that Henry Hill and Michael Franzese were more involved than either one of the let on. Doing some independent research I have yet to come up with any arrest dates for Franzese prior to 1984 when he was arrested for the gas scheme. I’ve found mentions of arrests but no confirmed dates. ONCE AGAIN THIS IS MY THEORY AND COMPLETE SPECULATION!!!! I believe Henry Hill and Michael Franzese had significant business ties and were ultimately friends. Henry gives him and him alone name recognition in Goodfellas plus they throw his character in scenes that his real life persona should not be in. I believe the guy that Jimmy was sending Henry to Florida to kill was Michael Franzese. Franzese had just bought a house and several businesses in Florida at that time. It was also later revealed that Franzese flipped to become a govt witness but never really said when. I believe that Jimmy found out that Michael  got pinched and flipped and since Michael and Henry were close , Jimmy thought that Henry had told Michael about Lufthansa and sent Henry down to Florida to kill Mike (it’s always your best friend that whacks ya and in my theory Henry is Michaels best friend) and then Henry would be lulled by the guy who went to Florida with him. To provide a little more insight Franzese says that him and Henry were locked up at the same time and shared a passing glance on the courtyard while Henry had a hit out on him. Franzese says that he revived a phone call from a boss asking him why he didn’t do anything about Henry and Franzese lies and said he never saw him. But I found an article on cosanostranews.com that claims that Franzese went to the guards after he saw Henry and informed them of the hit and Henry was moved shortly thereafter. Once again This is my theory and complete speculation