You can have all of the physical freedom, yet you can feel trapped in your own impenetrable skull. Have you ever felt chained by your own emotions? Have you ever wanted to scream in agony but you gave up quickly because your lungs felt like frozen and no voice came out of your throat? Have you ever longed for a possible escape from a toxic situation or person but all your efforts were in vain? Pain is inevitable, right? When we are born ,our moms have to go through a long difficult labor to offer us the possibility of a new start on this earth and it seems like we don't even want to leave the comfort of her warm and protective womb, because we have a feeling that pain is awaiting us on the outside , like a thirsty predator that lurks for in the shadows, waiting to inject it's venom in the soft body of some weak creature, paralyzing it and taking it over. And when we take our first breath , we start crying, again just as if our subconscious knew that a deadly presence is watching is. As we grow up, we finally meet with the predator , we lose people that we love, we become ill, we are friendzoned, we fail in exams and at our workplace. Sometimes the pain is holding us so tight that we can barely move and our soul starts bleeding tears. Yet, we resist. Because we aren't some innocent deer that crush under the massive body of a flesh eating beast, but we are warriors. We've been warriors from the very beginning. And the pain only makes us stronger. If it takes a lifetime to get out of the maze of darkness and terror, we will take the risk. Because we are better than expected. We show the pain what we are made of. All the shadows that seemed unbreakable and bulletproof, they are now gone. Vanished like dark clouds after a storm. Hell yes! Shadows aren't bulletproof! Because you might not get a gun that can pierce them in any store, but you have a magical gun within yourself. To be honest, YOU ARE THE GUN. Because you were the one who could come so far despite the unfriendly weather in your chest and all the demons haunting in your eyes. You, dear friend, you were the one who did it with no help from the outside world. You are the god that could control the fury of the ocean and the rage of the sky. Yes ,you! I'm so proud of you. You are the best. And you're so amazing. Thank you for being my inspiration! Thank you for being everyone's inspiration! Thank you for giving us hope that shadows aren't bulletproof. You are a living proof that nothing is impossible to achieve. Thank you for being so great! Thank you for being my lighthouse. With you, others who are lost started believing again and now they keep fighting for what they deserve. Impossible is just an opinion and you chose to believe that it's not true! You can do whatever you want, you are the one who burned hell forever! Thank you for fighting! I will keep fighting just like you. And I will never give up. Again, thank you! 🙏😭