I have a lot of eyeshadow palettes... after doing a quick look through my palette drawer, I counted 30. T H I R T Y. So, this past week, I was looking through my collection and found 4 palettes that I barely ever touched. For those curious, those 4 were the Lorac Mega Pro 4, MUR Iconic Pro 2, ABH prism, and a random little 5 pan pacifica palette from Ipsy (this one was actually a gift from a friend, I do not subscribe to boxes like Ipsy. So much clutter!). I felt guilty having products I thought I would get a lot of use out of just collecting dust among my other well-loved palettes. So, I spent a long time depotting the shades I knew I’d use into my z-palette. What shocked me was just the sheer amount of shades I have that are almost exact dupes of each other. For instance, Saturn from ABH prism is the almost exactly the same rusty brown as realgar from Modern Renaissance. It’s also very similar to the rusty brown in the Lime Crime Venus 2 palette that I’ve had for a couple years, and from the 5 pan Pacifica palette, and from almost every warm toned palette in my collection, for that matter. I feel better by having only the shades I use and enjoy from those palettes and chucking the rest, but I feel so guilty for buying the same colors over and over thinking they’d get constant use and it would be a worthwhile purchase. How did I not realize I was buying the same shit over and over?? This whole experience has made me rethink my spending habits... I realized that I definitely fall for the hype around new releases and feel pressured to buy them before they sell out. That’s how I acquired the Lorac and ABH palettes. I also fall head over heels for sales at TJ Maxx, buying things I normally wouldn’t but because tHeY’rE On $aLe it’s different. Wasting some product like I did is never an ideal situation, but it helped me come to terms with my overconsumption and that I need to go through a big chunk of my collection before I think about buying any more eyeshadow! Here’s hoping I won’t have to waste anymore makeup because of past impulse purchases!