Dammm cant believe ive not seen this show before but I watched it and My theory of it... Bobby committed the sexual assault and tried to kill her and that was done on the ST lands where I believe he caught bobby in the act when he was heading out hunting. Shocked and in disbelief that bobby would do this. He then in a bid to help, panicked and offered to get rid of the body. These two live in the same house they also have a great bond together so ST as the father figure tried to help his son get rid of the body. But I believe halbach wasnt dead just yet and while attempting to move her body they realised that she wasnt really dead yet but both new that such a crime she had to be dead and so ST proceeded to shoot her with the .22 bullet from the rifle he already had with him as he was going to hunt. Both being hunters and ST being the experienced one decides to dismember body parts and both help got rid of the body separately at different locations but I reckon dumbass bobby kept a piece for his own sexual pleasure and then burn it in his own Burning can outside his own property and jot thinking about it. And all this was done without the involvement of police. But when the car got discovered by police for the first time near ST property they used that as a way to get out of a law suit against Steven who was suing for £36 million. So it didnt matter who did the crime as long as Steven goes down for it. But after the police gathered evidence on bobby and ST they knew they did it. They cut a deal with them that if they help and go along with this they will walk away free. Everything after this was just a big orchestreted show just to make Steven sit back in jail and for life this time. Which they did. And quite frankly I dont think the state will grant freedom to Steven nor Brendan because they know by doing so it will just end up in an even more complicated expensive political lawsuit that they know they will have to compensate for. That will probably change the court system and how its already structured for their benefit obviously. Such a fucked up story. #FreeSteven #FreeBrendan