I have always, since I was very young, created these elaborate fantasies in my head and they were always so fun. I still do it until this very day. I create this ideal self inside of my head where I am usually smarter, funnier, popular, and overall a model person that everyone wants to be. In my reality I am very dissatisfied with life which is why I think I do it so much. I can lapse into a daydream very easily, usually in response to reading books, watching videos or movies, and listening to music. I can get lost for long periods of time. Quite frankly my internal fantasies are far more interesting and I wish these fantasies were my reality, but I think I have come to realize that I am nothing like the person I have painted in my head and that hurts. Sometimes coming out of these daydreams are painful because then I am faced with how my life really is and I hate it, so I daydream some more to make the pain go away. It’s like the only way I can feel like an adequate person that I am proud of only lives in my head. I loved summers, especially before I could drive, and my parents would leave for work and I would spend the whole day daydreaming about anything that I wanted to. Most of the time I prefer my daydreams to experiencing actual things and socializing with people because I could do it all in my head. So I would find any excuse to avoid hanging out with people to continue these dreams. These daydreams are different from normal daydreams because I experience genuine emotions that are very strong, stronger than the ones I feel in real life. I get happy, sad, I laugh (hard), and cry. Not all my fantasies are happy ones...sometimes they can be quite disturbing but I like those daydreams just as much as the happy ones because I like feeling the intensity of the emotions. I sometimes talk/mumble in them, make facial expressions, and sometimes act things out. I have to be hyper aware when I do this in public so I don’t come off as insane (sometimes I slip up lol). My sophomore year of college I lost a lot of my friends and I remember sitting in my room all alone all year and sometimes not really talking to anyone for days so I would daydream to get the excitement and socialization I was lacking in my real life. I know now that it's a problem because I’m in my 4th year of college and I have 0 friends, a family that doesn’t quite understand my “oddness”, no hobbies, and no romantic relationship experience. So now the ONLY time I feel happiness is when I am daydreaming. I’m moderately irritated when real world obligations get in the way of me daydreaming. I have tried to actually be more of a real world participant but for some reason real world things don’t give me much excitement (socializing, concerts, clubs, parties, eating out) when I do “fun” things in real life I’m...underwhelmed. I’ve had some people point out how weird it was that I spend a lot of time alone and kinda don’t like doing fun things and to them they think I’m boring but to me doing things in real life seems pointless if I know I’m not going to enjoy them. I can do the same thing in my head and actually have fun. In the real world socializing causes me a lot of anxiety (even though I’m not bad at it) maybe because I fear rejection from those around me. I’m kinda shy, I don't like confrontation, interacting with boys causes me extreme anxiety, and I try to avoid anything that may cause embarrassment which is a recipe for loneliness and many missed opportunities. The person in my head doesn’t have any of these bad qualities and she has tons of friends that are supportive, funny, and I feel comfortable around them. I even have a boyfriend in my head that is the most amazing person. I live in a beautiful apartment in the most gorgeous cities. I'm usually working in a well respected career and I’m one of the best at it. I have lots of hobbies too. I longboard really well, I make music, interior decorate, working out and cooking. I live a 2nd life and I would rather die than let this version of my life go. Me getting this way is definitely due to me being constantly depressed, anxious, and a perfectionist. I am also a very avoidant person when it comes to people because of my fear of letting people down, not being cool enough, or being rejected so I push a lot of people away without realizing I do it. I crave intimate relationships but don’t know how to make them. So whatever friendships I do make (temporarily) are very surface level and exhausting because I have to pretend to be bubbly, outgoing, and funny but in my head I just want to go home and not try at this because it feels kinda pointless. In my actual life I only do what I am obligated to do and nothing beyond that. I have really no will to live in the real world. I had to delete my instagram because watching my peers live the life I have only imagined makes me jealous and sad. They seem to live life so effortlessly and I struggle to brush my teeth in the morning. It’s definitely become a coping mechanism to get the fulfillment I am not actually getting. Because of this I have missed experiences like the first kiss, creating friendships of a lifetime, enjoying my college years, and experiencing things that help you mature. I could confidently say I am lacking maturity (not to say necessarily that I am immature or irresponsible) but I am not mature on a social level and experience kind of way. When I do talk to people my age I can’t relate to what they talk about or have nothing to contribute to the conversation because I have never experienced it. I feel behind so that furthers my social isolation because I hate feeling left behind so I rather not expose myself to that feeling. Another thing is I may (or may not) have a weed addiction because marijuana tends to enhance my daydreams and make them more vivid and intense so going home so I can smoke alone is my favorite thing to do. I also feel so relaxed and content (almost satisfied) when I do smoke. There is part of me that has accepted this life and sometimes I have no desire to make it better because it would cause me anxiety to get out of my comfort zone to make the necessary changes. Since I can experience so many things in my head I have come to a point where at 22 I’m ready to die because I feel as though I’ve done/seen it all (even though I haven’t done ANYTHING). I feel like I’m just waiting to die at this point. I thought my daydreaming sessions were something I only did, so I have never told anybody because let’s admit it...it’s kinda odd. I decided to google it one day and turns out maladaptive daydreaming is a real thing some people do. I guess I’m not the only one living it up in my fantasy world. Dream on! (definitely need a therapist broooo)