I always had a lack of sleep ever since I was little. I don’t know the reason but I can tell you that I replaced sleeping with day dreaming. I don’t remember the first time but it definitely was when I had my first crush. Ever since then I would Day dream a world that I created. It was like I had a second life I lived in at night (they were about a family I had in the future). This went on for years and I never thought anything bad of it. Then in 2018 I remember going to the supermarket with my sisters. This wouldn’t be the first time I had a maladaptive daydream outside, but it was about my friend and I and some story I created in my head. That’s when I almost crossed the street with a green light and I woke up to reality with one one of my sisters grabbing my arm and asking if I’m blind. I laughed it off of course but then realized that this Daydreaming stuff is becoming a problem. Obviously the day dreaming did not stop. Summer break was over and I had school. In the beginning of the year everything was fine. And day dreaming wasn’t much of a problem to me anymore especially since I can control it. I still tend to do it but it didn’t affect me as much. Fast forward to the beginning of this year. I had to start waking from school to home and that’s a 40 minute walk all alone. I was kinda scared that I would start day dreaming and something would happen to me. It was a good thing I had a few people I walked with sometimes and when I didn’t I just listened to music to distract me. I also accidentally found a post about Maladaptive day Dreaming and that is when I started my research about it. I thought I was alone in this and I find it crazy that there’s other like me out there. In February I had a huge fight with my mom (verbally) later on I was diagnosed with depression and sleep disorder. Through therapy sessions I found out my mom has been emotionally abusing me all these years. I already knew this and how my mom is toxic but all this just told me the reasoning to the Maladaptive day dreaming. When I was five my parents got divorced and I believe that was the cause as well. I went to the doctor on May 5th and I was going to bring up the Maladaptive day dreaming up but then I just got quiet especially with my mom being there. I just felt like I shouldn’t speak about it all. Same goes for my therapy session. And now just a few days ago I spent 9+ hours willingly day dreaming and I have no reason to why I did that. I’m scared that this will become more of a problem but I’m scared of reaching out for help because I think it’s not big deal.