Okay so I'm going to get super personal here. I've talked to some people on here because I have high sex binding hormone, which is eating up all my testosterone. Causing tiredness and fatigue 24/7, mild Ed, low sex drive Etc. With my ex-wife, when I met her she was on estrogen. After she stopped taking estrogen, I lost attraction for her. Sexual attraction comes from pheromones. So I believe once you stop taking estrogen it lowered her pheromones. I still would have sex with her, but the desire wasn't there. Fast forward to now, and my current wife doesn't get wet during sex. My new wife is very inexperienced sexually. Never had an orgasm, never masturbated xcetera. So I don't expect her to have an orgasm with intercourse just yet. The issue is her not getting wet. I can make her orgasm with oral, every time. I know she's not Faking It, because when she has an orgasm she grabs onto me and holds me in a bear hug until the orgasm subsides. Also it gets to the point where me touching her clitoris she can't take it anymore. It's too sensitive and she crosses her legs so I stopped. This is a sure sign of orgasm. Still after having a good orgasm she's not wet. I understand this could be a hormone problem on her end, but I'm suspecting my low testosterone, is affecting my pheromones, and possibly why her body doesn't go into full arousal including getting a wet. Obviously the oral feels good and so does the orgasm, but if I don't have enough pheromones her body may not be reacting by producing lubrication. I've had some discussion with a couple people here that's helped me go in the right direction. My binding hormone is eating up all my free testosterone. I'm on Clomid, and I just reduced the dose to 12.5 mg. Someone suggested enclomiphene. Problem with that is getting it. There's only one place I found in the country and it's in Florida. At the moment it's cost-prohibitive. They want me to redo blood Labs that I just had done by the other doctor. My primary care would gladly prescribe it, but it's technically in the trial phase since 1983. I'm not sure how that clinic in Florida is able to prescribe it. I don't live in Florida so it would be a televisit. Some guys have done better with enclomiphene then Clomid. Since it's not an option I'm going to try HCG. I'm praying this will increase my testosterone but not raise my sex binding hormone. My appointment is on the 12th pray for me. Anybody else believe that they're having a traction issues or wetness issues due to their low hormones? Also my wife doesn't initiate sex. She never turns me down and is always willing, but she doesn't initiate. This could be due to hormones, or her just being very conservative. She was raised in the country where you save yourself for your husband. She was taught to act meek, and ladylike. Don't get me wrong she's no prude. She's willing to do oral, which I actually had a Google so I could explain it to her believe it or not. LOL. So there's many factors here that can be affecting her wetness. I'd love to know if anybody else has gone through anything similar. I didn't use a throwaway cuz I don't know anybody here anyways. LOL