 Just happened recently. My car had broken down 2 weeks ago and I was looking for lease deals in my area. My wife's cousin, Steven, was also looking for a new car a month ago as well. My In-laws offered to sell Steven(their nephew) their Jeep for 13K. (What they still owed) despite its Kelly Blue Book value of around 24K. He ended up buying a different vehicle however. So Anyways, my car breaks down and as I am looking, my wife's parents mention that they would sell me the Jeep for What they still owed on it. Same price, 13K. I know the vehicle and also know its worth. Definitely appealing to me considering the low miles. I happily agree to buy it for 13K. Well, 3 days go by and in the meantime I have asked my wife to have her parents come meet me to arrange the purchase. All of a sudden now they want me to make an offer (as if we didnt already agree to 13k) so, i offer again 13K. Her dad tells me that it is worth 25K and that he is going to lose money on the deal. Not to sound like a dick, but they own 5 businesses, including an Accounting Company and make 7 figures blah blah blah. They have money. But, a deal was a deal. So none the less, we cannot come to an agreement. So i back out of the deal. I only have 6k for a car, and the rest i would get a loan for if i bought a car anyways. I make 28k a year and work 40 hours a week. So i knew that Jeep was the best deal id ever find considering all things. Long story short, I went to Steven a few days later and ask him to make a deal with my wife's parents. I asked him to talk to them about him buying their Jeep off of them for the 13K that they had offered him about a month before this whole situation. So the next day, I got a call and he says that they agreed to the offer of 13K. So as you can imagine, they did not know that they were going to sell him a car, only to sell it to me. I pulled the 6,000 out of the bank, and got approved for a loan to cover the rest, and was given a check the morning after. Steven and my in-laws met up at the dealership, and he took the check and the cash and paid off the Jeep and then they signed the title over to him. As they were sitting there, he called me and asked me to meet up with him. I'm sure they were curious as to why he immediately called me, but he did not say anything to them. So that same day he and myself made the $1 deal to sign the title over, And our scheme if you call it was complete. I now have the Jeep at the offer I was originally given before they decided to get greedy and they are still not sure how I managed to pull it off.