I have plenty of experience with narcs in my life (father, two partners, a "bestie") and I managed to become really good at spotting them and removing them from my reality real quick. I was in control recently, allowing only the right people into my life. However, the pandemy forced me to quit my job abroad and go back to my home country. I was in touch with a boss of a company whose product I was successfully selling abroad 2 years ago. When he learned about me being jobless he instantly offered me a position at his company. I am not qualified for the position,  but it is something,  that I always wanted to do. I am very ambitious and hard working,  so I figured he noticed it and therefore invited me. I am the only woman at the company, I usually receive a lot of attention from men and it is no different this time. I don't like it,  I wish I was only appreciated for my achievements, but this is my reality and it's hard to fight with it. First two months were great, my boss made extra efforts to teach me stuff that I don't know,  was friendly,  sometimes maybe too much,  but as I said I am so used to men behaving this way,  that I felt it was no different from what I usually encounter. My boss liked to provoke me to "arguments" though. We have quite differing political views and he would constantly poke me about it,  forcing me to defend myself.  He would claim that in his company there is freedom of speech and that's why he likes to confront people openly,  but I noticed each time we would have a heated discussion,  where I would disagree, he would turn cold the next day. He is a conservative married man with many children,  who believes every woman should give birth at some point in her life.  And a lot of our discussions would end up with him convincing me that this is what I should do (I expressed that I don't want to have children). Recently I told him I don't want to listen about how I should live my life(said it very politely and lightly). He seemed fine,  but grew very cold the next day and started ignoring me completely.  He knows I am really dependend on his guidance (I  expressed many times how thankful I was for a chance to learn from him). Its been so long that he is distant and ignoring,  that I finally asked if he is angry with me. Of course he said no (with slight irritation) and kept on being a cold slab.  This made me realise I know for sure that he is gaslighting me and is a narc. Now,  if this was my partner,  my friend,  a coworker,  I would either immediately go no contact or grey rock. I know better,  I know that they do not change and how crooked are their ways.  But this is my dream job,  and a chance I asked the universe for. I don't know what to do,  I need some advice.  Quitting is really the last resort,  I am ready to swallow my dignity, but question is can I win his attention back to at least continue for a few more months and get what I want and need from this job? I see it as an important jumpstart to something I always wanted to do,  but I know the price I could pay for staying may be high.  Plus staying makes sense only if he couches me like he did before.  I am heartbroken that life always does me this dirty. Any thoughts?