My husband and I have been married for 7 years. We meet when we were both Active duty in the Army. I got out of the service a year before him we got married in that year and did the long distance thing until he got out. I lived in TX and we decided we would stay here. We rented a house here and I thought everything would be good. The issue was I was diagnosed with PCOS and gained about 90lbs in that year. When he finally got out of the army and we started living together again everything was different, he was mean and annoyed with me. He didn’t show me any affection and at one point in a marriage counseling therapy told me he wasn’t attracted to me anymore because I had changed. I assumed it was my weight gain. At the time he was in college and I was in college also. He hated the house we lived in so, I in an attempt to make him happy agreed to move somewhere else. We moved and nothing changed, I was naive and thought if I did enough he would be happy again. Overtime this just became the new normal, after 4 year things settled. He never wanted to divorce me and always said he loved me. I often would find porn on his phone of computer. It hurt me I would tell him and he’s be sorry and then things would go back to normal until the next time. Sex was there but not frequent maybe 1-2 times a month. Now 7 years later I just feel like I’ve accomplished nothing. We don’t spend time together and we argue about every little thing. We finally sat down and he says he loves me but he just isn’t attracted to me. He says I’m boring and no fun. Mind you I had a child before we got married she’s 9 now and we had a daughter a year ago and I’m a stay at home mom. I have nowhere to go but I also love him. I don’t want to get divorced but I don’t want this to be my life. He is indifferent to me, he doesn’t care if I’m home or not he doesn’t care about anything i do. If intro to do fun stuff he’s never down. If I suggest us going on a get away he doesn’t want to. If I initiate sex he’s isn’t in the mood or if he is it’s only to get him off, I do all the work and it’s just become a chore now. I’m still in school because life happened and I let him put his education before mine so he was able to graduate but now I have nothing. Idk what to do. I love him, I want to be with him but I want him to want me. I want him to show me affection. I’ve tried loosing weight and at one point I lost about 30lbs but it didn’t matter. We’ve had heart to heart conversation and it just feels like at this point he’s  not interested in reigniting the passion in our marriage.