I’ve been married for four years and we have had ups and downs and I already know I can be hard to live with sometimes. I forget some conversations that we have so when it comes up again it’s as if I don’t know what was talked about or at least it is very hazy. I’ve started having some serious issues with my wife though. We both work and on our days off we agreed to try and get chores done on our days off. I’m not perfect about it but when she asks me to do a task it is usually done the same day. Like I said though sometimes I forget and they don’t get done. At first when I got got these small things it was no big deal but she has been holding onto them without me knowing. So now when I forget something she gets extremely upset and brings up all of the times I forget to do something. That being said I ask her to get one chore done in her two-three days off and she does not do them... I’ve been asking her to do the same chore for 8 weeks now and it still has not been completed. I try not to get super upset at her for it because I understand forgetting it sleeping in or other excuses but when I make a similar mistake she blows up at me. Then I try and bring up she has not competed her task either (angrily I’m not calm at this point) and she accuses me of only bringing it up to be defensive of me not doing what I’m told. This happens with quite a lot of things and I’m starting to feel like she is just being Hypocritical about everything  she does. It’s not just the chores. I’m so tired of doing everything myself and when I try and point these things out she either gets really mad at me or says she is sorry but does it again the next day. On top of all of this she felt as though I hung out with my friends way to much (about two times a week maybe three) I agree three times a week is a lot so I agreed to reducing it and asked her how much she thought I should hang out and she said once a month. That made me extremely upset because I recently got out of the military and have not seen my friends in years. Eventually after fighting tooth and nail we compromised for once a week but due to planning with the wife that ends up being more like once every two weeks. I try being a sweet husband and I don’t know what to do. I feel like I’m being drained of my life and I still really love her. I feel like I can never be right in her eyes. What should I do? Am I in the wrong? I can give more details if anyone wants them... I don’t want a divorce but I feel like I’m going to go crazy. Please help.