So my husband and I have been married for almost 2 years. We have a son that is due in June. We have been through a lot together and stuck by each other through a lot of hard times in the short time we’ve been together. I am very much in love with him and I really don’t doubt that he is just as much in love with me. At least I like to believe he is and he says he is. However, the past few months we’ve been having a lot of problems with physical and emotional intimacy and other things. He’s not very affectionate, he doesn’t really listen when I talk to him, he doesn’t really look at me the way he used to, he pays more attention to his xbox than he does to me and 9 times out of 10 when I try to initiate sex I get rejected. Yes it bothers me that I get rejected but I know his sex drive is lower than mine and he’s not in the mood as often as I am so I let it go. But I feel like since he doesn’t really want sex he could at least maybe be more affectionate? More hugs, cuddling, more kisses... stuff like that. I sometimes feel really taken for granted and neglected. I do everything I can for him even when I’m 7 months pregnant and my back hurts so much I can barely walk some days and I’m always exhausted and not feeling well because I’m anemic. I do everything in the house on my own because when I ask for help he just doesn’t do it. He’s more concerned about his xbox. All this makes me think of the problems we had when we were dating at one point. He was very wishy washy for a long time and jerked me back and forth. We separated for awhile and when we got back in contact I could tell that he really saw how he had messed up. I don’t hold what he did over his head. I never bring it up. And I feel like I can’t complain because he does respect my wishes when it comes to certain things. We both don’t like it when the other person checks out other people. Whether or not he actually doesn’t do it I don’t know. I’ve never caught him doing it and he says he doesn’t do it so I’d like to believe him. When I’m uncomfortable about another woman because I hear certain things she says to him or I see the way she looks at him  and always has to be around him he cuts it off and I’ve done the same thing for him numerous times. We mutually respect each other when it comes to these kinds of things. But lately I find myself feeling more and more alone in our relationship because of how indifferent he acts towards me. We’ve had numerous conversations about it and nothing really changes. I think I did lucky because he does respect my wishes so do I have a right to be hurt by the things he does when we are in the privacy of our own home?