Me (28F) and my husband (29M) have been together for 7 years, married for 2. We have a 4 year old son together who we both love very much. When me and my husband first started dating I was in a very vulnerable place (21 and my mother had just passed away) on top of it being my first relationship. I looked past a lot of red signs and told myself I was ok with things that now looking back I would never be ok with today. We broke up about 3 years in and he begged for another chance so I agreed, we were on the verge of breaking up again for good due to not wanting the same things in the future, when I found out I was pregnant. I knew that I had to do everything I could to make it work because I came from a split home and didn’t want that for my son. I think I’ve felt resentment towards myself for years for staying and haven’t been happy in the relationship fully since. We got engaged and I said yes because it just felt like what needed to be done next if I was going to make this work. I buried my head in planning the wedding for a year yet threatened to call it off every time we fought but never did. After the wedding things didn’t get any better obviously we went through a phase of heavy fighting where I eventually left. I felt so relieved and free and happier than I had felt in so long, except for that I hated hurting him. And I felt guilty for hurting him and my son just to make myself happy so I decided to come back and we would try working on it. That was a year ago. We tried online marriage counseling which I felt did is no good and it seems like he has made an effort to change some of the things that I didn’t like, however, I just feel like we are never going to get to a point where I feel like we should be. In my opinion we have very little in common anymore and don’t communicate about  anything other than our son. It’s so draining pretending to be happy everyday when I want so bad to leave and for us to both find someone we truly connect with. The fear of hurting him again and him not coparenting and damaging my son keep me there. Does anyone have any advice as to what I can do in this situation? Thank you for taking the tine to read this and providing any insights you might have.