After ending a long relationship. I got into contact with  girl I’ve meet thru an old job I was a Coca Cola driver and she worked at a grocery store. I was with someone when I meet her. I told myself to let things fall into place with my ex GF and I didn’t cheat on her. When I was single for 6months I’ve found out she  moved to Mexico cause her family had some issues. I messaged her on Snapchat for her attention. We started talking  and next thing  you know I filled out an application for my passport. After months waiting First thing I did was fly to Mexico and she picked me up from the airport. We talked in person finally after months of talking on social media. Got to know her and when we talking for thoses few months I asked her would she take a risk with me getting married with her ? She responded “yes”. My Spanish was horrible to I practiced lot of it to get by with her family. I asked her mother for her blessing to ask her daughter hand in marriage. She course said yes after a long talk before and her getting to know me so little. Fast forward now me and this fine young lady got married live back in California. I saved up money paid my bills and got an apartment with her. I’m in construction which they are also a union company meaning good paying money here in California. The reason i wanted to marry her was she was all I wanted and I felt like my pray was answered from god literally. I told myself someone I’ll find someone in San Diego if I move there or someone from there with come into my life. Once I laid eyes on her It changed me in ways I didn’t imaged and what I truly desired in my heart. I didn’t wanna let her pass by me again and never see her ever. I’m getting older and don’t want kids in my late 30’s I’ve been with different woman just flings here and there hookups that didn’t matter to me but it took one woman to change me forever. Everything of my wife how genuine,kind and so caring to the point where she can understand me in ways people and her smile would just make me feel like 14yr old teenage guy. In all things she wanted to settled down to, no games no bullshit. I told her from the beginning I’m honesty goes long way and she was the same way! She’s 27 I’m 24 I’ll here to take care of her but wants to help too with bills and other stuff around our apartment. I don’t mind because I believe you help each other out to grow and develop as a married couple. Do I sound to cliché? Or am I heading in the right direction. Married for 3months