Have been with my wife since high school. Weve been together for 13 yrs. She has stuck by my aide threw my addiction. But last year my wife has cheated on me with someone at her job. She would send pics in her underwear, hide numbers in her phone under girls names. Stopped wearibgg wedding ring and that happened around march. Then In November I saw pictures of her in her underwear in the bathroom at work she said that they were for me bc her therapist told her she should to spice up the relationship but I never got them bc she said she didnt like the way she looked but never tried to take anymore for me so makes me feel as they were not for me and for some other guy . So I stayed with her we made it work. So now this past month we bought a house together. Bc I thought she had changes and was committed to making this marriage work. So the other week I accidentally hit a post saying local hook up in a near by town . Didnt message the person or anything just hit the post so she saw that on my history.so a couple days later I see on her phone that there is a wierd number under a girl at works name and that she had texted but deleted thw text on her phone and on where the text messages back up on . So i confront her and ask her about the number. She got defensive and wouldnt let me see her phone so i thought it was a little wierd how defensive she got so i called the number and the guy was acting like he didnt know she was married . She tells me that wheb she saw that i clicked the post she gave her number out to a guy at work . But instantly regretted it. But if that were true why would she try to hide the number under some girls name said that all the messages were of is that the guy asked her out on a date and she said she didnt thibk her husband would like that. The guy wheb I called would have known she was married and she wouldnt have to delete messages. I want to believe her but seems like it is just like last time. And my wife allways says being affectionate makes her feel uncomfortable but everytime I find some stuff out about her she gets affectionate. I love her alot we were planning on having more kids. But idk seems like she just likes messing with my head. She is very flirtatious person . And I feel if she doesnt want me and wants other people then that's ok but why do it behind my back . She kinda has me feeling like I'm second to everyone else and that I'm just in her way. I just want skme suggestions on how we can make this marriage work after all this.