Honestly I can’t remember a time when he raised his voice or argued with her. I think him smiling and being extra calm is him coping with the fact that he knows he can go from 0 to 100 quickly and trying to be as nice and as level headed as he can before he loses it. I’m sure it’s so much that goes on between the cast and production that we don’t see.What if just a thought; maybe he didn’t want to bring it up in the car because he knew it would piss him off and he would be stuck in a car pissed off with nowhere to go. Maybe he didn’t want to bring it up at all but production pushed him to so they could have a storyline. He walked away and Taylor let her true colors show by calling him a bitch then maybe had a pep talk with production like what are you doing girl get in there we need more! He felt antagonized and played and was over it. I can’t agree with everything he did but people have to take responsibilities for their own actions. Ok Brandon is being a jerk and he wants to be done. What does it hurt to say fine ok. No they want that drama so I don’t feel sorry for the. They enjoy that freak show, not us. We don’t want to see him pouting in a corner and it’s been made clear that this is his behavior when he feels cornered so why keep doing it? Because it’s predictable. Because the show is garbage right now but they can count on Brandon to bring the crazy if they push the right buttons. I’m over it and the lack of people being able to see that he is being provoked on purpose is scary to me. We all have human rights and people react differently to situations you can’t control that. But you can control yourself and know right from wrong. So basically it’s ok to gas light someone with mental health issues because you have a job to do and need a check. That’s the problem with the world today. Who benefits from this? Go hunt Zach down and ask him about his emotional affair with Mindy’s friend. Probe Meka to ask Mike about the funeral arrangements he has to make. I the viewer can careless about Brandon wanting to take his mic off and go home I just don’t I’m sorry ! It’s like the fucking Truman show at this point I’m over this garbage