I've been with my fiance for 3 years. At the beginning of our relationship I made a comment about his family member and stated that he was "in shape". I then had been around him and my fiance other times after that and my man got irritated with his cousin for hugging me because apparently in the past it was an issue with my man hugging his cousins women. After this instance my fiance explained to me that whole situation so that I understood why he made a point out of it.  In my personal perspective I did not take that as I was not to hug this man back I just thought he was giving me information on why he called his family member out so that I understood but his expectation was for me moving forward not to hug him but I didnt take it as that to be my reaction because he didnt tell me that directly what he wanted me to do. In retrospect I can see how I could have taken the initiative and done that on my own I just didnt think it was threatening and I had never dealt with this type of scenario before so I did not take action to deny or not allow this man to give me a hug. After all of this it started to become an issue between my man and I when I would hug him back and we've had multiple issues in our relationship on this topic to the point my man thinks I like his cousin. We've tried discussing this multiple times and it goes left everytime. My fiance has invited me over there for parties and family gatherings and there's always an argument afterward because I hugged back when he greeted us and my mans perspective is I'm not being respectful of him and since it's been an ongoing issue I'm not taking measures to make it better. A few months ago I told my man I just would not go over there anymore because I didn't want these issues. Fast forwarding to now, my mans brother is in town who lives out of state. He was over at the cousin's house and my fiance of course wanted to see his brother. My fiance and I before talking about going to his cousin's house had discussed going out for drinks or doing something together. He then asked me if I wanted to go to his cousins house and initially I said that's fine thinking we would stop by to see his brother then go out. I thought about it more and re-approached my man asking him to call his brother and see who was over there because if it was a bunch of guys, I had no reason to go and join him. He called his brother with me there and I recall the brother saying he was there but was about to head out. My fiance claims he said he left and and no one was over at my cousins house. My man asked me twice in the car what I heard his brother say, I told him and he kept telling me that wasn't what happened. The third time he commented he said "so you know it's just my cousin right" I said no I thought your brother was still there if it's just your cousin then take me back home... he replied "No I'm not taking you home" and kept driving. We were there for a few hours and they talked the whole time and I kept to myself. When we drove home things escalated because he felt like I took no responsibility and I need to check myself and my behavior and im wrong for not apologizing off the bat and coming out and saying I was wrong for going and accepting that invitation.  I genuinely need to hear my faults in all of this so I can work on myself in this relationship. This is one isolated incident but there is a pattern where I get called out for something, dont feel like I did something wrong but can see his perspective but he resents me for not taking accountability as soon as I'm questioned. I'm struggling to do that because I dont think I'm doing something wrong but when he breaks it down for me I try to side with him about how I understand his angle but he's already upset that he had to explain it. I am just really trying to understand my flaws on an even deeper level so I can contribute more to my relationship and not keep repeating bad patterns. I ask you dont look at the details of this example as your whole response but more so consider the theme of a problem its creating and how two people are feeling like they're not getting what they need or are being understood.