Super long post!! Help!! My husband and I have had a very stressful for months. We just closed on a home recently, I did all the paperwork since I have a desk job and he doesn’t. The other weekend was when we were to start packing. He had to work that Saturday so I started but then he went to watch the ufc fight and came home at 12:30am. I had told him it bothered me he was going to watch the fight the weekend we had said it was time to start packing(we closed 5 days later) He was gone from 9:00am-12:30am...so I packed what I could. Got up the next morning had breakfast and he realized I’d packed most everything until we start moving the big stuff and find things. Closing day comes, we get up the next day with a small moving van. He’s ordered a new cell phone so about 3 hours of the morning he spends watching to see where ups is cause he has to sign for his phone. In between we pack the van. I think all the stress final came crashing down on me cause as we were unloading the first load I just lost all steam. I finished helping unload the van his not as fast as I’d like.  We go back to the house to load up again. I help load up but sat down on the couch for a second to catch my breathe. He’d been planning to buy a new car for weeks now. He leaves shortly after me saying I needed a break to go buy a car! 5 hours later he’s apologizing about how he didn’t realize it would take this long.  Y the time he gets back it’s 7:30pm. So we take the last load back and unloaded it. Drop the van back off and go home. Get up the next day and we had plans to get paint start painting the kitchen etc. Well, some friends wanted to see us since it’s been months. I honestly love them but really wanted to get started and do the things we’d planned. Well he told me I was being a Debbie Downer and we needed a break. So we get there and our friends are heavy drinkers. I’m not so much. I took champagne and they all did several shots. My husband noticed a light bulb had broken into the sink and attempted to remove the metal piece without switching the main breaker off. Me and his best friend both said please be careful. That’s dangerous. Well that set him off from there. 4 hours go by and we go to leave. He’s insistent on driving. We get maybe a mile away and he asks me what my problem is, and proceeds to hit 120 on the interstate and scream at me about how he can do things without me telling him what to do or how to do it. I beg crying for him to slow down, he slams on breaks in the middle of the highway and then guns it. We get back to the house and he’s screaming at me “to fix my face, because your son is in there and he gets upset, you don’t want to be a bad mother so fix your face” I get out the car and he half hits the gas as I’m stepping out and the car hits my outer thigh hard and I said omg are you trying to run me over, and his reply was if I was I would have. I get up stairs and he come up yelling at that I won’t turn this around on him he’s mad at me for being bitch and I needed to chill the fuck out cause we have time to move. We do I just don’t want to be in limbo between homes and there is painting to be done etc. ugh long post I know, apologies just need some thought as to it I really deserved that??