My husband has been out of vehicle for a couple months, so he has been having to have someone take him to work. Most of the time I can take him to and from work, I mostly just drive for my job, so most of the time I can swing by his job to pick him up or take him to work. But 98% of the time he chooses to have his friend pick him up and take him to and from work, he doesn't have to have his friend pick him up he chooses to, which is perfectly fine, and he gives him gas money. The only thing that has been irking me and I finally confronted him about it this morning is that his friend NEVER has gas in his truck. On many many occasions they have been stuck in the middle of the road or in a parking lot because he ran out of gas and my husband starts frantically calling me asking me if I can pick him up from where they're at and take him to work before he's too late. Or one night they ran out of gas and I had to call a cab for him, it was so late and far I didn't want to get up and drive so I had to pay for a cab to pick him up and bring him home. This happens a lot with his friend, literally a few times a week I have to pick him up from wherever his friend is broke down. But whenever I finally said something to him this morning about it, he got mad at me and said it's none of our business, that it doesn't affect me or him if his friend isn't smart with his money or keeps gas in his truck, that that's his business. I tried to get him to understand that yes his financial state isn't our business, but that it does affect us because he gives his friend gas money to take him to work and then his friend can't get him there, then I have to go out of my way to pick him up and he is late to work, when I could've taken him in the first place, for free, and he would've been on time. So I told him yes it does affect us, but he doesn't see it that way, he said not to bring up his friend or his gas and financial problems again, I told him if he doesn't want me to bring it up again then not to ask me to pick him up whenever they are stranded again, I feel kinda bad for saying that but I'm so aggravated.