I have a great husband and I love our marriage. However, we have some fundamentally different beliefs on things and also a difficult time communicating about them.  I try to be open and receptive to his ideas even when we disagree but I don’t feel like this is a two way street. This makes me sad. We seemed to get over that hump for a while and didn’t really discuss our disagreements that much, so one day when our relationship had been feeling really healthy for 6+ months I mentioned that we were in a good place, better than last year (he agreed and expressed appreciation for that) but we both agreed we weren’t entirely sure what had changed. I said I wanted to work on our relationship and learn more about what makes a good relationship because I wanted it to always be this way and because I felt like I needed a frame of reference for what a great relationship looks like due to a difficult upbringing/my parents having a relationship full of turmoil. He strongly rejected this idea, wanting no part in working on our relationship because he said it made him so sad that he even needed to be thinking about this. Direct quote “if things are going well you aren’t needing to stop and say oh, how can I make this better. You just enjoy them. So if you’re feeling this way then I’ve obviously failed as a partner..” etc etc just a lot of what I felt were dramatic resistant things, completely contrary to what I was feeling but more importantly, what I was verbally expressing over and over again. I kept saying that things were good now and I was so thankful for that but that I never wanted to go back to both of us feeling so misunderstood and we both agreed that we didn’t really know what changed. I also expressed that I viewed relationships as something that deserve and require constant care and attention for growth, like a plant. You prune it/water it because you like it. It came down to me saying that us working on it was important for me emotionally. And him essentially saying that just letting things “work themselves out” and not consciously working on it was important for him, emotionally. “People always say relationships take work, but I don’t think that the good ones do.” (Quote: him) I didn’t know what to say because I don’t want to be the person that says “my needs trump yours” but honestly, the conversation reinforced my feelings that we struggle with communication and therapy would better our relationship. Is there anything I can do to help him be open to the idea? Any suggestions for how to handle it when you and your partner are at odds over what is best for you and the relationship?