For some backstory, I've done a lot of MBTI tests, all of which were by [16personalities.com](https://16personalities.com), which tbf might've been excessive and influenced my answers and results. Either way, most of the time I got INTP-T which I felt both proud and saddened about. On the one hand, based on my understanding, INTPs are rare logical intellectuals with a knack for acquiring knowledge for knowledge's sake (which is  actually one of my hobbies, I know way too much random science trivias). On the other hand,  INTPs are socially awkward, shy and often joked about on the internet as being forever alone nerds who live in their parents' basements and this hit me quite hard, especially the online jokes, because I do have those issues, I have pretty bad social anxieties and social skills and I want to socialise more and make friends but for some irrational fears, I couldn't. Those were probably the first signs i realised something was wrong with my supposed INTP typing, why is it that I feel so much about satirical jokes on Reddit and my lack of social interactions and friends. Another thing I noticed is my frequent arguments with my older sister and I tend to get emotional and lose most of the arguments to her (who is probably an INTJ). So I took a few more tests, some of which I got INTP-T and some of which I got INFP-T although it was always fifty percent something feeling, fourty percent something thinking or vice versa so I decided to look up on the topics and It seems like a lot of my emotional reactions and processes don't align with the INTP at all. For example, based on a Quora answer (admittedly not the most reliable source of information), a truly angry INTP tries to shut off or remove the person they're angry with from their life while I tend to be more confrontational when I'm angry, although I don't always confront the person I'm angry with because I'm scared and end up bottling it up or venting it to an unfortunate bystander (usually my mother). After that, I took an online IQ test and EQ (empathy quotient) test and I got a 137 IQ and 20 EQ which was unsurprising considering I'm decent at thinking and rationalising in a non stressful situition and that I'm horrible at telling other people's feelings and knowing how to react appropriately,  I really love my logic and knowledge (another thing that i feel triggered by is perceived insults to my intellect), I like to read about facts and science, I like to try to find patterns and cause-effect, I like to zone out and just focus about my thoughts but whenever I get into a confrontation, my feelings just completely take over any rationale or logical thinking i had. I don't like being irrational, vulnerable and weak, and I'm not saying that other feelers are like that but It just seems like I'm getting all the drawbacks of being a feeler and non of the benefits. Even right now, I'm doing something irrational by making a rant on Reddit with no perceivable results or benefits.