First of all, I know this is more related to the application overall, so if it needs to be taken down I understand. I would just really appreciate some advice. I've been a longtime lurker but this is my first post. I'm just seeking some advice and reassurance as I'm starting to feel very overwhelmed with the application for the 2021 cycle almost open. I've been out of undergrad for two years now doing full-time research in a surgical translational research lab where I get to work with a lot of military physicians. It's what refueled my interest in medical school after leaning more towards committing to research near the end of my undergrad. Anyways, I'm one of the lucky ones who took the MCAT in January, and I want to apply with my score. I am knowledgeable about the application process works, but I do occasionally feel as if I'm going in blind if you know what I mean. I would have a very research-heavy app, so am looking more at mid-tier research schools (DO and MD). After getting my MCAT scores back in February, I finally felt like I could breathe easy for a bit, and turned my attention to work and volunteering, as well as just enjoying life for a bit. Then coronavirus happened, and while I'm fortunate to be able to work from home, I have been bad about focusing on preparing for the application to open, and have done very little in the way of prep work. Now, with it about to open, I feel overwhelmed and am not sure where to start. I feel like I am beating myself up because I don't have anything prewritten, but at the same time feel like, especially with the window extension for submission, feel like if I just focus myself I will be fine. I just find myself thinking that I haven't done the prep work that a good medical school applicant should be doing. I know everyone has ups and downs with all of this, and that ultimately we are all in this together. I guess I am just seeking a little advice for how to go about completing my application? What can I do to prepare these last few days, and then what kind of timeline should I follow for getting all my app materials finished? I know this will be a very weird cycle given the state of the world, I would just really appreciate any advice y'all can share. Thank you ahead of time, and whether you're a physician, a med student, or a premed, good luck out there.