Ok guys I am a frequent psychadelic user but yesterday I just had the best roll/trip in my entire experience EVER. I'm not joking when I say this IT WAS CRAZY. I'm talking crazier then multiple 3 somes on hippyflips. (Yes I have done that with the same 2 girls multiple times one of them being my girlfriend). Anyways the night started young and alive at 9pm I dropped a .4 of pure crystal MDA tested clean asf on an empty stomach. I turned on some lil pump drose as I started to play some of the new call of duty warzone battle royale. My game took about 45 minutes and I came in 2nd place. Anyways after my game is done I started to notice my buzz coming on as ugly god water was playing in the background. I turned my LED lights on to strobe mode then proceed to sniff 10mg of 2CB. FUCK THAT SHIT BURNS MAN 5 minutes later I was sent flying through space with body tingles going throughout my body as my nose was on FIRE. Anyways about 25 minutes go by of harsh come ups and nose buring to the point where I'm starting to get used to it. Now comes the best part of the night hoping on my amazon fire tablet and fucking my fleshlight while its between my matress and my boxspring, while watching big booty black bitches take backshots on pornhub. But while I was on pornhub I saw a video that caught my attention on the home page that I never saw before. It was a video of a man laying on his back with his legs thrown behind his head and sucking his own dick. I didn't even think this was possible until I seen this video I just had to click on it and what the video showed me was ungodly powerful. Thoughts starting rushing through my head on what it would be like to successfully suck my own cock so I just had to try it. I watched the whole video in awe then went blazing through google on the best way to perform such an act. I concluded I would have to loosen up my muscles by taking a hot shower snd stretching. This is all about 45 mins after I snorted the 2cb and I'm still TRIPPING HARD. I worked on loosening myself up for 10 minutes then quickly dryed off. Here we go I thought to myself. I layed on the bathroom floor with a towel under me and a pillow to support my neck and I threw my legs behind my head and wrapped them around my head I was suprised I got this far but noticed I couldn't reach still i had to angel my body my and stretch even farther but then it happened.... I was able to lick it and oh my god my body tingled the minute i did IT WAS AMAZING! The minute i did that I couldnt help myself I judt straight away went hard on my own cock and oh my fucking god i can blow myself better then my girlfriend csn honestly it was SO AMAZING and my dick is RAGING hard from the 20mg of cialis I toom earlier in the day. I proceeded to suck my own soul out for 15 minutes when I knew it was going to happen. I was going to pop but I didnt want to stop.... I just coudlnt... I kept sucking away even more fiercely keep in mind I am still flying this is only about an hour and 15-20minutes after I snorted the 2cb and then it happened.... A shockwave went over my whole body and I kept sucking as I bust in my own mouth the orgasm was so intense I couldnt keep sucking i had to stop I took my cock out of my mouth then proceeded to finish on my own face... My legs were extremely locked up after this and so was my neck and back but oh my god I think I just found my new favorite way to pass the time on psychedelics. Going to be trying this on 5 tabs of acid  next time. Thank you all for reading and no I AM NOT GAY NOR HAVE I EVER HAD SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH ANOTHER MAN THIS WAS ALL IN SELF PLEASURE.