Hey, I'm posting this here because I found it hard to find anything similiar anywhere. Long story short, me and some mates had a sesh some time ago and we all started off with a 200mg pill of MD (tested with a kit, was definitely MD). A friend of mine, let's call him John, was one of of these mates; we've seshed together loads in the past, always have a great time with both weed and mandy. However, this time he was initially fine after it kicked in, was pinging as usual and all - had a couple hits on a bong too, nothing out of the ordinary. He goes from having a normal conversation to just blanking out, staring at me with a terrified look. I thought he was taking the piss at first, but he just wouldn't respond - this persists for nearly 2 hours, and if I made the slightest movement, he would jump and scream in genuine terror and fear, seen nothing like it in my life. Eventually he starts talking, but it's all really weird stuff about the Devil and Hell, he's slipping in and out of normality. He asks ms if I'm one of the "monsters" and is shaking and terrified to the point that I'm seriously worried and scared of him myself. From what he's describing, he believes he's in Hell and that nothing's real, he even begins to think I'm the Devil torturing him and that "reality" is one lie and trick used to play games with him. This physcotic state persists for hours until I finally get him to sleep. In the morning, he's "somewhat" normal again but isn't himself at all, even commenting that he still isn't sure if this is reality, he's also still very paranoid and jumpy. I'm deeply concerned, but he ends up going home, where I later found out he couldn't eat or sleep for weeks, kept waking his girlfriend up in the night in fear. About 2 weeks after the night, he goes to hospital in an ambulance after an episode of erratic behaviour at his house, only to be given anti-anxiety medication and sent home. He seems mostly better now, but he's vowed against ever touching drugs again.  I'm still worried - was this physcosis? I've never seen anything like it, it sounds like he completely broke with reality and had a DMT-tier bad trip with a single pill and a bit of weed.