so to start i want to preface this by saying that prior to doing this, i was and still am in an emotionally vulnerable state and struggling with some anxiety and depression issues. just got out of a long-term relationship a month and a half ago, and am dealing with the loneliness accompanied by no longer having the crutch of someone to lean on when that stress creeps up. a couple of friends from work that i’ve tripped with before have been to several raves in the past few years, and have obviously spoken highly of mdma and it’s euphoric capabilities... intrigued by the potential possibility to escape my stress, even if for a night, was too tempting to pass up. i hit up my buddy knowing he was sitting on .9 split between 3 caps that he planned to spread from now till the end of the year, and convinced him to sell me one. after getting off work the day of, i waited till about 10:30... took the capsule, grabbed my airpods, threw on some cool visuals, wrapped myself in my blankets and just waited. every minute before coming up felt like an eternity, mostly due to my anxiety caused by the realization that i was trying something new and had only a slight understanding of what was to come. i remember SO specifically the beautiful sequence of events that kicked this entire experience off, i was laying on my bed looking at the tv taking short breaths, kinda zoning out until when i got a notification on my phone at which point i immediately began to sit up, turn my head, and read the text. the SECOND i went to lay back down, i looked back up at the tv and upon seeing the colors and visuals dance across the screen... i immediately gasped and felt the rush of sweet fucking air into my lungs. the euphoria i felt in that moment is palpable as i type this, my heart is racing just thinking about it. the pure bliss achieved in that first breath i felt to be unmatched until proven wrong by each consecutive breath... each deeper and deeper, and more powerful than the last. overcome by the shock of how overwhelming every feeling i had was, i began to repeat “oh my god” and began to briefly half-sob/half laugh to myself at the terrifying thought that not only was the feeling better than anything i’ve ever experienced, but that it was eventually going to come to an end. i quickly brushed past that initial fear and came to the realization that i had my music playing at a low volume, and the second i started turning it up i flew. music has always been my everything, and to feel like every ounce of it was being released into my body. the euphoria i felt as the bass trembled in my ears made me throw my head back and open my mouth wide, my jaw was shaking, and all my fingers and toes were clenched. my heart started racing as i stood up, and began to just dance and feel the soft carpet beneath my feet... occasionally falling to my knees, and then stomach, flailing my arms around perfectly content to just lay there and feel each individual SOFT carpet follicle brush against my skin. about an hour of this ensued, followed immediately by me having the great idea that my car has more bass and i wanted to feel all of it. i threw on some pants and ran outside without a shirt or socks, got in my car, and began to blare my music at full volume. i could barely get through more than 30 seconds of one of my favorite songs without quickly transitioning to the next because i was impatient and eager to hear each new song with my freshly acquired, magic ears. i remembered my buddies tip of using my vape, specifically with menthol juice, and i ran inside to get it... came back out and just jammed the fuck out, letting everything flow through me, hitting my vape with what felt like infinite lung capacity over and over and over till i felt sick. the second i started to sweat profusely and felt slightly anxious, i focused on getting back inside and comfortable and then resumed allowing myself to enjoy any and everything around me. up until hour 4, the rest of that time was dedicated to listening to music while wrapping myself in my softest blanket and scrolling through my camera roll just staring in awe at all these beautiful people and moments i had captured. i remember so vividly how fucking good it felt to just admire each individual feature of these people that have meant so much to me. inspired by these feelings, i grabbed my phone and began to text the people closest to me. writing for each of them a testament to how they make me feel, and what i love about each of them. at this point it was late enough that i didn’t get any replies till morning but just being able to release that craving to pour affection into something was sooooo nice... i had to of texted at least 10 people, most of which assumed i was sending a “final” text which has made me question a lot about how i’m portraying myself to everyone around me... now at this point i began to gradually feel myself coming down, and felt myself grasping at the ability to breathe how i was moments before but failing and realizing that it was over. the initial haze of just contemplation and reflection took over, and i settles into my bed... recalling each specific moment and feeling a weight settle in my chest as i realized how much of an effect this memory was going to have on my mental health and god... i haven’t been wrong. have taken supplements every day since rolling, and have smoked more weed than i have i’m years... but no matter what i do, i can’t get rid of the constant craving to feel that bliss again. i know my biggest problems lie with myself and how i internalize or run from my feelings... but it’s difficult, i find myself wanting to do it again now no matter the negative effects i know since doing research it will have in my mental health and i hate how weak i feel because of that. now i don’t necessarily know if anybody will read or care about this but i just needed to put it out there because exploring this community post-roll has given me a lot of security in just seeing everyone be positive and informative... i really fucking regret deciding to roll when i did because of the mental loops it’s put me through, but i am appreciative of the memory and education i’ve received from it. it’s inspired me to take a closer look at my mental health, and work on myself... even if i’ve struggled with abstaining from doing it again. apologies for the rambles 😣🖤 you’re all da greatest 🥺🥺