 Hello as i was about to leave the gym tonight. I open my chevy equinox using my remote for it. But as i turn it on i assumed everything was fine. When i notice the esc light comes on along with engine light and traction control light. So my engine also was hiccuping every 10 seconds and i was like "are you freaking kidding me!?" Also when i started shifting my shifter to reverse it didn't move at all and the engine just makes more noise. Plus i take another look at my shifter and notice the shift light was not lit up. I look at my dash hud and it said 'E' shift which i think means error or something like that. I turn my suv off and try turning it on again but when i turned it off the dash hud said please shift to park. It was in park but the sensors i presume didn't. I also put my brakes on which were still working and turned them off but the freaking thing didn't fix the shifter and esc light and other lights! I was too mentally tired to think of other alternatives. I called an uber driver and he was supportive of the situation and told me the lights were still on as i locked the doors same with stereo screen. Me and the driver tried making sure to turn it off before we left and they wouldn't turn off after 2 minutes! We talked on alternatives for the next day on what to do. The driver recommended i tell my dealership about it. However "i should ask them if i can get a another one if i didn't like my current one but not say it was defective" for what i think it is anyway. I say "I have warranty protective until 120000 kilometers". We talk about it on the way home. My uber driver was very nice about the situation which i was thankful for anyway. Now the next challenge is get it fixed asap which i will not expect to happen tomorrow at all because it might be fully booked. Also i left all my warranties papers at home including manual and roadside assistance business card. What should i do next and what did i miss? What would have you done different? I'm gonna go get my defective vehicle tomorrow and call roadside assistance first or alternatively a tow truck at same time let dealership know "my vehicle has a ESC problem" and i'm going to take it to them. Any other advice i'm not aware of or didn't know about? thanks? Also but cargo door won't open up too! I hadn't have an accident with it at all yet. It's at 45588 km and seemed to be running well before that happened. Did i forget to change transmission oil ahead of time? Should i exchange it for another vehicle or what? I can't shift at all. I only bought it at 32933 km. Am i the only one with these issues?