So I had a problem with one of my wheel bearings, so I started to look around for a mechanic to take care of it.  I'd moved to the south side of Atlanta GA, and this was the first time I needed to get something fixed on my car.  I didn't really know anyone, so I decided to use google and visit the shop that had the best reviews.  When I got there, the place was super busy.  They had cars lined up to get work done.  I thought this was a great sign that the guy did good work and had a good reputation.  I left my car there and in a few days, I got a call.  Sure enough, The front left bearing needed to be replaced.  Then the guy asked me to get my own parts.  I went on Amazon and got a good deal on a pair of bearings, rotors and breaks.  So I bought all of the parts and took them over to the guy and asked him to replace everything.  He said ok, and billed me less that $500.  When he called to tell me that the work was done, he also listed about a dozen other things on the car that needed to be replaced (power steering leaks, oil leaks, strut oil leak).   Maybe he thought I had money to burn because I asked for the additional work.  I told him that I didn't have any extra money for repairs.  Then I made a mistake (I guess) and I call he back and told him that I wanted him to evaluate the oil leak and double check everything (I stressed that point), and I'd give him an extra $100 and a bottle of bourbon.  I wanted to get on his good side, and not get my car back broken!  I guess it back fired on me.  I came by to pick the car, signed the bill, paid it and drove off.  That day, I found that power steering fluid was completely empty.  I knew that I had a small leak which required refilling every six months, so I knew that the fluid level was full when I left it off.  Then, about 20 miles later, the front left wheel started to make a terrible noise.  I though the guy had 'forgotten' to grease the bearing, so I immediately drove to a different mechanic.  The next day, the pandemic happened, so it was almost 2 months before the new guy got back to me.  He told me that the first guy had left off a key bolt, which would have eventually lead to the wheel falling off the car!!  That's two thing (that I know of) that were intentionally fouled up on my car.  Maybe there's more?  What should I do at this point?  Also, should I be worried about this guy coming around my place and causing trouble if I push back?  I get the feeling I should consider that.