Hey there mechanics.. A few nights ago I started my jeep and began to hear a vacuuming noise coming from the brake area that stops when the brake is depressed. I brought it into a shop to have a brake diagnostic done. The only person I spoke to the entire time was the receptionist and I only received a text from the guy who was supposedly doing the job. A while after I drop it off I get a text that says the reason I'm getting that noise when I'm "hitting" the brake pedal is because that brake booster has failed. He then texts me that the reason it failed is because the master cylinder leaked brake fluid into it. Then, he recommends replacing the brake booster AND the master cylinder. KEEP IN MIND my brake does not make a sound when it is depressed. The sound STOPS when the brake is depressed. It's interesting to me because from what I've heard and seen it seems like the master cylinder can't leak break fluid into the booster and that it would first leak between the booster and cylinder. When I called the place I'd like to do the repairs, he asked me what symptom indicated to me the booster had failed and whether it was a fluid leak or not. He heard me confirm with the receptionist that the man who did the diagnostic said it was a fluid leak, and then said "you might just need a new master cylinder." I'm hoping that's the case. I checked the vac lines for a leak earlier and didn't find anything, touched them to see if I felt any suction but then again I'm not a mechanic and the lines look like shit, some of them wrapped and dusty. The pack of new ones is only $25.. Basically, my questions are: Is it really possible for the master cylinder in this car to leak into the break booster? Should I still be hearing this sucking vacuum sound with a so-called failed booster? Also, if I am only replacing the master cylinder, does that mean the booster should just start working normally afterwards/does the booster just have nothing to do with this? Really bad at this... thanks guys.. lmao.