I have a 2006 Volvo XC90 with the 5 cylinder Turbo. My battery kept dying after sitting overnight so I decided to replace it. After replacing my car will not start. Sorry for the long winded post in advance but I’ve tried a few things and I have a bit of info. My lights, radio, windows and accessories now work but the car will not crank. There’s no message in the message window about the immobilizer or failed start but I tried my other key anyways (I only have 2). So I went to the pick and pull and bought a new (used) antenna ring and that didn’t solve it. I checked the fuel pump relay and it is clicking but I swapped it with the ECM relay anyways as they are the same. Still no start. So I unplugged the signal wire to the starter and it was kind of corroded but not too bad but I cleaned it with rubbing alcohol anyways (sorry, no contact cleaner here). I checked connections to the Central Electronics module and cleaned the battery terminals. Still won’t start. I tried pushing the accelerator pedal to the floor and pumping it while turning the key. I unlocked and locked the door 5 times with the key fob to initialize the upper electronics module as suggested. I’ve tried starting the car in park and neutral. I touched the battery terminals together for 10 minutes to try to reset it. I hooked it up to my Vida/Dice combo and cleared the codes to start from scratch. I keep getting a code *CEM-6c48 - Transponder Type. Faulty signal. * I went into the immobilizer tab on Vida and checked the parameters. I get “start not approved” until I try to start the car and then it changes to “start approved”, with both of my keys. Again it won’t crank. I activated the fuel pump relay with Vida and I can hear it, so I don’t think that’s the problem but I just can’t get anywhere. I spent the majority of last evening researching this code and I’ve found a lot of dead ends in forums saying that the starter wire had come out or some other silly reasons or that the wire was corroded or that the car was saying there were no keys coded to it. Vida reports that I’ve got 3 keys assigned to this car and it does show which ones are in use when I have it in the ignition. I’ve also tried using a jumper wire between the two terminals on the starter and then I *can* get it to crank but not fire (with the key in the ignition. Am I doomed to tow this car to the dealer? (I’m really dreading finding out it needs a new CEM) but I’m running out of ideas and I really don’t have a lot of experience in this field (I work in auto body, lol)