So for the past few years my knee hyper mobility has been getting worse. I thought what I was doing was normal until I caught myself in the mirror one day with my knees looking like they had snapped in half. I quickly realised there was something not right. Went to the doctor for her to say I was just double jointed????? I kept pushing and pushing until I got another doctor who saw the problem. He refers me on to rheumatology and that man said I had joint hyper mobility syndrome. Now, at the time I was like ok, yes, I fit the symptoms. But now a few years older I have realised that I really don’t. My beighton score is 4 at a push as I’ve been told me a physiotherapist. On that score, it’s really only my knees and elbows that extend. While my fingers do extend a good bit, they only go up to 90 degrees, not over it. I can’t put my hand on the floor with my knees straight. My thumb again does bend back but it does not touch my arm. However, outside of this score, there is definitely something going on. I get serious pain in my hips and lower spine all the time. Sometimes this can be excruciating and I’m nearly in tears. My hip and knees click all the time. My knees make this weird buzzing feeling when you touch them, and they sound like they’re grinding on something a lot of the time. I get very bad knee pain in the cap of my knees. It moves about in its positioning but it’s always a sharp stabbing kind of pain. EVERY ONE of my joints click. I can position my feet ankle to ankle with no pain, in fact it’s actually quite comfortable. My toes really freak my out as well, as I can spread them. They almost look like freaky hands when I do it. My fingers lock all the time and it’s extremely painful to unlock them. I have researched and I came across hEDS. Now I understand that me not exactly fitting the beighton score makes this sound silly, but hear me out. So on the NHS website they give you a list of symptoms and I fit a lot of them. I definitely have joint hyper mobility and my joints are loose and unstable. When I’m walking sometimes my knee or hip will just give out and then I’m on the floor. It has even happened on stairs. As I’ve mentioned before, I have the pain and the clicking joints. I am constantly tired and the level of tiredness I have is not normal for a teenager. I am always waking up with bruises and I don’t know how I got them. I have digestion problems. I have had spells of dizziness. I have even went to the doctor about these as they were getting really bad and again, like all my problems, it was brushed over. I had tried hinting to my doctor before about hEDS but I have never came out and said it. I don’t want to look like a lunatic who thinking they have everything wrong with them. Believe me, I’m never out of the doctors. I’m constantly getting chest infections and my last one gave me a trip to A&E as my heart rate skyrocketed and I couldn’t breath. I’m actually embarrassed to go back to the doctors. I just need someone to either tell me I’m crazy or I’m on to something. Any advice is welcomed.