My 3rd eye was suffering “Shocks”...? When my forehead was touching my girl’s forehead who claims to have heard/seen demons in her past (heavy sexual abuse within family)... has anyone experienced this? It felt almost like an attack on my 3rd eye, thats the only way i can describe it.  So I do not AP, but I transcendentally Meditate, which allows me to ascend to the astral plane (where you go when you do DMT) on a much smaller, more manageable and understandable level.  I’ve seen everything from aliens looking back at me to millions of eyes staring from everywhere to the fabric of my reality ripping itself - all stone-cold sober, due to nothing but me meditating to an audio track dedicated to stimulating the 3rd eye/crown chakra...  Now I consider myself a pretty experienced and skilled navigator of this plane in that I can almost “turn on” my 3rd eye at will...  I can almost flex it like a muscle (its similar to how it feels when you flex the muscle that wiggles your ears, for those of you that know what I mean) and I’ll start feeling it gearing up...   Anyway, my GF was literally just diagnosed with schizo affective disorder. She tells me that she used to hear her mom talking to things in her house and she would ask her “what did you say?” And her mom would just be like “nevermind” as a kid... now that she’s an adult, her mom has admitted that she used to talk to demons, as her mother is also schizo/bi-polar...  My GF snapped totally and completely only once - and that was before i met her, about a year and a half ago.  She said that she could feel a demon throw its robe over it’s shoulder and sit next to her. She said that sometimes she hears voices and doesn’t know whether it’s god talking to her, or the demons posing as god...  All this to say? She’s obviously got some dark stuff that runs generationally deep thru her family... without giving too much of her info out, her father was all but a devil of a man, and if demons were to prey on anyone? She would be a prime target for them...  They say the mystic and the schizophrenic reside in the same waters...  A mystic (someone who uses their connection to higher realms/their higher self as a tool for self-exploration and spiritual growth) has spent time and energy developing a way of USING their gift, to swim gracefully and poised through those waters...  The schizophrenic? Flails in that same water the mystic swims in... Always being told their gift was a curse, and never having tried to hone their gift - or maybe their gift was just too much for them to handle..  Anyway.  We passed out with our foreheads touching each other’s (commonly referred to as a “3rd eye kiss”) and as I was drifting off to sleep, I found myself going into a slightly meditative state by habit ...  Out of nowhere I felt a “SHOCK” to my spiritual self... it happened again.... it HURT...   It felt like something was trying to fuck up my shit... The more it dawned on me that an entity could very well be attacking me? The more I started trying to picture a shield of white/Holy light around both me and my GF to protect us? The more I would suffer these “Shocks”... it was like I was being forced out of my own body by something - painfully, I might add.  Terrible terrible sensation.  And the more i fought it and tried to protect us? I noticed my girl would twitch in her sleep more..  Which is nOt something she does...  Idk, call me crazy if you want, but i REALLLY would like to know if anyone else has any experience with this “Shock” sensation to their third eye? And if so, what caused it?  This was concerning as fuck for me.