I have been sick for a couple weeks now, I'd say about 6. I first noticed it one day because my head was very heavy, I ignored it and went on with my day. I thought it would get better but it only got worse from there. I felt cold like symptoms and head pressure. My anxiety got the best of me and I started freaking out every day since it had been 2 weeks and it hasn't gone away. I assumed the head pressure was from sinus. I eventually started losing sleep because I was so nervous. I began to start to think I was going to die and it was only a matter of time. Cut back to recently, like a week ago from now and it somehow got worse.(although keep in mind I had been relentlessly obsessing every day over the thought I was going to die). Me and my family woke up at 4 am that morning all the way until 2 am the next day for the new star wars ride. The next day was when I felt significantly worse. I started to feel very tired, my eyes hurt, and I couldn't think straight. I am feeling the same way this week as well. I'm not going to lie the anxiety got to me, but I have slowly been getting over it. What worries me is the physical symptoms I am feeling. I feel dizzy (not enough to make me fall over but enough to annoy me), head pressure mainly in the front sides and back, my neck hurts/ feels slightly stiff, it feels like my coordination is off like eye stuff/  my eyes hurt and seem to have trouble keeping up with fast moving images, and I can't seem to think straight/ thinking is slower (keep in mind it's not that I can't think at all, it's that I have trouble thinking things through fast/ thinking fast/ comprehending fast). I think I might still be congested which would explain the dizzyness, and I'm still catching up on my sleep, I'm trying not to obsess over my symptoms to ease my anxiety, and my glasses were messed up for a week which might explain the eye pain. It seems also like I am slowly getting better but not as fast as I would like. I am asking you guys because I just want to make sure this couldn't be anything serious and that I don't end up saying it's nothing if it actually could be. Thanks in advance!