I was in a car accident in January of this year. But in 2017 I had back surgery because I had 2 herniated disc on my l4 and l5. A doctor at ( SM) helped me when I was younger and did the surgery. Now I'm having issues.( not being able to walk because of pain) I went to the ER because SM wouldn't listen to me. I told them I was in so much pain from the accident ( I was already going to be going their for physical thepry. So I brought this up many times.) It has gotten worse so I went to the. GMT ER since my doctor wouldn't listen to me. ( I had went to an ER at SF. The day of the accident also and another time the following week) and they did 2 MRIs on me. Turns out I have a "mild left paracentral disc bulge on my L5" so the ER gave me a note so my doctor would listen and actually see me about it, since HE WAS THE DOCTOR WHO DID MY 1ST BACK Surgery. I go in to the lady at the desk, she say she will email him. I get a call to tall about how I was feeling since my surgery. I tell her I'm in so much pain I rather be dead, I cant walk , sleep or sit without hurting so badly. And she tells me she will get me in with the doctor. Few call transfers later. This lady ask me my name why im calling. Checks her Pc asks me my name again. Says that if. Lawyer is invloved with me the won't see me. So I cant even talk to a doctor about what I should do. Someone who's already fixed my issue I have the scar to prove it. And I,ve been trying to get my medical records from them for years before all this for school. And no other doctor will see me unless I have the surgery records. So im siting here thinking about killing my self because of how much pain In in non stop. I cant live my life anymore. ( only reason a lawyer is invloved is because the lady who hit me is at 100% fault and my insurance wont cover the few ER vists because it was a motor vehicle accident, lost my car also. Dmg to it made it totalled) I dont know what to do. Doctors wont help me or see me. I have no money, I dont even make enough to live off of. Im staying with my mom at the moment. Can someone please help me or give me advice on what I should do before I just give up on everything....