It was the only time she knew. She couldn't explain her apprehension with time but she knew not to trust it. She didn't understand why she should  listen to the men standing behind the microphones but she knew not to trust them either. The noise was white but deafening.  She couldn't take it anymore and she ran to the highest point of the city and looked down to see it burning. She thought this was so strange because she was just there and couldn't feel it burning. Floating above the chaos she could see the smoke, the red and orange flames dancing, and the frantic panic of the people running to nowhere. Why couldn't she see this when she was in it? Why couldn't she feel it on her skin?  This was her home and this whole time it's been burning frantically, falling down around her feet? She cried, what happened?!?!? Why?!?!?! There was no answer. The tears fell and no one was there to help her wipe them away. She wept on the ground and she felt her skin melt and her heart break. Her wailing was so high it was silent and her tears just ran like waterfalls from her eyes. The silence in her sorrow carried her consciousness off into another world and it was quiet. Nothing to see just blank dark silence and limitless space. No more burning. No more chaos. Just space. She couldn't see the chaos anymore but realized she couldn't see it because she was born in it. She couldn't feel the burning because everyone was burning. She couldn't navigate through the bad because it was unclear what was good. It was hard to not react when everyone was reacting. Now filled with anger, saddness, and frustration she exploded into silence because it was all that was left. It was the only thing she hadn't tried. She was bruised and bloody her whole life. Her friends and family were too and everyone kept fighting, kept tearing, kept stripping everything away. As she faded into her black hole of peaceful silence she thought she would open her eyes and look down on her home one more time. She opened her eyes and found her loved ones all around her. Sitting in silence with her. Fighting what they have always known with her. Putting out the flames of complacency that brought them there with her. She smiled and re-closed her eyes and finally saw everything.  #meditation