My wife just took her STEP 1. We have a toddler daughter and we decided that I watch our daughter while my wife studies for STEP during dedicated. She left our home to her parents home to study cuz our daughter would be all over her all the time when she’s not in daycare. We agreed to facetime each other every night and visit each other on the weekends. Even on the weekends we would only hang out for a few hours. And I got all this. I’m actually studying for my MCAT, doing a post bacc, volunteering, working as a scribe, and trying to take care of our daughter. I’ve had tons of friends in medical school go through this whether they were married and/or had kids or neither. After she took STEP, we decided that we would spend time with each other, thinking we really needed it, her STEP was actually on my birthday which is on Valentine’s Day too. But after she took STEP, she worried all night about her score even though her seniors and advisors told her that everyone worries after STEP. Dinner was shit cuz she was on her phone a lot of the time. Next day was shit cuz she was on her phone a lot of the time asking MS3s, MS4s if she was going to be okay. Even though they said she will be fine, she proceeded to ask someone else about it. I suggested that she not look at her phone so much and that we go out and do something to distract her. She proceeds to freak out on me saying I don’t understand shit about medical school and we get into this whole argument. She ends up not talking to me and falling asleep. I see a text on her phone to multiple people in her Med school about our PRIVATE argument and how she actually didn’t miss me during STEP and only missed our daughter and wasn’t sure “if that meant something”. During her entire MS1 and MS2 I’ve cooked, cleaned our house, was always there when she was down, watched our daughter so she can go out with her friends, never ever talked about my feelings considering she was the one in Med school going through a lot worse than me. I barely went out with my friends. I developed an acute depression that I’ve been working on with a psychiatrist. I don’t think anyone is in the wrong here and it’s appropriate for her to feel stressed but for her to say that “she didn’t miss me” and basically question our relationship after all we’ve been through, after all I’ve done for her? Idk am I just being an asshole here?