Hello, I wanted to introduce myself to the group. I just joined. I am 38 and three months post full hysterectomy, both ovaries and cervix removed. I have suffered from years of endometriosis which caused me to have lots of cysts and mass that had to be removed surgically. I have had endometriosis for at least 12 years and finally decided enough was enough, and had a hysterectomy. Best decision I could have made, my doctor said there was no way I would have been able to conceive again, my ovaries and uterus were plastered against my back. And the cyst that was on my left ovary for nine weeks before my surgery ended up being the size of a softball, my doctor said that would not have ruptured on its own. I am on HRT patch and taking oral progesterone (Could not afford the patch/progesterone combo with my insurance, too expensive…) still experiencing hot flashes and night sweats, but now also get chills, and freeze at times. I have been experiencing anxiety and depression, and very emotional (some days I feel very very low and down and cry a lot) and that frustrates me because I don’t like showing my emotion like that. I have been very forgetful, had shortness of breath, and heart races at times (I do naturally have a fast heartbeat) along with dizzy spells. Other than HRT I have not taken any other prescription drugs since leaving the hospital. I manage my pain and sleep with CBD and medical marijuana. The sleep deprivation was something that I was not expecting, but has been so difficult… I will fall asleep early sometimes around 8:30 9 o’clock usually when my boys are getting ready for bed, no help to my husband at all and I cannot be woken up, then I will wake up around 2:30/3:00 am and be wide awake for hours. When I am tired like that my husband can’t even wake me up. It’s like I have no control over my body, it’s very frustrating... I have always been a night owl but some nights I can’t even stay awake. I do not have a mom that I can ask these things, and I do not know any other women who have gone through a full hysterectomy. So any advice, encouragement, experiences, or anything that I should know is welcome! I literally have not read anything because I am scared of being misinformed. Please share your stories and experiences with me! TIA!