So I have a classmate who I sometimes talk with and I think they show some signs of having something, but I’m not really sure what. They’re kinda my friend, but we’re not very close. The best I can think of because I don’t know too many specific mental illnesses is paranoia schizophrenia. Onto the info I have. I know they take meds for something, I can’t remember if they said antidepressants once, but they’ve mentioned a couple times things like “Ugh, I forgot to take my meds this morning, I feel like sh*t.” I’ve seen them a couple times having very extreme motor tics for a couple minutes, upper body, including head/neck/face/a little bit of arms and blaming it on their “paranoia,” saying it’s acting up. I notice that after these tics stop, they’re a little more lethargic for a while. I can’t tell if they’re an extrovert or introvert type, because when everyone’s doing their own thing, they keep to themselves and spend a lot of their time on the internet, or if they don’t know many people well in a room or situation they likely won’t make any interactions with anyone, but they don’t hesitate at all to speak up about a strong opinion they have, and when they’re around people they know, whether it be closely or just well, they’re very loud, energetic, and being a theatre kid- v e r y expressive. They have a pretty, explicit, should I say, sense of humor. They’ve told me (specific topics, I don’t think it’s very necessary to state what) they’re interested in some pretty disturbing (to most) topics, they don’t support the topics at all, but find fascination in them. They’re also an artist, and they use their art a lot as “vent,” to express emotions, and they draw a lot of gore. They seem like a pretty average person and you wouldn’t suspect them to have any possible mental illnesses unless you knew them, most people just kinda think they’re weird though, but for other reasons. (because they’re very loud and expressive like I mentioned, watch anime, and are lgbtq+, yes, we have some judgmental people in our school, unfortunately) So yeah. I know that some of this could be considered almost normal behavior, but my main point was the tics associated with “paranoia,” and that’s what got me interested. It’s just that I couldn’t really find anything that connected the two, tics and paranoia. Am I even able to figure anything out with what I know about them?