I’m 27 weeks pregnant with my second child and really struggling with anxiety and depression. I’ve always struggled with depression but after the birth of my daughter, who is now 5, I went into severe postpartum depression and anxiety. I’ve struggled on and off throughout the years. When my daughter was about 18 months old, I became suicidal. For a few years, life was incredibly difficult, but  with tons of help and support I finally reached a point where everything was great and decided to try for baby #2. I was taking trazodone 150mg for sleep, celexa 40mg daily for depression, and ativan just as needed for panic attacks. I’ve seen a psychiatrist regularly since my postpartum issues with my first child and we decided to stop the trazodone and obviously the ativan prior to trying for baby #2. I’ve been fine up until this point, but now the anxiety and depression have hit me again to the point that it’s crippling. I’m terrified this is only going to get worse. Especially postpartum, which increases the anxiety and depression. I’m a registered nurse also and work is really stressing me out on top of everything else. I was supposed to work this past Sunday but just couldn’t drag myself out of bed. Ended up having a panic attack that morning and I’ve barely been able to pull myself out of bed since. I know I need to get back in with my psychiatrist, but the one I’ve been seeing is a nurse practitioner who has basically told me she’s not comfortable prescribing anything and wants to leave that up to my OB. My OB is pretty much useless. I can’t even get a word in with her. I’m rushed in and out of the office each and every time. I’m just so frustrated and feel like no one will listen. With this covid situation, it makes doctors visits that much harder. Just don’t know what to do at this point. My husband is incredibly supportive, but he struggles to understand this. It’s hard for him to understand there doesn’t have to be a particular reason for me to start crying randomly and doesn’t understand why it’s so hard for me to get out of bed. He tries, but he just doesn’t get it. I guess I’m looking for any type of support or advice that will help me get through this until I can get back in with my doctors because I’m almost at a breaking point.