I need some advice please. For about 6 years now I've been struggling with mental health. I don't even know what I have anymore, I get anxiety, OCD, depression, so overall I think I'm just a little bit of a mess. I dropped out of college a year ago, and since then, I've spent almost every day sitting in the same chair in my house and I feel like I just can't move half the time. I don't find joy in most of the things I used to and I push away everybody who could possibly care about me, leaving me with no-one. My weight goes up and down, since I'm often sleeping through the day, and just don't get up to eat. My sleeping pattern goes all over the place. I've tried to force myself to throw up a lot, and every now and then tried to starve myself. I feel like I'm two different people, and while one of me is fucking up my life, the other is watching and screaming at me for everything I'm doing wrong. I've self harmed before, started cutting my arms, but I haven't done that in a while. I seem to have subconsciously found other ways of harming myself though, like punching the wall and telling myself it was an accident, or pinching my skin, or digging my nails into my palms, or tearing hairs out. I'm also pretty scared to go near knives in case I do something to myself. I also seem to punish myself emotionally by constantly putting myself in situations that I know are going to fuck me over. I've been suicidal a lot. The only reason I know I wouldn't actually do it is because it would tear my family apart, since they'd all have something to blame each other for. I constantly think though, what if I could just disappear, without hurting anyone? It's a no brainer for me. But since I don't feel like killing myself is the right option just yet, I was hoping people could give me some advice. What's the best way to go about getting antidepressants? My local GP is shit, so they probably wouldn't prescribe it unless they saw me on a ledge with a rope around my neck 🙄 if you've got any ideas or advice, please let me know, in comments or dms x