To begin I’ll just explain my family structure. I am the youngest of three siblings (19, 23 & 30). I’ve always lived with both of my parents, but they actually can’t stand each other and it’s never been touched on, but I believe they’ve only stayed together for the sake of their kids. However, growing up my mom never worked. Mind you I was born in the year 2000, so since then she hasn’t been working & her exposure to the outside world was really limited. Her duties for most of my life were basically to keep the house neat & raise me and my siblings. My parents are both islanders & they are very old fashioned. But... I’ve grown to really resent my mother. When I was younger, she would display that motherly love & made sure I was always happy and going. But as I grew older it’s just as if she couldn’t keep up with me. My mind was growing & I was a curious child but I couldn’t converse with my mom because her emotions and reactions were really simple. I don’t know if she has much of a personality or she’s just really closed off. I try to educate her on some things but she genuinely insists her logic over mind. I don’t know much about her life, her family or really how she even feels because all she’s done in my life is clean, cook and be a house mom. My dad on the other hand was really present in my development & he’s the person I always went to when I had questions. I couldn’t go to my mom because I knew I couldn’t expect an answer. I didn’t expect educated answers from her. From a young age I just learned to doubt her in that aspect. None of my family members really talk to her either, just the daily needed communication to keep this household going. I have been suffering from ongoing depression and my relationship with my mom contributes to it heavily. I feel like she’s gonna die without me really knowing anything about her. She’s kind of a ghost in my life yet she’s always been here. My brothers, my dad and I have acknowledged her mental health for years but we’ve never taken the steps to get her a diagnosis or take her to a doctor. Actually, she’s so against hospitals that I don’t even remember the last time she’s been to a hospital. I’ve always been ashamed of her. I’ve known she was odd since I was little. I’ve been bottling up this confusion, anger and sadness for so many years. I don’t think it bothers my other family members as it does me. I’ve thought time and time again that maybe I’m thinking too critically of her, but I seriously think she’s weird lol. She has a cigarette addiction and I also considered that to contribute to how she acts but i’m unsure. Hopefully someone can understand my frustration and give me some words of wisdom idk. I also know this may be too vague so feel free to ask any questions.