Hi, this is my first ever post on Reddit and I have an idea which could increase the downforce levels of Formula 1 cars even more than the amount they produce right now. I'm only 15 and this is my first year of my GCSEs so bear in mind that I may be wrong. So, here's my idea, what if we add a slit in the underbody of the car, just before the diffuser begins (the upwards curve). The air forced through the slit will follow the curvature of the diffuser and will result in a decrease of pressure in the diffuser. Due to this, air underneath the underbody will accelerate towards the diffuser and due to Bernoulli's principle, the air pressure below the car is reduced which increases the difference in air pressure between the airflow below and above the car. This works using the same principles as a bladeless fan. The source of the air could be either an external intake or a turbine (similar to the turbo) attached to the MGU-H and turbo. An external intake would mean that the system would be more simple and therefore, more reliable but the downforce advantage would be less at slower speeds. The intake would also increase drag as well, but, I think this won't slow down a Formula 1 car down by a measurable amount since a Formula 1 car has a drag coefficient which is above 0.7. Just to put this in perspective, an average car has a drag coefficient of about 0.3. The other option is to have a turbine attached to the MGU-H and turbo. This would result in a downforce increase which is clear in all cornering situations and speeds as the advantage doesn't diminish at lower speeds. The disadvantage of such a solution is reliability. If the MGU-H fails, the turbo will take longer to spool up and so will the turbine. This would not only slow the car down in the acceleration zones but would also result in a loss of downforce at lower speeds which can result in taking the driver by surprise and causing a crash. There are also other potential uses of the solution such as adding a slit on the underside of the front and/or rear wing and forcing air through there. The same thing will happen where the air underneath the wing will accelerate and decrease in pressure, leading to a greater difference in pressure between air flowing above and below the wing, leading to an increase in downforce.