The other day I was looking for a new game franchise to begin but I have played most of the successful (and unsuccesful) recent ones (and many old ones as well). I wasn't able to find something to peak my interest, so I thought about the Metal Gear games of which I was never a fan of. One thing about my preferences, although I like animes and japanese culture, for some reason I could never enjoy japanenese game design and especially their convoluted nonsensical-wanna be philosophical more than to make sense kind of plot. I say that because I was sceptical about giving this franchise a chance cause although I knew it was more of a western-spy kind of story, I also knew that the story gets really complicated and has a lot of those japanese style game elements that I am not fond of (for example anime-like enemies with weird psychic powers or crazy revived robot ninjas. But luckily for me I gave it the benefit of the doubt and started at the very beginning, by watching some videos about the story of metal gear 1 and 2 and initiated my metal gear solid playthrough. Already from the briefing menu I was captivated of how interesting the premise was and of how analytically the game presented itself to the player so he can immerse himself right from the beginning. One other thing about me, I really value the story in a game usually more than the gameplay itself. As a result, many of the times I try to play some really good old games I usually give up after an hour of frustrating and clanky gameplay and I watch a playthrough to enjoy the story and try the next intallment of the franchise which hopefully is more recent and playable (according to today's standards). So you can imagine that my first impression of mgs1 gameplay wasn't really good. But something about the game and its story kept me going. Now after I have played for some hours and finished the psycho mantis boss fight I can say this. I FUCKING LOVE THIS GAME. I am truly shocked with myself of how much I enjoy a pixelated, with a top down camera, 22 years old game. I love the story so far, the fleshed out characters, how deep and troubled the villains are, the mystery that surrounds the plot, solid snake' s personality, motives and the way he flirts. An even bigger surprise for me, I enjoy the hell out of this gameplay. The stealth, how the quests are given organically through radio-dialogue and the breakage of the fourth wall like Meryl'w frequency on the back of the manual, and psycho mantis' fight with the second controller. My gosh how can an old game like that be such a fresh experience. Hell no am I ruining the experience with watching a walkthrough, I 'm gonna play the shit out of this masterpiece.