First time I tried it was back in November, did it for a week straight (still slept a fair amount, plenty of water, nutrition) but after my last day I had a HORRIBLE flare up on my left side under my armpit. (Snorted and mostly smoked btw) Panicked bc I thought it was heart related but I’ve had blood work, ekg, etc and everything looked great. I did as much research as I could and came to my own conclusion that it WAS the shit messing with my digestive system and my crippling health anxiety telling me it was cardiovascular. Primary said it was probably an “intestinal spasm” ( I’ve had GI issues for years but never this intense) put the shit down bc I was paranoid as fuck telling myself the docs are wrong and my heart was slowly failing... obviously not the case. I hadn’t touched it until a week ago. First couple of days I was on top of the world, mild heartburn turned into SEVERE heartburn that lasted hours, on my fourth and LAST day (mind you, I was still sleeping regularly and pounding down water, eating, etc) The left side pain struck again except I felt pains in my left leg (anxiety convinced me I had a blood clot lol) then the shooting pains moved to my left arm. Left arm pains lasted for days ( I was sober) until I drove myself crazy enough to go to the emergency room. Here we go again, EKG, blood work, X-ray everything looked great. Docs Concluded it was a pulled muscle/ pinched nerve. Why the fuck would it make me feel like I have heartburn under my armpit? Maybe I’m uneducated, idk. I love crystal and I really only use it when I’ve run out of adderall. Can’t be honest w docs about drug use or else I’ll get my prescription revoked (adderall IR and .5 mg alprazolam as needed) If anyone else has had this problem, what do you do? I am constantly anxious with or without drugs and my body is super tense so I thought about getting some magnesium/potassium. Not sure what to do about the god awful heartburn. This last time around I snorted mostly, hotrailed a couple times and I felt AMAZING