Does anyone else feel like everything is boring and dull after recovering from meth addiction? The only time I ever feel any kind of interest in life is if I’m learning something new or around people who share similar situations and can relate. I feel like I am just observing everything that is happening around me and it doesn’t feel like real life. While I was using I would go up to six days without sleep and it caused hallucinations and delusions. Once me and my friend thought my house plants were moving on their own and we thought that we were manipulating the plants energy with healing crystals. We believed that the drugs brought us to a different dimension where we could see things differently.  That was only one of the many outlandish things that happened. I was always trying to learn by researching and experimenting while I was high. I was also into topics like astrology, psychology, psychics, mind control, telepathy, etc. I don’t know if the hallucinations are a reason why I feel so disconnected from the rest of the world. I remember at times not even recognizing myself when I would look in the mirror. Sometimes I would look at my hand and it would seem like it wasn’t a part of me. I started lucid dreaming while I was using. Once it seemed like I was awake laying in my bed and I was able to bend my lamp stand by using my mind and concentrating. Lately I’ve been having dreams where Im aware I’m dreaming and realize I can control my dream. Recently I met my brother in my dream and we were both aware that we were dreaming. We got all excited about it and decided to try and fly. I held his hand so we could fly together ( and that felt so real we were in shock)... we flew for a while and things faded and I woke up. So, now when I try to do any activities of daily living, hang out with family, go out with friends, etc. I am bored, dull, and disconnected. It’s to the point that I don’t even want to be around people. Hence why I’m blabbering in about this to complete strangers. Everything that happened to me and my experiences while I was using were so extreme and out of this world that nothing else could possibly excite me. I feel numb.