It's been almost 30 years since it all began. What would change my view of the world and people in it happened fast. I was 5/6 years old when it started and for the next four years near the end of my 4th grade finally brought it to and end. My neighbor was one of the only people in my life that I had thought was kind to me. Being part of an abusive family and school not being much different I would spend time alone in the woods or over at the neighbors. I remember everything about what happened in detail. There was a point towards the end where school taught us about sexual education. I felt and still feel creepy. Like I can't wash off the thoughts and feeling from it all. Knowing I had nothing good from what I thought was the once nice things for me is quite painful. I have so much trust issues from it now. How do I know when people are being honest and true. How can I now believe truths when most people are not honest. Even deeper still how can I have a meaningful emotional bond with someone I care for deeply and be able to get physical without these memories hashing up. I've spent many years trying to understand my emotions and trying to understand or forgive that sick demented person for there actions. I've been unable to actually forgive on either end. I feel disgusted at myself so much and feel like I'm undeserving of good things because of the feelings I have about these events. Ive reached the point where I can no longer hide from all this. And I know I need to communicate more about it then just this post here. I hope to gain some insight as to how to move on past all this pain. How to cope with loving people and being fully myself. I know I need to build courage to speak about it with those close to me. But with the nature of it I'm weirded out about having to speak about my being raped and molested multiple times before the age of 10. People can't help but feel pity and disgust. I don't want to be pitied I just need help understanding myself after it and how to get back my sexuality that I keep hidden out of fear of being seen. I wish I could erase my memory of this whole ordeal. I want to go into details of it in hopes it may heal and help me forget but it's so much emotionally I'm terrified of it. Thank you all for listening..