Walking my two beagles one day lead to six months out of work recovering from surgery. Little buggers.  My story begins in April.  As I was bending down to pick up after them, they saw a rabbit or something behind me, and took off after the chase.  They yanked me backwards but I was able to avoid falling by planting my foot behind me.  I felt an immediate pain in my right glute, which slowly traveled to my lower back. I eventually felt like I had "thrown my back out," which was nothing abnormal for me.  So I thought nothing of it.  Except when it hadn't improved by six weeks later.  Also, that nagging pain had also begun to shift to include my left glute.   I was convinced for awhile that it was my piriformis muscle, though a runner I am not.  I tried physical therapy moves for the piriformis muscle, and even went to an urgent care where I was given anti-inflammatories, but nothing help.  Getting out of bed in the morning was difficult because the pain in my glute was terrible, but it would ease up as the day went on.  Then it happened. Then end of June.   I woke up early to get ready for a wedding.  As I rolled over to get out of bed, I was hit with a pain I have never felt before.  I could help but scream out and squirm.  My husband tried to help me out of bed but I immediately fell to the floor.  I was never in such agony.  Two hours it took for him to help my to the living room. I had to get an ambulance to the hospital.  MRI showed a herniated disc.  But a "mild" case.   Steroids and pain meds were prescribed.   Along with physical therapy and a cortisone injection.  Nothing helped.  I had the option of trying a second cortisone injection, uncovered by insurance of course, or consider surgery.   I agonized over that decision.  Would the second injection help? Or just delay my return to work.  I should add I was on unpaid leave.  Cortisone injections help reduce inflammation and "may" help cause the disc to recede back in place.  But Cortisone is a limited returns kind of medication. You can only get it so many times before it loses it's effectiveness in you.  As a 40 something years young person, I didn't want to waste the cortisone that I might need in my later years.  Also, I just felt if "there's something hanging out of place, shouldn't I just remove it?"  Surgery didn't frighten me.  So I opted for surgery and decided to see a Neurosurgeon.  My surgery was scheduled for the end of August.   The reason my "mild" herniation didn't improve like the expected was discovered during my surgery.  My disc had adhered it's self to the dural sac (surrounds the spinal nerves) with scar tissue.  Unfortunately that means the surgeon couldn't remove it all.  SO, my nerve is still pinched.  BUT the pain is nowhere near what it was, and I have been able to return to work.  Would I get the surgery again, knowing it wouldn't be a complete success?  Absolutely.  I may still have sciatic pain, but I can function.