Hey guys, If you’ve seen my last Reddit post, a few days ago I’ve been feeling flu-like symptoms (headache, full body weakness, chills and slight nausea) without fever. I just turned 20 years old, I have no underlying conditions (maybe ibs or acid reflux) but my parent and my sister have anemia or some sort of iron deficiency. I haven’t gone to the doctor due to COVID-19 (which really sucks because I have work next week and I probably have to tell my boss that I’m sick). I’ve ruled out coronavirus (I have been stuck at my parents house for about a month, we have been sanitizing, delivering food and groceries) and I have no symptoms of cough, fever or shortness of breath, however, a few weeks ago, I had this random rib cage pain. I called the doctor on this app and they told me to take 400 mg of ibuprofen which was really bad because not only did it not work but I have a history of stomach ulcers. I also took acetaminophen and it didn’t work either. So I called them back and they prescribed omeprazole and Celecoxib. I took it together for the first and second day and realized it wasn’t working and it was making me dizzy in the first few mins of taking it. So I stopped. I took the omeprazole twice in the past and it was fine and I had no side effects but now I am feeling increasingly weak everyday and I’m getting this awful migraine. Everyday I feel so exhausted, but not sleepy, I’ve taken my temperature a few times and it’s normal(97.6-98.9). Everytime I get up or lie down my head feels so heavy. I never had these symptoms in my whole entire life. I thought it was maybe low blood pressure but I’m now I’m very unsure reading horror stories about nexaplanon causing flu like symptoms and terrible headaches/migraines. I read a story about a girl who had the implant and she was having terrible headaches due to a fluid build up in her brain and I’m so scared that this might be happening to me. Last night I couldn’t sleep because of my migraine and this morning I had to take a combo pill of caffeine, an aspirin and acetaminophen because it was so hard to stand up with out feeling like there was a heavy rock on my head. I could test to see if I have anemia but if I don’t have it then I have to get my nexaplanon removed. I really don’t want to because I have been having a great time with this birth control until now. I had it inserted this year on Feb 20th and I never had any real problems with it. Got it inserted with no problems and had slight cramping in my uterus for like one to two days. I have also been spotting ever since this started happening so I’m afraid that this is all due to the implant. I also don’t know when I will have it removed if push comes to shove. I can’t keep taking these pills as I feel like they’re adding to the reason why I have these migraines and weakness and also my mental health (bc of my history of stomach ulcers). If my iron level test comes out negative, should I take the implant out or should I wait and give it a few months while taking aspirin?