For those in the migraine spectrum that are 24/7, 365(& every four years 366), on the pain scale of 6 to 10 adding points to make it less depressing.. yes today is a 9.3. When in reality a 1-10 pain scale is an extremely poor attempt at trying to gauge pain. When chronic pain feels like it needs to find a name that is some how even more chronic. Like new daily persistent headaches, which some how diminishes the fact that you are still having a migraine. If I have an aura that comes and goes  sometimes lasting hours, vomiting on a sliding scale of every 24-64 hours, never having a moment without pain less then a 6, and constantly feel like a young Superhero that can not control his or her enhanced vision, hearing, and sense of touch and smell, I am pretty certain it’s not just a headache. And don’t even get me started on people saying “just a headache”. It’s seems as though gravity itself hurts. My days can completely depend on the pressure systems in the atmosphere and anytime I change elevations you can forget about being functional. I found over the years myself not being able to sleep with clothes or blankets on because they were too heavy and kept me up, once asleep I can pull a blanket over me, but I cannot fall asleep with them on me. This is a beast unlike any other that I would never wish on anything capable of processing pain or conscious thought. I find that sleep is often times the only time I am not hurting, although that is not always the case and seemingly increasingly more rare than prominent. There are times when even in my dreams,  my head hurts. Or I will wake in the middle of the night from the insane jackhammer that is currently going to town on my inner ear canal. But those moments are not the worst, the worst is when you are sleeping blissfully to be awoken by your own sweat dripping down your stomach and freezing cold shivers that grip your entire body, having to repurpose soaking wet blankets because one side is dryer then your sheets and having to then try and fall back asleep before the pounding keeps you from falling back asleep. Only to wake another hour or so later from more sweat dripping, to repurpose more blankets. Are there any other migraine patients out there that find themselves sleeping hot like this and on nights they sleep this way have worse migraines the following day?