Hello! I’m currently a junior in high school (female) and I am definitely going to enlist after high school. I am very physically fit and active. I’m a Naval Sea Cadet and have spoke with many active duty personnel about different careers in the military from petty officers, master chiefs, army majors, army colonels and corporals. I know a lot about each branch and the military in general (obviously I don’t know about actual experience). I like the Navy and enjoy the lifestyle. I don’t mind being on a ship and if I enlisted in the Navy I would graduate boot camp as an E-3 (for other branches I would graduate as an E-2). My end goal is to work for a three letter agency, mainly the FBI as a special agent. I plan on working on my degree while active (if given the time to) or after my service. I was looking to acquire an accounting degree or computer science/cyber security degree. However, I’m not sure if I want to join the Navy. I am a very versatile person who enjoys a mix of everything! I’m very torn between which branch I should join. Air Force and Navy seem the best technology wise but I was also looking to enlist and apply when I hit E-4 for CID in the Army (assuming I have my associates by then) For me, I am not looking into the Marine Corps. The Coast Guard looks like a great option especially LE wise but I get sea sick on small vessels (fine on ships though). I was looking into a wide variety of jobs from CT (CTN or CTR), SIGINT, HUMINT, 31B (for CID), and whatever the Air Force jobs are for intel or cyber. I like to get my hands dirty and get my hands on a rifle every now and then. I was really looking for a job that would give me a Top secret security clearance but realistically I don’t want a desk job. In the end I guess it’s fine but I am very intelligent and I also like adventure. I know every branch has their own B.S but I feel like the Army would be the most immature. What is SIGINT in the Army like? Which job would help me most for the FBI. I know FBI doesn’t care as much specifically as to what your job in the military was unless you have a specific skill such as cyber, language, etc.  Which branch has most opportunities for pursuing education, training, promotion? Is promotion in the Air Force slow? How fast could I make E-4 in the Army if I went 31B? My biggest question, which I know in the end is up to me, is what branch is right for me? Every branch has something I like and they all look pretty even in my eyes. I am mainly looking at Navy and Army right now (Air Force too but I don’t know their jobs as well). Thank you sorry that this was very long!