 I had likely the most uneventful time in the military out of everyone on this subreddit, so I'll just share some memories I had of BCT. I was national guard, so like bare minimum, enlist just so I can say I did, see if I like it-type (I didn't). Going into it, I already stood out. 18 years old 5'5" tall, on the heavier side, Jewish kid from New York. I had made a few friends, but no one that I really buddied around with. I was generally stuck with my bunkmate who I did not get along with. Around white phase, I decided that 31B OSUT sucks, and I don't want to be here anymore, that I'd rather go learn a better skill and not be a cop. I started the process of transferring, because my state needed 88M's. Around the end of BCT, I was getting a lot of shit, partially because I was switching MOS's and partially because they always had to pull a battle buddy for me so I could go to synagogue on Sunday. I ended up failing the final PT anyways by 10 seconds which I don't have an excuse for other than the fact that I can't run. I got sent to "fat camp" and coming back a week later after passing. These dudes had all moved on to AIT and I was stuck to hang out with the PFT's while my paperwork went through. To them I was a total shitbag, even though I graduated BCT same as them, but because I was switching to 88M, I was subhuman. I had my stuff trashed, stolen, people walked away so I wouldn't have a battle buddy, but within 10 days, the one person who got me through it, my Drill Seargent who wouldn't let me opt to get chaptered out, dropped me off at AIT with the 88M's. My school was 6 weeks, rather than 10, so I was getting home a few weeks earlier than my former classmates. Truck school was great. I had a dorm, computer access here and there, and eventually got to go off post a few times. But the end all, be all moment that made it all worth it was wandering post in civvies the Sunday before graduation, and seeing my the kids from my old platoon that used to bully me. They were being corralled by their DS outside the PX, still wearing eyepro everywhere, still required to get a buzz cut every 2 weeks. I cracked the biggest smile and strolled past those kids, both parties knowing that the MP's didn't get to go home for another 3 weeks, and I would be getting drunk with my highschool friends within 48 hours.