I've been struggling my whole life. I done blocked out most of my childhood, hurts to remember it but sometimes little pieces come back to me, but I still can't piece together when or how long ago things happened. Been depressed my whole life, sometimes I'd feel alot better, but only for a few months before the depression would set back in. Was bullied my entire childhood for having a physical deformity in my left arm and shoulder. Started experiencing suicidal thoughts at a young age and still have them every day, lots of intrusive thoughts like imagining horrible scenarios where my friends or family die or get seriously injured, sometimes have thoughts about hurting people and myself. I don't want to have these thoughts but they always come. I have had multiple head injuries, at least 3 concussions, and at least 3 other times where I hit my head extremely hard. I was finally diagnosed with ADHD and bipolar a few months ago, but I'm afraid it's not that simple. Although I've experienced ADHD and bipolar symptoms my whole life, I learned to cope by using drugs. I started with smoking cigarettes, then weed and alcohol, I didn't start using them as much until I got older around 17 yr old but I have been smoking as much weed as I want whenever I want for the past 4 or 5 years. I am 22 years old. I mostly tried to only stick with natural substances but a couple years ago I tried shrooms a few times, then for some reason I decided to do Molly, I didn't even test it. But I abused the hell out of and had a few different binges where I'd be rolling for 2-3 days straight, this left me extremely depressed and I eventually started doing alot of shrooms to try to get that high again. I was abusing shrooms at some point and finally slowed down on them, but then I discovered LSD, i fell in love from the first time I tried it. First time I took 300ug, it was one of my best trips, I've never really had a bad trip, life is a bad trip. I've done LSD too many times to count now, many of those times I would end up ingesting over 1000micrograms. Several times I'd take around 6 or 700ug, most I've taken was 2400ug. None of these trips really compared to my first trip, not Visual wise. Before anybody tells me I had bad LSD, don't even start, my roommate would take 1 tab of the same exact stuff and have hallucinations so strong he would see things that weren't there. I stopped hallucinating a long time ago unless I have gel tabs and take a good amount (unless I've actually been taking a tolerance break). I was using LSD pretty much every week for a few months and sometimes I'd try for 2 or 3 times in a week. I've finally stopped using it, but I still crave it, I still want to go get some tabs right now. Even though it's putting me at greater risk for schizophrenia, I still would do more LSD if it was in front of me right now. Lately I've been having great difficulty establishing what is real and what isn't. I can hardly focus on anything, my thoughts are all over the place. I'm having great difficulty even typing this out. The intrusive thoughts are getting worse and I'm starting to believe that they are auditory hallucinations, but I don't know because I think they're in my own voice and I don't think they're coming from outside of my head. Another thing is I've been experiencing really bad paranoia for a long time and it's progressively getting worse especially after abusing all those hallucinagens. I don't even know where I'm going with this is so much more complicated there's so much left unsaid. My grandmother had schizophrenia, my mom's brother was always trying to hurt people that didn't deserve it. My mom sever depression, PTSD and multiple personality disorder(dissociative disorder), and possibly ADHD. My dad definitely has OCD, his family is definitely mentally ill as well. I've been smoking weed since I was 12 and all those brain injuries as well as the genetic and environmental factors, and then there's the LSD abuse, all these things have lead up to now. And now I think I am developing schizophrenia. I probably already said that. I feel like I'm delusional, and I feel like I'm better than everyone, and I feel like nobody understands me, and I "overreact" to everything. I think I have bad narcissistic traits, but I also believe I'm an empath. I don't know how to make sense of anything life is all too overwhelming but I want nothing more than to be able to experience life. But I also want to kill myself, I don't think I deserve to live, but I have too many responsibilities to do anything, too many lives around me that would be affected. Sometimes I just wish I was completely alone so that I could act on all these thoughts telling me to kill myself or telling me I deserve to die. I don't want to live like this anymore but I also just want to do more drugs and low-key want to be schizophrenic. If I am on the schizophrenic spectrum, I believe I'd have schizoaffective disorder bipolar type. Its just fucked up because so many of the symptoms overlap and I just can't determine what's actually going on. I just want to know if I'm actually hallucinating. I'm always so paranoid, but I have this sense that I could get away with anything as long as I'm not hurting someone else. But sometimes I want to hurt people, but only the people that hurt the innocent. But I still have thoughts about hurting people who don't deserve it, I don't know why. I don't know if I'm hearing something or if it's a voice or if it's my own voice or just a picture in my head.  Call me crazy, but I think I might be crazy.