This will probably get buried by other posts. I’ve been wondering how this could’ve happened for years.
Back in 2013 or 2014, on mc java, it was version 1.7.x or 1.8.x , I was walking in the middle of a savannah. I remember a hill to my right, only 20-30 blocks tall and not very steep. There were a few horses around me and the item I remember having in my inventory was a diamond sword. That is what I remember for sure. Some other things I’m pretty sure happened but I’m not sure on: I remember hearing Cave Sound 13, the one that sounds like the echo of the wind, also on the left, I remember either more savannah or a Plains biome but I remember it so vaguely that I’m not sure. This is what happens after: I’m walking through the savannah on peaceful mode, no potion effects, I’m not in lava or on fire, there’s no holes I could’ve fallen in (and I know I didn’t fall in a hole). The diamond sword is in the farthest left spot on my hotbar, and all of the sudden, I begin taking damage. Every 2-3 seconds, I take exactly two hearts of damage. I was a kid when this happened and I was scared really bad. I exited the world when I was either on two or four hearts (I don’t remember which) and my heart is racing. I was so confused. I’m not 100% sure but i may have went back on the world and I’m pretty sure I stopped taking damage. After that, I left the world and never went back. I’m not sure where the world is today, but it was on an old laptop, which barely works now so it seems unlikely I’ll ever find the world again.
A few more things were that I’m pretty sure I wasn’t walking anywhere specifically like a house, just wandering around. I had only played on the world for around 1-2 hours so I only had a diamond sword, and a few other items that I don’t remember. The last thing is I know for certain it wasn’t a block glitch because I was able to sprint, walk, crouch, and jump. This was also a single player world with no way any players could join. 6-7 years later and I’m still very confused. So my question is: Is there any known reason this could’ve happened, or an explanation for how? I’ve been curious all these years and I am desperate to know. If anyone has any ideas, please let me know. Thanks.