 You ran excitedly off the school bus and into your house. You greet you mom quickly before running upstairs to your room. Happily, you logged into your Minecraft account, forgetting about you’re homework and telling yourself you’d “do it tonight,” even though that was a huge lie. You wouldn’t do it at all.    You grinned when you saw the notification pop up that your best online friend, CreeperDude927, invited you to their world. Of course you accepted the offer. You guys talked and talked, soon decided you’d start a new project! You’d build an amusement park.  The two of you talked and builder for hours. You only got about half the amusement park done.  “Hey dude, I’ve got to go. I’ll see you tomorrow? Build the rest of our amusement park?”  You frowned when you realized your best friend had to leave. But hey! At least you could build more tomorrow!  “Gotcha! Cya bud.”  After your friend logged off you decided you would too. Besides, it was much more boring without a friend.   The next morning when you got home from school you once again immediately logged onto Minecraft. You saw that your friend wasn’t online yet, you shrugged it off and went into your two shared world.  Time passed and you realized CreeperDude927 never went online. You frowned, but stayed optimistic. Maybe he was just sick?  Days, weeks, a month. CreeperDude927 never logged on. You took a shaky breath. Maybe he was grounded?  A year.  A year passed by. Now you were in 7th grade and you didn’t have time for Minecraft. However it always made you feel nostalgic when seeing the video games logo. One day, you decide you’d log on.  That’s when you see his username. CreeperDude927. A sad smile appeared on your face as you checked his profile, thinking you’d see the “logged on last - 1 year ago.”   But instead - you see this : “Online”  You gasp in surprise. You decided you'd message him.  The two of you messaged for about an hour. Then, it was decided. You’d finish your amusement park you abandoned over a year ago.  The two of you spent all night finishing your amusement park, but it was the best night of your life.