So if you've spent a lot of time browsing the minecraft wiki version history like me, you may have stumbled upon the page for version inf-20100611. The one thing that makes this one special is it is listed as the first version of the game to feature the monolith glitch, with the only evidence being a screenshot of an early world rendering script that notch wrote and put on his blog some time in 2010. Upon glancing at the image, you just think, "wow what a coincidence! notch accidentally found the first ever monolith glitch." Well... it turns out this isn't the case after all. Long story short, I was playing around with this version because I was curious and used an NBT editor to change my coordinates to be in the farlands. After a little while I just walked around looking at them until I noticed something kinda odd about the world, there was a mountain that appeared so tall that it got cut off by the world height limit. I thought about it some more and looked around the world a little more and concluded this about this version: the terrain height amplification number that notch set in this version has got to be much higher than in later versions of infdev and alpha because that's the only thing that can explain why some really tall mountains are having flat tops because of them reaching the height limit. Around this point, I also remembered about that screenshot of the world rendering tool that notch made and thought, "hey maybe there's a chance that that supposed monolith is just a really big mountain that was cut off by the height limit in this version so it makes it looks kinda like a monolith and since the resolution in the image is so low, it passes off as a monolith." I went and looked back at the image again and now i'm pretty convinced that my theory is correct. On the image where the supposed monolith is, there's a few things to be noticed that are kinda odd. On the right side of it, there is what has got to be some really high terrain that blends well towards the side of it. If this was a real monolith, there's just no conceivable way that terrain could be that high anywhere near, let alone right next to it. There is also kinda the same thing on the other side too but less apparent. At first I was really confused until something that I'll mention later that got me stuck because the bottom of the supposed monolith looks very much like a monolith should, very sharp 90 degree chunky bits that aren't really smooth at all, but with a small overhang? At first I thought maybe it could be a strange hybrid of a mountain and a monolith but now i'm convinced that this is just a mountain. I hopped back on this version of the game and started generating some worlds until I found one with a giant mountain with a flat top near spawn and guess what... one face of the mountain has chunky monolith style edges. It was finding this mountain in game that convinced me, that the screenshot of notch's map renderer does not contain a monolith. I'm not even entirely sure if monoliths can even be generated in this version, maybe so, maybe not. And also just to be certain, I loaded up the world that I generated in an old build of mcedit and flew around this monolithy looking mountain to get a better view of it and everything fit the description of the supposed monolith from notch's map renderer. You have sharp monolithy style edges as mentioned before, smooth terrain on some bits that were up real high, and on the back side of the mountain, there was some regularish looking overhangs and stuff. I know many people won't care about this but it's something that I discovered and some may find it interesting. And probably nobody would have noticed this until me randomly messing around with a bizarre old version of the game lol.