All you have to do is look at some of the post on this page and it will make you sick. I have to think a lot of you have never been anywhere or done anything on top of it, with your holier-than-thou attitude and uppity snippy remarks about your fellow Missouri brothers and sisters in other post Are disgusting. Not very inclusive or tolerant are we? Completely judgemental and that is probably the worst type of person. So I found out three days ago from one of my utility companies let's just say that my social security number for the last year and 7 months is being used in another state find an illegal alien! I blame you it is your fault and you fucking suck for your retarded ways of looking at things. The process that I have now started is going to take up so much time that I do not have for to fix this and all you liberal people can do is talk about how hick your Missouri brothers and sisters are. You think that you're so Metropolitan living in St Louis which is a dump Said has been destroyed by democrats and you are basically a one Cowtown! But you probably don't remember where that came from either? I am so sick to my stomach right now because of this, it is a big damn deal. Your president and mine tried to stop stuff like this from happening this is not isolated. I would have to think that you disgusting drug pot smoking liberals would probably rather have criminals they're crossed our borders illegally raping you women and stealing everybody's hard-earned money then drive to a place like let's just say Johnson shut-ins? Too many hicks i understand once you get out of KC and STL? You are also full of your Metropolitan cells you think you are all so great while you shame people from your isolation bunkers. y'all need to shut the fuck up if you ask me if you don't know nothing. It is not racist to protect Americans from illegal Acts stealing Social Security numbers. Is it good thing that I have a very sympathetic individual on the inside that gets me off and now I am taking matters into my own hands and we'll take care of this myself I was given the guys name I was given a guy's address. Its on now, you people really need to look at the filth and hate you spew. I can flat-out tell you that's St Louis city is probably the worst part of the state of Missouri. Missouri was voted the number one camping state. Missouri has shit tons bad ass rivers and lakes to go float tripping on. Go take a hike, go on a float trip, take a road trip to Birch Tree Missouri. Go find a place called Allie spring! Go to the top of elephant rock and look around. You are some sick pathetic individuals. Is your fault when a citizen is killed by an illegal criminal it is your fault that my social security is now in Jeopardy.  but hey it's Friday everything is open up now you can get out and blow the stink off of you, or better yet stay the fuck inside so we can't look at you ugly ass people