 I've never seen a single flaw in him. Not one. He's beautiful and talented and sweet and funny. The past month we were dating he'd been giving me less attention, caring about me less, not talking to me very much in the little time we got to spend together. It turns out that he hadn't loved me for that entire month. Still, it hurts more that he's gone than the fact that one month of love was fake. I'd rather it keep being fake than not be his anymore. I knew it was coming but I couldn't do anything to stop it. I cried so hard and my heart ached so much. I texted him and asked him if he still loved me. He said "for now". I said "so that means no?" God I hate myself so much. I wish I'd never asked that question or replied to what he said. He said "honestly" "not really anymore". It hurts so much. We talked about it for a while and he kept saying "I'm too bad of a person to care about you enough" or "you'll do better without having to care about me all the time". He's the person that inspired me to be better. The reason I tried harder, the reason I got up in the mornings. The reason I didn't want to kill myself every day anymore, the reason why I didn't hurt myself whenever the urge came. The only person I could really trust. He told me "you're still fun to hang out with and stuff, but I'm not really attracted to you anymore". I don't know what I did wrong and he kept telling me that it wasn't me at all, that i hadn't changed at all. Maybe I wasn't enough in the first place and he just realized it. It hurts so so much it's been almost a day and I'm still leaking tears. My throat hurts and feels tight and my head hurts so much. My heart aches, and it's the worst ache I've ever felt. God, Connor I'm so sorry I couldn't be enough and I don't know what I did or didn't do and I know you're happier without me, so it's alright. I care about you so much. Remember the night when we confessed to each other and one of us said "I think I'm having a fever dream"? It feels like I just woke up. I want to go back to sleep forever, and keep on dreaming that dream because it was all I've ever wanted. And despite the fact that I would do anything to get you back and that I'm hoping and praying this is some fucked nightmare, I'm glad you're free. I love you <3