The Call of Duty community is, this year especially, never satisfied with anything they are given. They have this "me, me, me, I want it now" attitude that is honestly disgusting. They all believe the game should be hand-tailored to their liking, complaining about OP weapons and streaks and perks, UP weapons, streaks, and perks. They demand innovation, then whine when they get new and fresh takes on the series (A.K.A innovation). "WE DON'T WANT SMALL THREE LANE MAPS THEY'RE ALL THE SAME AND THEY'RE TRASH!" Crying out for bigger, more open maps such as the ones from the early games. Whining that the maps are too small, the maps are too big. Enter Modern Warfare. This game took all the innovation the community has been demanding and gave it to them on the most polished, shiniest silver platter the franchise has ever seen. Enter the community. "What the hell? These big, open maps we've been demanding for years have too many options for movement! We want small maps!" Enter Shoot House, roughly a month later. A small, three lane map, exactly the type thats been bitched about for years and exactly what the community said they never wanted again. "This is the best map in the game! We want this map 24/7/365!" I feel no need to elaborate this point further; just scroll through this sub for a while. It won't take long. They say they want innovation. They say they want something new. They get the innovation and new stuff they demand, and they shit all over it. "We don't want new stuff! We want this game to be exactly like the old CoD!" First off, if they wanted a game that's exactly the same year after year with a new coat of paint, maybe CoD isn't the series they're looking for. It never has been. The first few games were WWII centered, but starting at CoD 4? Every game was different from the last in some major way. Yes, we went back to WWII after CoD 4. But it was still different. It was a return to CoD's roots with the new features and technology they had created the year before, including killstreaks and customizable classes; the two biggest staples of CoD. Second, if you want proof, I direct you again to scroll through the sub. You'll find a ton of posts saying "We want \[map from previous game\]!" "We want \[gun from previous game\]!" Then when they finally get it, guess what they do. They shit on it. Look at Shipment and Rust. Those were two maps that were demanded almost from day one. Now, everyone is saying the maps they wanted so badly are shit and unplayable. This needs to stop. Let these developers make the game they are passionate about and let them do it their way. They pull the devs in so many different directions and demand so many conflicting things that I wouldn't be surprised if this year's lack of communication and community involvement is due to them saying "Fuck it. We don't care anymore. They can play what we give them and either like it or play something else." If this is the case, I applaud them for finally growing a pair to stand up to this incredibly toxic community and tell them to stuff it, and I admonish the toxic community for ruining that for all of us. Modern Warfare is becoming the beacon of everything wrong with this community. They want too many things, then when they get what the developers can give them, they don't want it anymore. It just keeps flipping between wanting new stuff and wanting every game to be a perfect, flawless remaster of a previous game. Here's a tip, you want to play on Crash, Bog, Backlot, literally any other map from CoD 4? There's a game that came out in 2016 called "Modern Warfare Remastered" that might interest you. Stop demanding the same goddamned maps. Let the developers make a new game, not the same one they've already made twice. The CoD community just needs to grow the hell up and realize that not everything is going to go their way all the time. It's the most self-centered, entitled, hateful, and childish community I have ever been a part of, and I am ashamed.