  My daughter is 22, shes beautiful, smart , works a great job at a local C.U. she owns her own home, new car, works 2 jobs and pays all her bills on time. but, she is also insecure and doesn't give herself enough credit on how much she is actually worth! So, heres the story (I truly apologize if its long). My daughter has been dating a man for a little over a year. I've met this guy only a handful of times. One of those times was at 10 a.m with a beer in his hand. My daughter 1st told us he was 27, then we found out no hes in his 30s (my daughter said 32). At christmas we caught our daughter in the 8th+ lie about this guy. It gave me a very weird feeling as a mom. I have noticed little changes over the past few months that raise red flags. My daughter and I have always been very close, but now we go weeks without talking or texting., so this mom decided to have a back ground check on the guy. What do I find out, #1 hes actually 35, 8 years ago he got busted by the DEA and other local law enforcement agencies for manufacturingand selling meth!, he has a history of beating woman, has a 14 year old son, and works a job you would expect a high schooler to work. He still lives with his parents and is considered a felon! I brought all of this up to my daughter, told her she way better than someone like this. Of course she defended this tooth and nail. My intuition is saying my child is being mentally or emotionally abused.  I told her I would never be able to give her and that guy my blessing, nor would I ever be able to be in the same vicinity of this guy because I will say and do things I shouldn't. I've uncovered a lot more disturbing facts about this person since the background check.  I am 1000% scared and nervous she is in something so deep, and she just refuses to see it. What do I do, what can I do? Its almostlikeshes so desperate to be loved by a man she lowers her standards to ground level. I'm not sure if its because she doesnt think she is worthy, or because she has a very poor self image of herself. Am I wrong for telling her I cant give my blessing to her and and him? Am I the asshole in all this? Should I just keep my nose out of it and let her figure out the inevitable pain and hurt I know she will feel probably sooner rather than later.