I just finished 9th grade and it was most definitely the worst year of my entire life. Not only was I only insane levels of stress (to the point where I was constantly sick since my immune system was suffering from it and I even had to go see a neurologist). Due to my extreme levels of stress I was isolating myself from people but I still kept in touch with my closest friend, my best friend, sadly I only realized that our 2 year long friendship wasn’t because she wanted to be my friend but she was using me the entire time (I have straight As and I would help her with math since I was in the same math class as her even though she was a year older than me, I’d also help her with her 10th grade homework and consult her through her problems). And when I realized our friendship was based off of lies and using me, I had to discuss it with her, and I have told this girl every dirty detail about my life since I trusted her a lot, and I think she realized I caught on and manipulated the situation and told me things and reminded me of things that I wish I could forget. Sadly this isn’t where it ended, she ended up manipulating every single one of my friends into turning their backs to me and bullying me every single day for 5 months, she even told her mom every secret that I have ever told her and her mom told my mom, so that was awful. Only two of my friends ended up staying by my side in the end and I cherish them so much, but I’m awfully scared of being hurt like this again so I can’t open up to them about everything. However things started taking a turn for the better when quarantine started, as I didn’t have to sit there whilst hearing them whispering and giggling at my expense behind my back every single day, and I took the time to start trying to learn to love myself and realize that I could not have done anything to prevent this. Luckily after a month I was starting to believe myself, and could you imagine! My die hard friend who was the first one to ditch me and the one that bullied me the most behind my back, came back to me apologizing one day whilst saying things like “i misunderstood your intentions and even though I ditched you, you kept listening to my problems and helping me out and sadly I just now understand how much I misunderstood you”, and that is true, no one ever directly started to ignore me and I decided to at least play my cards right and not be completely pathetic, so during this time I’d still help them and console them whenever they had a problem. And based off this, it was confirmation that my old best friend of 2 years was spreading lies in order to get people to hate me, however I do not know what lies they are as I never heard them word for word. But it still hurts me and I do still have nightmares about it a couple times a week. However I realized my self worth and who my true friends are, and the fact that I can already see that people are catching onto her lies and starting to come back to me. However as much as I’d like to cut them out so I don’t have a gruesome remembrance of the things I went through, I am going to stay friends, but never true friends again, only as fun friends and see what really happened so I can get a closure for this chapter of my life for once and for all. I’m truly hoping something happened and it wasn’t their fault that they ditched me but I don’t think that’s likely, and either way I am sadly never going to be able to truly forgive them, as the pain they caused me was horrendous and I’m getting chills just remembering it.