Mom, I’m really scared. You’re my mother, and I hate that I can’t even rely on you when I’m struggling a little, much less when I’m backed into a corner. I really want my mom right now. I’m so tired, mentally, physically, emotionally. I’ve been at a job I hate for the past year and a half, and it is making me crack under the pressure. My mental health was doing okay up until the pandemic started, because a week before quarantine came down is when I moved out of mine and my ex’s apartment. We were together for a year, the longest I’ve been with anybody as an adult, but you never met him. I’m drowning in debt, and have been for the past 4 years. I’m so close to being paid off, but paying almost half my income just to debts every single month and living so close to the line for so long, it feels like I can’t even breathe. I had to move in wirh a friend who has 3 kids and took me in out of the goodness of her heart because I literally cannot afford the rent anywhere, even with roommates. I hate that I can’t ask you for emotional support, much less financial support because emotionally you do nothing but make it worse, and financially you wouldn’t help me even if you could because that money needs to go to my younger step siblings getting the newest iPhone or something under the guise of “well you understand don’t you? You’re stronger than them. You can handle it” but I can’t. I can’t handle this anymore. It’s all so much. I can’t take time off work because I can’t afford it. I’ve been looking for a better job for the past months, but haven’t gotten a single interview. I just feel so trapped and scared and exhausted and alone and I just wish you would be the mother I needed. I have nowhere to go and no one to go to, and I am drowning. I hate this. All of it. I have no degree, no prospects, no partner, and I just want to hide under my blankets. I need you, mom. I needed you to protect me or at least support me growing up, and you never did. So I don’t know why a small, stupid part of me still wants you to now.