Sunday was mother's day. So many ppl were posting happy mother's day as usual on Facebook and I tried so hard to ignore it. Seemed like it was every second post was one. 😢 I have 2 children but they r not with me. They r in another province with a wonderful family friend who used to be a teacher for many years. The way it's arranged with children's aid ( as I was homeless and pregnant with no family support and no ID to get on social assistance and my health card ) is because they r with her, I still have all access to them. 5 years ago my nanny was nice enough to pay for 2 weeks in October to go to where she was born and grew up as well as let me visit with my kids. The last time I saw them was well, my daughter was not even 1, and my son, I wasn't even allowed unless a nurse was present. The 3 days I was in the hospital, not one nurse had time for me to visit my own child! So it was 5 years I hadn't seen my son in person. Few years ago they came to visit me in my hometown, and even faced my fear of heights by going on the Skywheel with them. I have so many memories of them with visits and phone calls even my own kids know I'm their birth mother.   Yet when my mother didn't wish me a Happy Mother's day it made me feel like less of a mother just like every other year. My nanny did. My man did. My CAT even did in his own way ( he's a loversuck and curled up in my lap and sucked on my arm as he's done with me since he was young ) but my mom didn't, so I didn't say it to her. Heck my mom's mindset of family ( only when it comes to me ) is " family is meant to only spend time with, if u get something while with them, then it's ONLY because u didn't ask for anything while out " and usually it's something I don't want or need at that time. I've needed groceries, but was expected to pay for them at the end of the month when I got my check ( knowing full well I have only 20 bucks left from my fixed disability income after rent and bills r paid ) instead of helping with some as I had nothing to eat in my house and was told by my mother " if u need food badly enough, go begging for it " yet if my brothers asked for help ( and they have jobs, and one lives rent free at mom's in his early 20s ) or wanted money to spend when they go out with their friends, they get the money like it's nothing! If I had more than enough money to get by, like enough to fill my fridge and cupboards, and have everything I need/possibly want, I would send them gifts and pay for shipping even when it's not Christmas or their bdays. I would visit them, or pay for them to visit me ( with their foster mom of course ) and pay for their stay in a nice motel. Or get a better place and have a " guest " room or 2. Heck mother's day I didn't even eat. Can't eat when u have nothing to eat. Someone helped with some funds but an unauthorized charge came out of my bank account and since I can't log into the web account that did it, I can't make a support ticket. The bank won't refund me and told me to take it up with those who took the funds. So I went from 24 bucks to 6 bucks. If I asked my mom for 20 bucks I'm told " I work for my money, what do u do? If u need the help badly enough, go begging for it ". Would u turn away a family member for needing some food? Would u tell them they r not a mom ( despite being able to be a mother in my own way to my kids from afar ) but u r still their grandmother? Would u tell ur pregnant daughter to fend for herself instead of helping her and taking her in? I'm 29 and I have my mother to thank for being a homeless, jobless worthless unfit to be called a human being. 😢 When all the other 12 year olds got paper routes and babysitting jobs I was stuck at home WISHING I could do that. Since my mom wouldn't give permission, I wasn't allowed getting a job. Heck when I was homeless at 16 I had to have permission to be on assistance. My mom said no, despite having to beg on the streets and dig through trash, and so I couldn't get assistance at all. She wouldn't even give me my ID and I had to figure out where to get it for free when nobody helped or showed me. Sorry for the long post but I didn't know who else to share this with as if I told my mom how I felt she would simply shrug it off. 😢😢