I'm disappointed that you've never achieved anything beyond raising me, and even that you didn't do the best job at. I had to raise myself for the past 23 years as your go to child raising method was to threaten to send me away before I turnt 18, then threatening to kick me out on the streets once I did turnt 18 anytime I got overwhelmed with life as a first generation immigrant. I'm ashamed of how you acted around my friends and associates - like an attention seeking toddler who couldn't stand not being in the centre of attention for a day and then berated me for acting like a teenager not a stuck up middle aged woman when I was at a ripe age of 16. I'm disappointed that I've outgrown you simply by finishing secondary school with high grades when it was a time to rather than dropping out and passing my exams at 23 with mediocre grades which is what you did. I'm disappointed that you left me to figure everything out and fend for myself as a young teenager while you were out drinking and bringing sleazy men home and forcing me to socialise with them. I'm disappointed that you couldn't put me first and keep your legs closed for 6 years of your life as a divorcee first generation immigrant. I'm ashamed and disgusted by your actions towards my in middle of puberty self. I'm disgusted by the thought that you tried to put me down for so many years because you were jealous of your only daughter. I'm disgusted by you treating me as a therapist for years but never allowing me to have emotions and problems of my own. I couldn't confide you in anything coz then you'd use it against me at some point. I'm disgusted that you treated me as extension of yourself and that any gifts and essentials came with strings attached. I'm angry that you never listened to what I want to do in life and you pushed me to go to university when all I wanted to do was learn a trade or go straight into workforce and earn my own money or start a business and acting like the world is ending whenever I brought up that I want to quit. I'm disgusted how you put a status of having a child with a degree over my own health and wellbeing. I was literally balding at one point and got a patch of eczema on my foot due to all the stress I went through at university while you were out living your best life bragging about me. I'm angry that you gave me responsibilities of an adult, treatment of a child and no privileges of either. I hate you. I mean it and I hope that what you did to me will haunt you for the rest of your life like a nightmare.