Long time lurker, first time poster. I was about to submit my MD but decided to hold it off for now because I'm scared of the comment section lol - and felt like I should clarify some of the "income" information. I'm a 25-year-old graduate student (expected to graduate in May of 2020 and will be transitioning into a full-time role at the company I'm currently at) and a full-time engineering intern with $60/hour pay. I'm very much aware of my privileges (and extremely grateful for it) - growing up in an upper class household & community (and living in this bubble my whole life), having my parents financially support me throughout college and grad school (tuition, rent, living expenses) - to list a few. In January, I moved in with my boyfriend of three years - a bit of context: we're going to get engaged in the fall. He's wanted to "move forward" with our relationship since last year but he understands I am still very young, ambitious, and career-oriented so we agreed to wait until I am at least done with my Masters degree. He's four years older so he's not older by much but he is "ready" to settle down lol. We were planning on moving in together in June when my apartment lease is up (I previously shared a flex 2-bedroom apartment with a roommate; rent split in half to $1700 each) but my roommate (a close friend) found a new roommate that can replace me and because she was looking to move in January, I decided to push my timeline as I know how stressful finding a (good) roommate can be. When I say my boyfriend and I moved in together, it technically means I moved into his apartment because he owns his one-bedroom apartment (he bought it in 2015 with the help of his parents but he has been financially independent since graduating from college and pays his mortgage). Therefore, I don't pay "rent" and we are figuring out how I can contribute/split expenses (which would have been discussed prior to moving in had we not pushed our timeline but it's not the most urgent matter for us) especially with my salary + signing bonus, which will be finalized soon. I don't know his exact salary but ballpark range is 450K to 550K (before taxes). It's been a mutual understanding that we don't need details of each other's finances until we are engaged/married. He works in private equity and his income is comprised largely of yearly bonus. Since I've been a student the entire time we've dated lol, he knows I am limited in terms of disposable income. I did not include his salary in my MD (to be fair, I wrote it in December lol) because we don't share finances but I also absolutely understand rent + money spent on dates, etc. are a huge chunk of monthly expenditure. And I had a feeling I would be ripped into shreds if I don't. At the same time, I don't know everything about his finances (yet) and I don't rely on his income for anything other than our living arrangement (which I will be contributing to as well). Should I submit my MD as a "joint income? (Though tbh, whether or not I will submit the MD is TBD at this point lol).