Right, so the cycle has turned from Gregory to Kulve, and after nearly soloing Greg jiiva I can confidently say: that shouldn'tve been a raid boss. It shouldn'tve even been anything else than a step up from the arch tempered Jeff. It shouldn'tve even had any fucking phases. Regular kulve feels like an actual fight by the 2nd phase. Master rank kulve feels like a fully fleshed out monster from the get go. It takes you until the final phase to fight Greg in a way that feels like a proper monster. This isn't my rant about how I think all the raid bosses are shit, MR kulve is, albeit intentionally, just a classic monster hunter multiplayer fight. Aside from it cutting the fight short is you don't meet the damage checkpoints, which I'm sure everyone would appreciate if they just sorta.... Removed. The Butter Queen can triple cart solo hunters just fine. Trust me. I know. I deliberately solo these raid bosses because I hate the aggressive mmo culture that comes with them. And because when I started playing MH 3 and 4, the servers were down and I hated myself. G Rank is a lot more accessible in this one. It was possible in the last games, but you don't even hafta chase the meta here. Getting back on topic, the behemoth and Greg fights were designed in a way that just isn't fun, no matter how many players you bring along. I know it's a bit of a point o' contention on the topic of the behemoth but imagine the fight without it's stall, charybdis, and an actual period of time to fight him. He has moves. They're actually pretty great. So why the fuck doesn't Greg have moves in the first 2 phases that aren't stalls? Yeah, inn the 2nd phase he can run towards you, perform a sorta charging flail when enraged, use "fuck you in particular", and use "fuck everyone" (that isn't at all meteor, shut up.). But it takes 3 phases to get into a fight with an actual monster. Both of the other raid bosses can be modified into actual fucking hunt, but Greg shouldn'tve even been here. People only hunted him because he redefined the meta, nobody really wanted to fight Jeff after beating the original main story, and people have been talking about how hard it is to lobby up with a full team of people who still wanna fight the knockoff Grigori. I'm not sure if it's because people share my opinion (I doubt that it is in fact) or if most people have their shit and no longer wanna so much as look at the red dragon. I wanna keep going, but I'm not sure how. I just wanted to vent my last couple days out before I hibernate in wait of Alatreon. Anywho, I'm tired and need to balance my night out with some water. I'll proofread this tomorrow. Or not. Or delete it. Ornot. Peace.