Hello Monstrum II Reddit community, it has been quite a while since I have made a post relating to one of my question/suggestion posts on Reddit, but I figure that since the Closed Alpha for Monstrum II is coming out soon, then why not rise back from the dead and make one of these posts before the alpha testing finally "breaks loose"... As many of you can likely tell by the title, I will be asking and suggesting what some of the gameplay will be like for both the terrified Prisoners and the bloodthirsty Monsters. Starting off with the most horrifying topic for this post, I will ask what we can expect for general gameplay for all the monsters and I will suggest a few things I believe should be added to Monstrum II as well.

To start off the first question, will all the Monsters be able to open and close doors like all of the original monsters could in Monstrum, or will this vary between certain monsters? For example, some monsters might be able to simply open and close doors, while others can only tear them apart, depending on how the monster plays.
For the second question, what will be the requirements for the monster to instantly kill a prisoner? I was informed that the monster is capable of killing prisoners permanently from the Monstrum II Reddit Q&A post, but depending on the circumstances, then a prisoner might only get put into a downed state instead. Not much was disclosed on the specifications for the monster to perform an instant kill; however (Prepare for a couple of long suggestions past this point 😒💡) I will assume that the monster maybe needs to use a special ability that has a cool down, which if used in an extremely close vicinity with a prisoner that is not in a hiding spot (like a locker), then an animation of the monster slaughtering the prisoner it was close enough to will ensue, and then the prisoner will be dead at the end of the animation. After this, then the Monster will have to use a standard attack animation which will only down any unfortunate prisoner it catches after instantly killing its first victim, until the cool down for the instant kill ability is usable again. Another assumption I have is that when the monster manages to catch a prisoner, then it will perform an attack animation on whichever prisoner it catches and depending on RNG, then the prisoner will either have a 50% chance of surviving the attack, or a 50% chance of dying to the attack. This might be a clever gameplay mechanic, since the monster might not be able to tell if it really killed its victim or not, making the monster more hesitant to camp the body of it's victim, not knowing whether they are unconscious or dead, but if the prisoner that was caught was only downed and revived later in the match, then the monster would be able to instantly kill them if it was the same prisoner caught previously, using a much more gruesome animation to end that prisoners life for good. Perhaps I may be overcomplicating this process, but I figured I would say this to see whether my guesses are close or not to any actual gameplay when the alpha testing finally releases.

For my third question, how wide will the area a monster can sense a prisoner's presence be and what is the effect which will either guide the monster towards a prisoner's general whereabouts, or indicate that the monster is nearby a random prisoner? (I don't really have any suggestions for this matter, plus I am really curious to see what the developers have in mind 🤔).

Finally, for my last question relating to general gameplay mechanics for the monsters, and my first question involving the gameplay mechanics of the prisoners (A good way to bridge both topics), is the monster going to be capable of completely sabotaging an escape route that has been repaired to it's final stage and what are some of the fallback measures the prisoners can rely on in order to prevent that means of escape from being completely impossible to salvage? Now this is a tricky topic, since a lot of different factors can play out during this sequence of events, but it should be addressed for that reason. I can only assume that the monster will likely be granted with the option to completely demolish any chance of hope if an escape route is being prepped for a daring escape, so that makes me wonder, "how will the prisoners be capable of pulling off such a challenging feat?" The reason I question this so much more than most of my other questions I have brought up in the past is because of how difficult it would be to prevent a player controlled monster from destroying a necessary utility that finalizes an escape routes functionality, since the player controlled monster is likely to focus on disabling an escape route permanently, rather than target the prisoners (Why catch one when you can catch all four? 😰). So the only thing I can think of, which would hopefully slow down the monster long enough to accomplish such an intimidating feat is through the use of the environment, items, and even good team coordination between the prisoners. This would allow prisoners to create defenses and even traps. Good examples of environmental traps and defenses from Monstrum were rusted floors, cracked steam pipes, the telephone system, lockable doors, and power locked rooms. My point with this is that perhaps there could be a couple of environmental defenses and/or traps located near the various escape routes, that can be setup using various tools found across the sea fortress, so that the monster cannot simply beeline for the escape route and ruin the progress that was being worked on by four players that entire match. Anyway, sorry for my rant if anyone is still reading.

Now I will ask and suggest a few things about the prisoners basic gameplay mechanics, so let's begin with my fifth question, which is whether or not the prisoners can look directly behind themselves while sprinting (It was a feature in Dying Light, a first person, open world, zombie horror game, so an option like this could be utilized even better for a Monstrum game, in my personal opinion). I think this could be a helpful little addition for the prisoners in the game, as it could not only intensify a chase by allowing the prisoner to look behind themselves to see a true face of death, but could also give the prisoner the ability to look behind them to see how distant the monster is from them, or if the monster is even within a direct line of sight, so the prisoner will not have to stop moving and look directly behind them to see if the monster is still directly on their tail.

For my sixth question, can the prisoner peer around corners in Monstrum II like in the first game? I ask this because one of Monstrum's core themes was its detailed stealth gameplay, like being able to sneak across the entire ship (🤫). One of the most useful gameplay mechanics that allowed the player to be capable of maneuvering across the cargo ship in Monstrum so stealthily was through the use of leaning. It gave players the ability to look around corners without arousing suspicion from the monster, making it safer to identify a secure environment when comparing it to a lethal one. While the prisoner may be visible to a monster controlled player, even while peeking around corners, they are still more difficult to make out, rather than standing completely in the open where the prisoner is entirely exposed. Another option that should be available while peeking is being able to peek while crouching, since this would allow the player to peek around shorter objects that you would need to crouch behind in order to stay hidden, since the monster might be investigating that prisoner's general location. Perhaps the peeking animation could also be somewhat swifter, since the original Monstrum player's peek animation was sluggish, and prevented the player from moving until the animation was finished.

Now for my final question, will there be in depth interaction animations, most specifically with doors, for both the prisoners and even the monsters (Similar to Outlast's animations, because that game had some amazing first person animations to take notes from)? The reason I ask this is because in the original Monstrum, the player would interact with doors… awkwardly. The player would lift their arm in the air, make a motion with their hand, and then the door would magically open, pulling you towards the center of it. While this was more immersive than just simply opening the door with no hand motions at all, it became annoying if the player tried to shut an open door they were running through to early, then it would pull the player backwards and slam the door in their face, happening during an intense chase with the monster. What I am suggesting here is to improve this games animations, most importantly with the doors, so that it can make the gameplay feel even more thrilling and immersive. For example, rather than having a prisoner sprint up to a door, stopping to lightly open it, and then proceeding to run again, have the prisoner sprint up to the door, quickly grab the handle of the door with their left hand since the right hand normally occupied with items, and then bash open the door with their shoulder (RDR2 style 🤠), that way the player playing as the prisoner doesn't try to spam the key that toggles the door, which would commonly cause the door to stall from opening in Monstrum. Another example of better door animations could be the variations of how quickly the prisoner opens and close the door. For example, if the player playing the prisoner holds down the key which toggles doors, then that prisoner will slowly open the door by leaning forward, turning the handle, and then slowly pushes open the door, barely making any noise, but if the player taps the key that toggles doors, then the prisoner will proceed with a similar animation, except the prisoner will harshly push the door open, causing it to slam outward, which creates noise that can lure the monster if its nearby. The final thing I will suggest for this post is for the development of detailed animations whenever the prisoners and the monsters interact with different objects across the sea fortress, because you know a game is very well crafted if the developers ensure that there are good interact able animations throughout the entire game.
Well, if you managed to completely read my post, then I appreciate you for reading the entire question/suggestion list. I am also very thankful for Junkfish's amazing support with its community, and I hope that I manage to get a few of my questions answered in order to learn what is being planned for the development of Monstrum II before the alpha testing finally releases, but if none of my questions are answered, then that’s alright, because I really want to see everyone's reaction to these questions/suggestions, and to hopefully have a few of my suggestions actually implemented into the game. I hope everyone enjoyed this post, and I plan on being back with another question/suggestion post after the closed alpha finally releases.