Am I the only one that finds bow to be garbage? Before I continue I will mention that I know MOST weapons in MHW are viable. I don't just one. I am an expert with longsword, dual blades, hammer, great sword, gunlance, insect glaive, sword and shield, even hunting horn. I know some weapons are designed for dps and certain tactics. Dual blades are insane if rushing off edges and hills, they do great dps and let you re position a ton, often. IG is horrible damage for aerial but aerial is so great for mounting damage with riders charm and glider mantle. Charge blade is just the most OP thing I've ever seen. NO OTHER WEAPON can compete with charge blade. You can't do 4k hits every 20 seconds like with a CB. To ALSO have Bulwark charm and power your shield and be able to block anything and be quick to easily transition into an SAED. I mean it's honestly stupid. I can use one every 15 seconds or so and with artillery 3, I'm hitting like 4k damage. So TRUST ME, I know that every weapon has it's place. I just don't find bow to be good for damage. I think it's be great support weapon in multiplayer. I'm not a noob. I'm not screaming that only MY favorite weapon is the best all others are trash. I'm very experienced with most weapons. I believe every weapon can really counter certain monsters wonderfully. I find that bow just down't do good dps, I'm hitting weak spots, it's okay damage, not horrible, just not good or comparable to any other weapon. I get the jump shot spam. Being able to exploit one single attack that is very area/context oriented doesn't make bow good though. The overall damage is just not comparable to anything else. I can solo the tempered savage deviljho in the challenge arena in like 5 minutes with IG, and the other weapons. I kid you not. 4-15 minutes depending on the weapon. After 45 fucking minutes with bow, I gave up. He must have been close to dead, but I was just pissed. I get every weapon has its place and can be viable. Of course certain weapons vs certain monsters are just advantageous. I can't think of any context where doing nearly no damage but yes being able to side step and hit a lot is better than just mounting with ig or blocking and punishing the fuck out of monsters with CB or longsword foresight and then spirit helm breaker. I WANT to love bow. I want to feel like some badass, but the damage numbers, and hunt times are just there to show me that most weapons can kill the same thing in about the same time. Bow takes like 3-10x as long. It's not my build. I build full crit and weakness. It's not that I'm carting or just sucking ass. What's happening? How can I love bow when it's so bad? I WANT to! HELP!!