I struggled with my knowledge mormonism was a lie and the the family reinforced brainwashing, i was told about the true story santa claus at 9 and read darwin at 6 , i had past life memories and hid that till i got a copy of the discourses of joseph smith first edition signed from my step dad. His grandad had been a bishop when joseph smith was alive, and he was molested by him at three, so these had not been edited by the church in them joseph smith talked about reincarnation and the “fact” he was the reincarnation of jesus christ . when i read this i told my mom, which got back to my step dad and he took it away! i had only gotten to chapter 14. yeah, i have seen read and experienced alot. in mormonism as a gay man with a bi brother, two lesbian sisters, a trans brother and an asexual brother, it was hell. my trans brother , asexual brother, and bi brother were raped by my and the trans brothers step father. my mother was raped by three bishops, had a relationship with two oyher bishops at 17 and 23, and i witnessed some evil shit in the temple I saw gorden b hinkley stab a baby swaddled in a white blanket naked, the baby was put on a black granite or marble stone alter on a scarlet blanket on the alter, he stabbed the baby in the chest and as the blood drained out it went down the rock alter in a groove in the alter in a goblet, ( that looked like the cup in d micheal quinns book about mormons and magic, the dagger was in the book too. well when the cup was full gordan b hinkley drank the blood and passed it to the guy next to him, it went around the room! NO I DID NOT DRINK! he ate the babies flesh, they told me that this is the true sacrement, well my step dad explained what had happened after. he told me that the religion was the oldest religion and all larger christain denominations practice this. he said it started in babylon, and that babylon ruled the world and the beast needs a ritual sacrifice during certain times, sometimes on a mass scale loke 9/11. i heard several names refering to the “ dragon” the KEK marduk , moloch, apep great god of chaos.  ive had to live with the knowledge my whole life this goes on all the time and i am powerless to change that! i cant save those kids! how they get the kids or babies is the social services, or they ordain a woman to carry “the lamb of god”to be sacrificed!  my step dad told me God is actually the servant of the red dragon mentioned in the bible, and he pretends to be the creator to lure people to be his army and his worshipers ready to be sacrificed. i really dont care if you understand or believe me. most wont, but you cant imagine knowing that this happens all across the world in mormon temples, the vatican, evangelical churches, muslim mosques , mason temples, and most of the worshipers are naive to what goes on. i can tell you there is a underground hallway to the mason temple that has a like black alter in their basement too, and the pink room or nursery is next to this room, and you get to it with a hidden door through the nursery or a passage from the outside down into the hall then to the room, this passage is heavily guarded. neddless to  say i have a lot of sympathy and empathy for others and still love people who follow jesus or any other good heart philosopher, but the church and its organization i will never forgive for the evil they did to me or others i know, i will not forgive them for the harm done to others. i love the members, my grandparents on my moms side were true followers of jesus. what i have witness is an increase in anti culture since bush jr and extremely inflated now during he of the orange who will not be named!  we need to educate our mormon relatives and friends to bring their teachings back to jesus and back to peace, so they dont join the ever increasing group of mormons turning into a mob. just remind them its about jesus, always bring it back to jesus. you will rarely show them its false but you may avert a lgbtq suicide, a senseless hate crime, or worse. thanks for reading. love you all, we are all human and deserve freedom, peace and the persuit of happyness!