So let me explain the back story to why my in-law hates me. Let’s start off with I met my lovely boyfriend 2 years ago we moved in together a year and a half ago. She liked me when we first met, but that changed when we moved in.  Around our first few months of being moved in we needed to take a break due to pressure. During this time his sister came to stay with him for a few days. I had left all my things there because I just needed a break we weren’t ending things. I came home and he didn’t realize but his sister stole half my wardrobe, all my name brand makeup, anything designer I had. She is a frequent drug user, has emotional/ physical abuse problems that were never properly dealt with, she was neglected by their parents. I knew all my stuff was sold for drugs, so I calmly messaged her and told her I knew and that she was welcome to continue seeing her brother but I didn’t want her in my life or in my home (that I was paying 100% rent for at the time) long story short she told their mom and she’s despised me ever since. His mother never came over to visit to see how I was taking care of him or paying for all of rent. She would only talk to him and tell him how much she doesn’t like me unnecessarily putting him in the middle of his sister and I’s problems. Fast forward 5 months later and I was pregnant! We were so excited, I told my whole family just a day after we found out and they were so happy for us. He wanted to wait to tell her, I didn’t understand why but I respected it. When we finally told her, he only felt comfortable over text. (Not my choice) and all she had to say was “Are you guys seriously thinking about keeping it, you’re too young, she’s not the right one for you, etc” I was livid. We got no support from them my whole pregnancy. They never came when I stopped working and he was out of town working, we had 40$ for food money, my 55 year old grandma who has hip and knee problems had to come over help me clean and buy us groceries. They didn’t help me whatsoever not even a text to ask how I am. The only time his mother wanted to take me to lunch was to try and ambush me into seeing his sister, to try and force me to let her into my life so I could “Stop hurting my SO relationship with his family” The day finally came and that’s when she started really talking to me demanding she come to the hospital everyday we were there. When she came, she ignored every single thing I said barely acknowledged I was even there and I had just gone through the hardest thing of my life, which was enough to get my blood boiling, let alone she never washed her hands (she also refused to get a flu shot during my pregnancy), would make me let her hold my baby in those precious first 2 days, she kept insisting his sister come. When we finally got home I was tired of it, I told him it was time for him to put his foot down cause she has no respect for me. He told her no more showing up, his sister was not to come over with her otherwise I would leave and that made her explode. She texted him and told him I should be ashamed of myself, I’m going to be an awful mother, I don’t know how to parent, she should be aloud over whenever, his sister is almost clean so she should be aloud in MY home. It made me furious but I bit my tongue for my boyfriend. We’re at 3 weeks and a few days and she keeps insisting she should be aloud to show up, telling him I’m taking her away from her grandson. On top of that telling him his sister is suicidal because we’ve chosen not to let her part of our lives. (It’s not just me, he is disappointed in her and doesn’t want to see her.) putting him in the middle. I’m absolutely done with this crazy bitch. Sorry for my foul mouth, but I am so fed up between belittling me, to never being supportive of me, barely  acknowledging me, over stepping every single boundary I have laid out, she’s just plain disrespectful and rude. I don’t know how to tell my boyfriend that I hate her guts and I never want to see her. I can’t tolerate her, she’s psychotic. How do I get out of seeing her without hurting my boyfriends feelings?