 I can't seem to shake off this sense in my head that we will have to deal with this problem sooner or later. I remember first being married to her son and she asks me for $1.... I was like... okay weird. And then she kept asking for more. Turns out later I figure out that she is a gambling addict. She will do anything that she can to scam people for money. To slowly deceive people in order for her to get money. And people always gives money to her because she always says that she will pay them back, but she NEVER DOES! She has stolen from her daughters and husband. He has thought about getting a divorce, but she keeps threatening to take his 401k? I don't know how that works, but money is what's keeping him from divorcing her. Her daughter's hate her and I feel bad because they're so fucked up after when she's put them through. I don't feel like I can say anything at all. I get so stressed and mad, and I seem to project this onto my husband, which he gets very annoyed of. He also has a love/hate relationship with her. She one time sold 2 of his guitars that he had to buy back from the pawn shop. They have gotten into so many fights because all he wants for her to do is admit that has a problem she has to deal with. She keeps saying that she's not a bad person, that everyone is out to get her, and that her money goes away so fast (by going away, it's going towards the bills \*eye rolls\*). She lies that she's pawning things off by saying the stuff are being "borrowed" because her "friends" needs it. We moved away, but I can't help but feel like we can't run away from this forever because we will have to deal with her soon enough. I don't know what to do because if she can't recognize that she has a problem, then nothing is going to get solved. I don't like her, and she can clearly tell. I'm trying to focus on my life, you know the whole making my life be as great as it can be, but I still can't help in the back of my mind that her problem will sooner or later be our problem. And I'm not sure what to do but just go no with my life until the problem arises. I don't want this to be the reason that my husband and I fight all the time. Because of some third party. I love him, but a third party interfering is going to make it suck.