I'm seeing some comments on YouTube about the difference between neurotypicals and Sociopaths, on how all people are some sort of secretly hypocritical monster which will end up destroying the world(yes Joker, I'm talking to you) even though we've been having wars for decades and nothing had happened so far. Are you guys fucking serious right now? Every, and I Mean EVERY species fights for the survival of their family, and to make their family survive, the weaklings(the predators) must be sacrificed for the strong ones to carry on the species. Every, and I Mean EVERY race works like this, yet the strong ones(both animals and humans that is) have been carrying on the planet for more than guess what? You said it, 6000 fucking years. Every single living being on this planet has a little bit of narcissism, beacuse hadn't we had such instincts, we would've already went extinct by now. There's a difference between saying "I must kill you for my own benefits" than saying "I must kill you beacuse why not? It's funny!", the former not implying a pleasure in other's suffering but rather a reasonable necessity(narcissism), the latter being the exact opposite(antisocial). Every animal has narcissistic traits, it is for the survival of the species as said before. However, no animals has antisocial traits except for those that, to be fair, have a personality disorder. Beating up someone beacuse they are threatening your "ego" and getting pleasure out of it is a thing that everyone has (and it's completely normal, you were on the right side and you are entitled to fell proud about making justice, it's like when I'm hot and as soon as I open up the window I back to normal, like taking weight off of me), directly attacking/annoying a person beacuse "it's funny" is not. Science had already made this clear that we do not think like antisocial people do and if you feel like you wanna be that edgy children on the internet that's gonna be like "yeah, I love finding pleasure in other people's pain hehehe", just please so you know that people won't be there to help you when you will be lost in a forrest with no chance of return, but hey, apparently everyone who kills and finds pleasure in people's pain now all of a sudden is not of a sociopath, the society is corrupted and looney tunes are taking over the real world to stop another alien invasion! Anyway, You get the point of what I'm saying. Please stop worshipping antisocial behavior and stop pretending you like/want to see/make others suffer, people whom have this behavior are really rare, they realize they are different and some suicide beacuse of it. You are not a killer for righously accusing someone of attacking you and feeling pleasure after RIGHTFULLY protecting yourself from a bastard who wants to show you the wrong way, however you might have a bigger chance if people are trying to socialize with you and show you the right way as you still threat them like shit "beacuse you love seeing them suffer", if you are the second option, I'm sorry, you're a sociopath. Just beacuse it is common in most kids/adults to behave this way yet sociopaths are stated to be a really rare species doesn't mean that the number list is wrong and there are actually more than the acknowledged percentage, and guess what? You might be that extra bonus, stop blaming others to feel less alone and actually do something to improve your fucking life. Just beacuse you have a disorder doesn't mean you're gonna have to act in denial and blame others for being just as bad as you, you are alone, but you can still improve yourself and achieve your goals, you can improve your life and reach happiness if only you could Accept the fact that you are unique and that you don't need to be like others in order to be happy.