I’ll be 26 this June and still living with bad and toxic family. Graduated college 3 years ago and went through different commission based jobs and part time customer service and still don’t have money saved. Regret living at home during school even though I was on campus most of the time and only went home to just sleep because I wanted to save money and thought I’d be way more happier and living the life once I was done. I had no friends in school, graduated with a 2.5 gpa overall, and in the beginning I would try to befriend people or try to be more considerate to at least make acquaintances out of classmates but I never got any sort of attention back. Remembering little incidents like when my research and stats class was having a celebration with food after we turned in our papers and I brought in chips but no one even touched them 😔 also hated working in group projects and at the end of one of them I gave everyone in the group higher scores and I can tell they marked me down as lower even though I had finalized drafts made for them and said non need to edit but it would get deleted anyways and redone which made no sense. I’m a lesbian also, and haven’t been in a real relationship, I dated both guys and girls in college but it was somehow distant whether they were not in my year, my department’s major and rarely saw each other or out of state or didn’t go to my school. It felt very detached in some ways and for some of them it was almost like they were afraid of getting close like one girl who refused to talk on the phone and I just wanted to hear her voice daily 😔 also in high school I had moments of fun, but it felt like my friends didn’t like me and were putting me down a lot especially behind my back more so to my face. They would say I’m boring and everything, especially one friend but when I volunteered for us to do something, she would always decline or act interested but not even try to get into it. Like when she said she wanted to do ice hockey with me I embarrassed myself by going to the coach and asking about it and I didn’t know how to skate but said I could practice until the first session of practice and got his contact and everything and she never bothered to try to do anything just sit at home while I told her all the details. When we went out to eat or drink at a bar, I understand when someone is in a bad mood but doesn’t want to keep to themselves and it’s me trying to lighten the mood, be funny and open to listen if they want to vent and even try to socialize with other people around to be entertaining even as an introvert, but there’s just no feedback I get back and then I get put down later and called a bad friend and when I feel the same way I just get told I’m being boring when I’m just sad about stuff or not in the mood myself. In the beginning of college it was me being pushed into the medical field and me being called dumb by several professors, only my admin counselor was the only one nice to me and I felt I was letting him down when I was doing poorly and I was so depressed. I failed out of my degree and changed it a few times until I settled in psychology and graduated with my degree. It makes me feel weirdly bad because I see people my age and even younger passionate about the field and getting involved with mental health and lgbtq causes when I just sit at home and be sad all the time. Also sad about how I felt the need to hide it also, looking back to me being bullied about it when I was younger by a group of boys before I even realized I was gay and also from friends and people around talking negatively about gay people I felt the need to keep to myself. I haven’t dated in years now and I feel I’m almost asexual now and at times question if I’m gay in how I’ll find some bots physically attractive but not feel a desire to have sex with them, just affection really or to just be around them. My mom found out about a few years ago around my senior of college I was gay and also depressed and she just looked at me like I was crazy, as she always does I do nothing and stay out of her way and just try to do things for myself I don’t know, and was just weird to me about like’oh you can date boys’ while being extremely strict with me growing up and not dating when I expressed no interest to. I just kept my mouth shut and it just passed with me still being quietly depressed and keeping to myself as always. I have been technically unemployed for 3 years, while doing freelancing and Craigslist jobs to pay my bills while at home and now I haven’t done anything since the quarantine and feel so depressed because I’ve applied to jobs an get voicemails and emails about not scheduling interviews until the next few weeks because of the virus. My gynocologist even postponed my check up and the lack of order in everything around me is driving me crazy and I’m not even an organizational person. I hate how much of a lazy piece of shirt I’ve become I have no good empties of anything, I get in Social media and look at people post things from their college years and friends and family and celebrating their love and anniversaries and feel depressed at not having had relationships like that or any good memorabilia, even from childhood. I still feel upset I ever listened to my mom in the past because it was like she hated me and wanted to restrict me in every way and I had to figure out a lot of things without her and struggle with it. It’s like I had high expectations put on me and told if I wanted anything in this world I had to work for it then told I was worthless and will never amount to anything and constantly yelled at and restricted at the same time all throughout my childhood into early adulthood. Everything is so hard and I’m thinking if I didn’t use college to daydream so much and actually worked in making my dreams real I would have been a lot happier now and have a family of close friends, a stable girlfriend, a major I was still passionate about and a career by now. I felt in the past daydreams and fantasies were only that and just used that dreamy creative energy to goof off and be childish and not implement into my life. I felt life had to be boring and stable in order to work and to get a practical major instead of doing the arts and things like that and really limited myself  in that way. I have no desire to go back to school, maybe in the near future I’ll go to grad school but only if I feel I can do something worthwhile there like have work published or something. I really hate the person I am and was in the past I just feel like a sorry excuse to be alive and should ha ended my life when I had to chance.