So in the future, Mars has been successfully terraformed, having an atmosphere and even plant growing. It’s still very much a red desert though. So a family arrives to start their life on Mars and see the town they arrived in living in peaceful harmony. Everyone gets along. Well main character(MC) immediately feels off here, even though his family seem quite content. We get to explore terraformed Mars for a little bit before coming back to the family in the park. A guy walks up to MC looking to start a fight. MC knocks his ass out and walks away to be alone. The family is surprised but everyone who witnessed it have looks of shock and horror. A girl walks up to alone MC and sees he’s distressed. She asks what’s wrong and he said he knocked a guy out. She starts to back away slowly and tells him he’s in grave danger, he needs to run! She decides to join him since, just so happens she’s been studying what they’re running from. They run into a blocked entrance to a building but squeeze their way through. Inside is a caravan of old times wagons that say Experience real magic. We cut to the entrance where everything is quiet until something invisible starts bashing at the blockage, making it through after the fourth bash. The girl tells him to follow her back to her car. The whole way, you can hear the thing running after them. They get to her car but she left her lights on and the battery died. Amazingly, the family catches word of the creature so they decide to find MC and help him out. They planned on getting him off Mars to save his life, which gave him a thought. Maybe he doesn’t have to leave if the beast can’t breathe in space. He’ll take a 24 hour orbit tour being advertised around town. After what seemed like forever running. They finally get him in the ship and it blasts off, and small lag in the ship lets them know that the creature in on the hull. 24 hours later he lands and it didn’t die. Red dust explodes around the beast and slightly covers it. Finally getting to see it. They run and the girl thinks a thought. Why would there be old timey wagons in a place where wood is scarce. They investigate the old wagons and see the same creatures outline on the broad side of one of the wagons. They look at the wagon and discover tunes on the floor inside. They have to trap it. And I’ll leave it there for questions to further detail the plot since I haven’t thought of how to end it