Hello, as you see in the title, you've noticed the word Enlightenment is present. Good, then you pay attention. Let me start from the top. It was 3 years ago I noticed a certain conscious shift within the Universe. Agendas being fulfilled, Area 51, Illuminati, and many other conspiracies slowly pressed towards the surface of the media like an ancient plague ready to devour unsuspecting non-believers. My wife and I looked firm as these new forbidden discoveries came to Light. "The Aura, I feel it from here", is what my father in law states in shock of our spiritual wisdom, and otherworldly energy. "Its the Holy Spirit", I stated. "Yeah right", he said. " I've been to church all my life, and I never felt a thing". Of course, he was blinded by his own worldly desires and that certainly didn't help. My wife and I told him the AntiChrist would show up and cause mass chaos and many people would be too brainwashed to think for themselves. I never was a conspiracy theorists, but alot of instances I've come across demons, and they are not friendly. I noticed a transition into New Age beliefs as a trend, the 3rd eye, spiritual Ascension, chakra readings and astral projection were all in our exposure of the New Age. Once our studies became serious after our spiritual awakening we got a phone call. "Babe", my wife yelled. "Someone sent us a voicemail, stating we should stop with our " theories". "Let them threaten us" I stated. "The government just knows we are telling the Truth.", I said. I listened to the voicemail and the voice sent shivers up my spine..."Shut it down, or Baphomet will have your flesh next". I've never heard a voice so deep. Our Facebook's were taken down, and black vehicles began watching us outside or house at 3am. That's only the beginning. Strange noises erupted the night, and weird phone calls from strange unknown numbers. Since I knew of the Elite, Illuminati wouldn't hesitate contacting us with open threats. 3 years pass, and we end up being Stalked by this black mass of a demon, and it tortured all of my friends and family who didn't believe us. We are the only ones left. Rotting flesh surrounds us, this is the red room, the demon walks up: "You should've listened to our warning humans" he grunted. Now we are kept as cattle and fed other humans who were too ignorant to see the light, and the demons were hungry. 3 am we feed them so they won't eat us, the celebrities love this hour. It's their greatest celebration along with an eclisped moon. Maybe transform into a creature where no one would see on their million dollar properties. No one knows what the Elite do, but we do.