Good night everyone, recently got this MSI laptop after saving for about a year. The laptop overall is OK I can't say its terrible but a few things seem a bit off. First of all ever since I received it (in my country you can't inspect anything before purchasing), it has a slight gap between bottom panel and keyboard, I never took it apart and it came like that from a box. I tried clipping it together but it returns back, pretty much like there's nothing to clip to inside. The second thing is that when I don't play anything and just do general stuff - browsing, watching videos, working with text - I can hear something which many refer to as ''coil whine'' except that it never happens under load but instead appears when you don't strees the laptop at all, and it's pretty constant, it appears 9 times out of 10. The third thing is the screen (I made a post before with a picture), the problem with the screen is just that it feels definetely different from any other 120hz panel I used before, it feels like it has a lot of ''trailing'' or so-called ''ghosting'' - when I move my mouse, when I turn in games the screen feels like low refresh rate, it blurs the moving objects, now only in games but everywhere else - desktop when moving cursor, windows, in browser when scrolling, in videos etc. . Also the keyboard feels absolutely different from any other msi laptop keyboards I used before, and it's because almost every button has some cracking or rattling sound to it on the press and my ''esc'' button sometimes needs 3 or 4 presses to actuate. I know I might be being on emotions from ''not so good'' purchase I made and might just refer to the fact I saved for a whole year to get this laptop but I didn't get almost any choice - apart from msi I could have got an Asus TUF with Ryzen 7 chipset or the Lenovo with same specs but 60hz refresh rate display. What do you guys think? Is it normal for this model to have this things out of box or did I just got unlucky? I would appretiate to read some comments but unfortunately I won't be able to return the laptop or get it replaced because of local laws it would take 45 to 60 days.