April 5th, 2019 is the day when my life would begin to change forever. On this day exactly one year ago I woke up to a weird pins and needle feeling on my left thigh, I didn’t think anything of it (thought it could’ve been skin irritation from skinny jeans), thought it would go away eventually just like chronic headaches that I had a year ago that mysteriously disappeared on its own. As the days passed the feeling still lingered so I went to the hospital to get it checked out, but alas they found nothing and sent me home. Then the following week I began to lose my balance and vision in both eyes, went to the hospital again and still nothing. At this point I still held out a little hope that it would be tantamount to the chronic headaches I had a year ago, but little did I realize how wrong I would be. As the days grew into weeks I was faced with a whole slew of new symptoms, the paresthesia had eventually spread all over my body from the neck down, vision and balance continued to deteriorate along with a bunch of other symptoms. Yet I still went out with my friends to many places, walked through densely populated areas like a heavy drunk and didn’t think nothing of it. I remembered what the doctors told me on my last visit to the hospital, “don’t come back as we don’t want to risk you getting sick, if it continues to get worse, call your doctor,” like it was yesterday. I still clung on to the tiniest bit of hope that everything would get back to normal and I would be able to continue having fun with my friends, but I guess that’s the thing about being young, its living life without being paralyzed by the fears of consequences. I thought if I just let things go it would eventually disappear. Until may 24th, I woke up and felt something off with my left eye, to my horror, it had deviated way off to the left and so out of synch with my right eye, I could not make the left eye move anywhere but up and down and could not physically look to the left with both eyes, no matter how hard I tried. Unhappy as I was about returning to the hospital that had dismissed my cries for help twice prior to this, I went anyways. Do you know what it feels to be ignored and dismissed? To be told what you feel isn’t real? Well that’s how hopeless I was on that day. I thought they would just send me home again, after all, if they did it twice already, why wouldn’t they do it a third time? To my surprise, they admitted me, for 12 whole days (would’ve been longer but I really wanted to go home). I remember being wheeled around in a wheelchair because of how bad my balance was, being told by the ophthalmologist that I was legally blind in my left eye, and told that I have 25-30 lesions on my brain and 8 on my spine. I’ve never felt as hopeless as I did then, but somehow, someway, exactly one year later my symptoms are non existent. I can walk normally, see clearly, and live happily; at least I can for today, who knows what tomorrow will bring, but who cares? Today I’m happy and that’s all that matters. Through the entire ordeal I always felt like something was wrong with me, but I’ve finally come to accept the old saying “all you can do is all you can do, and that’s enough.” At least for today, I’m enough.