I am 19 years old. I have had this dream of creating music and have decided that’s what I would do with my life at 15. My biggest inspirations are artists like MGK(old and new stuff), YUNGBLUD, blackbear, Witt Lowry and artists along that nature. But I listen to almost any genre. Except screamo. I have been writing for a few months now. Released some music, a smaller EP. Paid to get my song reacted to on a live stream recently by someone with a decent amount of followers and he makes good music I like. REZCOAST GRIZZ is the artist if anyone was curious. But he gave me good feedback. Told me to work on a list of things. Which was basically everything about my song. And the chat section was brutal. Embarrassing. And that’s when I realized my music sucked. I am garbage. I privated all my songs besides one that my friends are on with me because I didn’t want to take their music off my SC. But I have been trying to write every day and get better. Listen to type beats all the time. I probably listen to music in general something close to 5-10 hours a day. And I bought my own USB mic, a boom arm, and my MacBook Pro battery is dead so I have to wait for the Apple store to open to get it fixed. So I used my IPad Pro tonight with Garage Band in my car. I can’t do it in my house with certain things going on, it’s a pretty big household. And I just suck in general. I can’t come up with melodies, I sound way off key, my rapping is meh. Was told I need to “tighten” my rhymes, all of my lyrics just sound elementary when I try to write. They don’t mesh well. I just seem to hate everything that i write. I find some good lyrics once in a while. Like one or two per song. But it’s like I just lose the emotion. I’m just so so so discouraged and want to give up on it. Sometimes I just lose my ear and can not even work but I try to power through it. I want to love music and I want to be better and get better. I want to pursue it enough that I can make a living off of it. I know. I’m 19. Childish ig.. but I’m just so fed up with it I don’t want to do it anymore. I’ve spent all this time and money and energy trying to do something I completely suck at. I don’t want pity. I just want to rant and I want to know what I should do. This has been a dream for a long time for me and I’m so scared that if I just pass it up then I’ll regret it when I get older. And I absolutely love doing it when I’m good at it. But it just feels like everything I have done up to now has been a waste. Should I give up? If I want to be able to get better and become a better artist what should I do? I understand I can’t post my music on this subreddit. But if you want to hear my song just dm me and you’ll understand what I’m talking about I guess. Thank you. Anything is appreciated.