I understand that this post about my stupid little problem is nothing compared to a lot of the real problems on this but idk what else to do. Umm so basically I've been going to this high school for 2 years now, and at first I rly didn't want to go there and I thought it was going to be terrible. However, over the past 2 years I made some very close friends that I adore and love very much, they mean the world to me because for the first time in my life I actually felt happy. This happiness I felt derived from them being there for me and having somewhere that I almost felt like I belonged to. They were always there for me and they always made me laugh and feel better and we always hung out all the time. We were all inseparable. Most of my life I just felt very shunned and alone all the time and I felt like no one cared or believed in me, but they showed me that it wasn't true and it just made me very happy for the past 2 years I've spent with them. All of this is wonderful and amazing, but the problem is, all of these ppl r either seniors now going into college or r freshman in college that r joining the military. On top of me losing the only ppl that made me happy, I just found out that my school is getting shut down so now I will have to move to a completely different school and start over. I just feel like my life and everything I've built is getting flipped over on its head and all I can do is sit back and watch it all go to shit. Anyways, idk what I am expecting to get out of this but for the past couple weeks I've just been rly lost and sad and lonely and I can't sleep and I don't know what to do anymore. My parents just get upset with me and tell me that I can't just sit around all day acting like a depressed person and that I need to do something and stop being useless and be more like my older sister who is the smartest person I've ever met and one of the smartest ppl ever probably. She's pretty much perfect and everyone expects her dumb little brother to be more like her all the fucking time all day long its all I hear from my parents and even my teachers who call me dumb and one even said that they wish I was more like her. So basically my parents aren't helping at all in fact its the opposite. I'm prolly just overreacting and making this a whole big deal out of a small problem but its still my life and I'm still scared. If someone could relate to me or help me out in anyway that would be amazing thank u.