At some point in my life, I realized how many bad people and liars I had surrounding me growing up. They always got away with the things they did and the things they lied about. As early as a teenager I became curious to see what things I could get away with. I started skipping school, smoked pot at 16, had sex at 16 and eventually ran away from home to find myself back in Texas and reunited with a bastard father that allowed someone to molest and rape his 8 yr old daughter. He let this POS get away with what he did to me. So did my Mom. She didn’t find me help after what had happened. Being so young, I had no idea how to cope. So I began to live my life with these heavy scars. After that, I went about life angry, sad and I felt so alone. I started to rebel just so I could be secluded in my room for sometimes months at a time. Before my Mom remarried she was very independent and a very hard working woman. She always did what she needed to do to give us a stable life. My Mom struggled a lot emotionally because the stresses of being a single Mom weighed on her so badly. She shut us out of her life a lot. She’d lock herself in her room and her room was always a mess. Occasionally if she was in a good mood she’d allow us to go to Blockbuster and rent a movie. She’d always let me lay in her bed and watch on her very tiny tv. To me, that was always the best part of the day. I seemed to always try to find a way to get away from my Mother. I’d spend the night with my Cousin or at my Uncles and Aunts house a lot. Anyone I didn’t trust I’d try to get away from them. I was never taught how to cope with emotions. Once I had came back to TX to live with my Dad things only got worse. My step mom abused me physically and mentally. Police were involved on numerous occasions and she was arrested every time. She’d hit me with her hands and then it turned into hitting me with a cell phone in my face and head and even pushing me into doors and walls. Saddest part about it was my father sat there watching and did absolutely nothing. POS! My Dad worked a lot and I hardly ever saw him. By the time I woke up for school he was already gone, when I’d get home from school he was still working. By the time he’d get home I’d be asleep. My Dad and his wife smoked so bad that my clothes never smelled fresh even after a wash. After some time passed, my Dad and I moved into a 1 bedroom apartment. He willingly let me have the bedroom to myself and he took the living room. After a few months of living there, I came home from the gym to find my step mom and my dad laughing on the couch. My Dad told me he wasn’t going to bring her around and he lied. He then allowed her to move back in. Therefore he kicked me out of the bedroom and I had to sleep on the couch. I did my best to avoid her but on this one day my Dad was gone she decided to abuse me again. I was sitting in the living room folding towels and she seemed to not like the way I was folding them. She began to say things like “Your Dad doesn’t even love you, he was just a sperm donor” “You probably think of your Dad in sexual ways” “I hope you die so no one has to see you ever again” after the verbal abuse stopped she walked over to me and began to hit me and shove me. At that point I had had enough, I fought back. I managed to have her back off I ran into the bedroom, locked the door and packed my stuff. I didn’t have a cell phone so I ran back out and called my friend to come pick me up. After that night I never went back. I was only 17 this all happened. I stayed with my friend for a little while until I graduated school. Within a few years this friend and I started a relationship but it slowly became an abusive relationship. I should’ve known though. On several occasions we’d come home to his Mom yelling “help me” “stop” “get off” we’d run upstairs and see my friends Dad forcing himself on top of her. Now, long story short, his Dad had been caught cheating multiple times, he saw his Dad beat his Mom and he raped her. So his Dad’s behavior was soon his behavior. He cheated on me, abused me a lot mentally and was extremely controlling. I wasn’t allowed to have a cell phone, friends, I couldn’t go anywhere and I couldn’t get my license. He never let me see my family, I could only talk to my Mom on the phone.   After a while the abuse got worse and I tried to find a way out. This one night things were really bad, I was talking to my Mom on the phone and she was telling me ways that I can get away. He soon jumped in the shower, that was my opportunity. I packed a small bag, grabbed his car keys (I had no license) and drove off to ft worth from garland. The only place I could go was my Dads. When I got to my Dads I called my Mom back and told her I made it safely. Then things got bad. He eventually got out of the shower and realized I wasn’t around. He blew my Dads phone up trying to force him to make me talk to him. He threatened to find a way to come to my Dads and physically remove me from his house. My Dad then told him if he did that he’d call the police so he didn’t come. I stayed at my fathers for about 2 weeks until I eventually went back to him like an idiot. Things never got better. I was now on more strict lockdown. I was scared and so depressed I’d steal money from him just so I could take advantage of the few times he’d let me take the car. I’d drive to metropcs and buy a cheap little cell phone to keep in touch with my Mom. I did this just about every month because by the time my phone bill was due I had no money to pay for it so I’d have to get a new number and phone. It was a hassle but it’s what I had to do. Up until the day I decided to grow some balls and get the hell out of that situation nothing ever got better. Leaving him and becoming my own person was the best feeling in the world. I was FINALLY free from abuse. I lived with my friends for some time until I got a full time job. The first night of freedom as I laid down to go to sleep I found myself crying because I felt like I did something so bad, almost like I didn’t deserve freedom. I didn’t know what to do. I had no one telling me what to do and what not to do. I was scared of the world and being all alone in it. I had never partied at bars or clubs and my friends loved doing that stuff. I was so excited the first night I went out. I tried to act normal and blend in but I was paralyzed from the feeling of joy and freedom I felt. I partied a lot to numb myself from the pain I still felt inside. When I got all the parting out of my system I took things more serious. I got my own place in Las Colinas, I got my first car, and was living the life. Life was good. Finally.