So, I’ve lived in my income based apartment for 12 years and have never had any issues. Always had pleasant neighbors and have always been friendly and respectful of all of them. I have a 14 year old son and do not allow him to be an asshole and be loud and disrespectful to disturb my neighbors. We live in townhouses and so only neighbors are side neighbors. Two years ago a younger girl and her two kids moved in. They are 6 and 8 and holy hell. From the beginning it is her kids running, screaming, stomping, bouncing balls, jumping off furniture all hours. Starts when they wake up at 8am and doesn’t end until like 1am, because they have no bedtime. Even when school is in these kids have noooo bedtime and their room is connected to mine. They bounce balls off my wall and kick it all night until they finally crash. They’ve knocked frames off my wall and broke them, knocked decorations off my walls. I’ve went to the mom at least 50 times and explained the situation. I even told her it’s whatever during the daily but please not allow it past like 9-10pm because I get up at 5:30am for work. She always apologizes and yet nothing changes. Me and the neighbor on the other side of her have complained to the landlord and she gets letters and threatened with eviction the next time one of us reports. My issue is, I feel bad reporting her and her getting evicted with two kids. I feel like I shouldn’t care and it’s her own fault considering neighbors on both sides have come to her and and the landlord and you still allow it. I can’t just simply move because it’s income based and our wait list is 2 years for apartments.  Like, should I feel bad telling her constantly everyday that her kids are being loud and she’s a shit parent because they have NO discipline what so ever? Or bedtimes. Or manners. Or respect? Should I feel bad that if I report her to the office again she’s evicted? Is there another solution? I’m so stressed out that it gives me panic attacks because I can’t have any peace in my own home and can’t even sleep because they keep me up all night. What would you do? Realistically?