Choice is nothing more than mere illusion. Every aspect of who you are is done in your brain and out of your control. Down to your taste in music. When you hear a song you don’t decide to like it. It either sounds good or it doesn’t. Once you get past that you're kinda back at the point where you're wondering what life is. Maybe it would be a lot simpler if we could all just experience ego death but we're too fucking curious for that. Life is so confusing to some when really it’s fucking ridiculous. There’s two sides that I see valid that explain I guess life. The first being we’re just like every other species, we live, we die, that’s all. Only difference is we understand the concept of death, sorta. We also revolve our entire lives around it. Personally, I’m just here to do what makes me happy until I die. I will spend the fewest amount of time possible doing something I don’t want to. There’s absolutely no reason to. I’d rather live a life where I’m happy, fucked up on various mind altering substances, and giving 0 fucks about the past and the future, where I die at 20, over living a long life with extra bullshit in between. It’s kinda like would you rather binge watch Ozark on Netflix with 0 ads or watch some bs cable show with a third of your time literally being sold to various corporations? Take note of the mind altering substance bit because that plays a lot into the second side of I guess what life is. I think there’s a large chance these psychedelic drugs, especially dmt and shrooms, but not excluding acid, 2cb, etc. can be an answer to so many secrets in life. Isn’t it fascinating that dmt is produced in our brain? Dmt is either the key to another dimension or a hoax for all the people disappointed that this is it. I think maybe psychedelics are just a playground for people who figure life out to quickly. Like if you get to that stage of “we’re just another species that lives and dies except we’re also the victim of some fucked experiment called consciousness” as a teenager then you just kinda start to panic and look for something else to explore. I do believe there’s a real possibility that dmt is some fucking “magic” bullshit that could lead us into another reality or maybe what we see on dmt is something thats always there and it’s just taking a layer off our vision, or maybe I just really dont want this to be all there is in life. (will be continued at later date) please share your takes on what you think about the concept of life, death, and overall the human mind (