I'm such a name nerd and this is my geek out, hope yall don't mind I vent some and please excuse my mobile phone formatting. Naming humans is hard! I'm 32 weeks pregnant with boy/girl twins, and choosing their names has been a journey. Their father and I both struggled with our names growing up; he disliked how common his is (Ryan), mine was commonly butchered (Kristen) and I never felt a connection to the religious origin being from an agnostic family. Later in life I also found out my mom settled for my name because of my dad, but I feel more like the one she had wanted to name me (Wrenn). This all has driven us to put alot of thought/feels into their names. I had a list of names I'd always wanted to name future children (Caiman, Reverie, Amaryllis) but I let them go because they didn't feel relevant to them or us as a family. I do really love the uncommon words as names though, so we decided to do that for their middle names which also gave flexibility to do somewhat matching in honor of being twins. His came so easy it seems! We both love Q and this one has an origin and meaning that feels really perfect for him. It means bright and when I did a blind draw of colored markers, all his were neon! It's also of Chinese origin which we feel strongly connected to through our martial arts family. Hers has been alittle harder because I had a dream of her where I heard a name that sounded like Amari. I had 3 issues with giving her this name; 1) I recently had a friend who's daughter was named Amariana, 2) it's pretty popular as a boys name, and 3) I felt no connection to the origin/meaning of the name and for this reason it felt more like appropriation of a name with more African American associations since (although he looks Asian from his Native American) we are low melanated "white" Americans in the midwest (I like to call myself rose-golden from my Irish, French Canadian and Native American coloring lol). We played with alot of other names, (like Xostara) nothing felt right! We began to settle on Amari it's very pretty, she seemed to want it, and I really fell in love with Ari for a nn, but it still just didn't feel right. Yesterday I set about looking for Amari soundalikes. I was begining to think we'd have to settle with not feeling connected to the origin/meaning and of all the look-alikes I found I liked Imari best. Then last night I dreamt of me saying her name and (Omari was one of the options we didn't like, for this reason) I kept hearing Omen so I was correcting it with IM. It ended up sounding like I'm and I didn't like it. This morning I set to looking again. Something I noticed was that a couple of the names we liked: Shamari & Xiamara (which I wanted to make Xiamari) meant warrior, so I went to one of the baby sites and was scanning through every letter of girl names meaning warrior. That's when I found a French gem! I love the nod to my heritage, and since I know most people won't pronounce it in it's beautiful dialect around here she will just go by Ari which is a Norse name that means eagle. Her name finally feels right! Funny too, their nn initials still unintentionally make them Q & A lol. Now, without further adue here in about a month or so we will be bringing Quon "Q" Revanent and Jamari "Ari" Reverie into the world. Here's how you pronounce Jamari (more like jam-ari) https://www.howtopronounce.com/french/jamari/ Thanks for reading my excitement, hope our story brought some amusement. Sincerely, one happy name nerdy momma.