I currently nanny for a family with 3 children, 4yo F, 2yoF, and 4moF. Needless to say, I have my hands full with them and I wouldn’t say they’re easy children by far. Most of the days I can handle just fine, Very rarely do I text MB or DB looking for advice on the kids, but tonight I was having a horrible time and really needed any kind of tips they could give me. 4moF randomly lost it after being happy all day and could not stop screaming for about 45 minutes, no matter what I tried I couldn’t calm her, then 2yoF started to lose it as well because it was pretty much bedtime and she was tired and upset i couldn’t sit down with her to watch a show because I was attending to the baby. I texted both MB and DB asking if they had experienced 4moF having trouble sleeping this week or if they knew of something to help her, they both responded with the usual “check diaper, try to feed her, rock her in the dark” which I had obviously already tried and checked twice. They both seemed super supportive and like they understood. I finally got baby to sleep after about an hour straight of shrieking, then got 2yo and 4yo to bed. To put 2yo to bed I have to turn a sound machine app on using the ipad in her room, which is hooked up to MB icloud, when i clicked it on a whole bunch of texts came up between her and DB complaining about me. I obviously didn’t want to invade anyone’s privacy so I only caught a glimpse before exiting out and turning on the sound machine but it was basically complaining about me asking for advice when I have so much prior experience and that I need to learn to “roll with the punches” and calling me a spazz. My feelings were really hurt by that because I thought I was doing a good job with the circumstances, MB had always told me I had been and DB always said he had the exact same issues as me with the children. I had thought about quitting multiple times before but I stayed because I really do like the kids and I loved the parents and had promised them 1 yr with them but now i don’t see the point in staying at a job that stresses me so much and leaves me feeling so deflated and run down, all while the parents think I’m not good at my job and complain about me. I’ve never nannied for children this hard and I have plenty of experience in this age range and multiples. Has anyone else ever been in a situation like this? I’m open to and and all advice.