I'm 42(f) and finally tired of it all. Basically, she's toxic. When I was suicidal a few years back, her response to me was, "that's stupid". When I was on medical leave for depression and anxiety she not only never checked in on me or asked my husband if she could help with anything but she took it so far as to ask me to run her errands for her, multiple times. (Keeping in mind that I couldn't run my own errands at the time) Anything that comes out of her mouth is for her benefit only. If her own needs aren't met, she couldn't care less about anyone else's. I can never do anything well enough, she or another family member would have always done a better job at whatever it is I've done. In her opinion, all men are shit and even though I've been with my husband for 26 years, she'll never fully accept him like a son. In her opinion, family is family and you must always love your blood relations. But in her next breath, when I tell her I'm taking my girls to their grandparents' (my husband's parents) for a visit, she says "why would you do that?!" in such a stupid, "don't they only want to visit me" sort of voice. Basically, if it doesn't suit her agenda, she wants nothing to do with it, even if it's contradictory to something she believes in. She lives in the same city as we do and even though I make zero effort to visit her, I still constantly can sense that she wants us to and is feeling sorry for herself because we never go there. She's always quick to remind me that when we were young we spent every single weekend at her parent's house (and I believe she expects the same of us now). She's very overweight and has been her whole adult life but never does anything about it. When I lost 50 lbs in the past she was inconsiderate, rude, and just plain "oh, poor me" about it. Never was she proud of me. All I heard about was how it never works for her. (Except nothing will ever work if you do just that... nothing). She even went as far as blaming my thyroid condition on the fact that I lost that weight. (I know... that doesn't make any sense). I just don't want to be around the negative energy anymore. Honestly, just knowing that I'm going to have to spend some time with her gives me days of anxiety. I just want it to end. And I don't know how to even begin to approach it. She over-reacts to criticism and will never admit she is wrong. Has a complete sense of entitlement and is always quick to feel hurt or wronged by others. I'm not ready to hear, "oh poor me" yet again but I need to separate myself from her.