Honestly I’m not sure if my parents are narcissistic or not, but those of you who have N parent(s), did you ever feel when you were growing up like you had to constantly try to prove yourself because your parents made you feel like you were incapable of doing anything on your own? Like, when I was a teenager (I’m 29 now), I started wanting freedom and independence like all teenagers do. Other people my age were driving themselves to school and had part time jobs. When I was a senior in high school, I wanted to get my drivers license and start making money. They came up with a whole list of excuses; one of their excuses was that insurance would be too expensive. Mind you, they are business owners and I have never known them to have any problems with money. I offered to work at the family restaurant part time and my moms response was just a flat out no. She said I couldn’t do it, it would be too hard, and that there’s no way I could maintain my grades while also having a job. Long story short, I never did have any freedom or independence while I lived with them no matter how hard I tried. I ended up moving two states away at 18 years old to be with my now husband, which they totally freaked out about of course and tried to guilt trip me about it. Anyway, when they would make me feel like I couldn’t do something, it just made me feel like I had to prove that I could. Even now, I’m a college student and I’m also a mom of 3 kids (a 4 year old and 22 mo. old twins) and it is so hard to do good in school while also taking care of 3 kids all day. I’m so worried that I’m going to fail. Rather than encouraging me to try things on my own and using my mistakes/failures as a way to learn, my parents always acted like failure was the the worst thing in the world and I should just let them do everything for me because they know what’s best. And that I should be thankful for that because they’re saving me from making mistakes. Just wondering if anyone else out there can relate to feeling this way.