I just wanted to vent for a little bit - my parents (my narcissist abusers) really failed me growing up when I needed positive role models. Instead of parenting, I got abuse, extremely harsh criticism and constant rage. I moved out from my parents house about a year ago because I couldn't stand the gaslighting, manipulation, etc anymore. I felt like I was going crazy... My parents are the hyper materialistic "pull yourself up by your bootstraps" type that've been incredibly privileged their entire lives - (oil money, etc) and have NO sympathy or empathy for me and the fact that I struggle with severe mental health challenges. They constantly degrade me and call me "lazy" (especially my dad) even though I try my very best despite my circumstances. I'm very creative, kind, smart, ambitious, hard working and know exactly what I want in life, even if it's not what they want me to do. Since I had to escape from them about a year ago, I went to the first place I could find for the cheapest, especially since I was on my own and didn't have any money. Since I live in one of the most expensive parts of the US, a year later, I find myself on a farm with my bf of 6 years in the middle of nowhere in a trailer that isn't habitable for any human being to live in. Black mold, no hot water, no toilet/bathroom, no working kitchen, no plumbing, a ceiling that's falling down from water damage, insulation that's showing all over, a rat and roach infestation, a hazardous electrical system (a big trailer fire started yesterday and I've been so scared), many lights that don't work, no heat/air conditioning (even though it's extremely hot here often), no driveway (it's 1/4 of a mile long - I can't tell you how many times I've gotten stuck in the mud) missing windows and a leaking roof, just to name a few. I've tried to hide this from my parents since they'd judge me very harshly, and when I've reluctantly opened up to them, they don't seem to give a damn... My parents are loaded financially and don't even care about how I'm struggling with severe mental health problems and how I've been getting sick from living here. My boyfriend's family has been through pretty harsh financial times, but has been stable and doing well for the last few years and has invited us to live with them in California. My boyfriend's parents have been better parents than my own. I could cry. I actually feel accepted for once in my life. I just feel REALLY strange that someone else's family cares more about me than my own. My parents just bought a multi million dollar home with tons of extra rooms on many acres and have never once offered to help and have never showed concern or kindness. IDK, I'm just venting - I want to know what you guys think. I've been trying my absolute hardest to keep it together. I really need some gentleness because things have been really stressful and scary lately. Thank you guys so much. I love this community so much. ❤️