I don’t even know where to start. I’ve honestly not always been treated badly by my parents. I used to be a happy kid. Things changed for me when I turned 6. I wanted to have a little sister and I happened to have two little twin brothers instead. My behavior started to change at school and even at home. I stopped having friends, being interested at school and started being impolite to my parents. My primary school teacher told my parents to make me go to therapy. They did and things got better. However, once my behavior got back to normal, it’s my parents’ one that changed. They started to despise me and being toxic. Then, I got used to it eventually. It became normal for me to be hit by my parents whenever I would 'misbehave' and to be constantly insulted by my mom. One day, I got in a huge fight with my dad. I was mad at him for not defending me when my mom would insult me for no reason. I ran upstairs and slammed my door in anger. He came to my room, slapped me, kicked me and punched me. He had never hit me so bad and I got very scared. For the first time ever I had bruises. They would always hit me but it had never left any visible marks before. Once my dad left I had a panic attack. I wasn’t feeling safe in my own house anymore. So, I took my laptop and started writing my 'story' in a forum expecting to get advices. But things didn’t go that way. Three days later, some cops showed up at my house. They made me go to the station with my dad. I was terrified, I think I’ve never been that scared in my life. The look my parents gave me. The face of the officers when they saw the house I was living in (as if because your parents aren’t poor you can’t be abused). I was shaking so much and struggled to walk. All my neighbors saw the cops. I just wanted to die at this moment. We followed the cops to the station and wait a couple of minutes before getting into the office. My dad didn’t say a word for 30 minutes of waiting. We entered the office and the cops asked me if I was willing to let my dad stay during my deposition. I said yes, too scared of the consequences that could occur a no. The cop started reading the text I wrote on the forum. While he was doing so, I decided I would lie. I couldn’t face reality. I didn’t wanted my parents to be in any trouble. I still remembered the days when they were caring parents. I thought things would get better eventually. So, I just couldn’t do this to my parents. Once the officer finished reading, I denied everything. I said I wrote everything 'out of anger' and that I lied about it all. The officer believed me and let us go. I was relieved but I knew the real storm was waiting for me home. Once we got home, my mom asked what happened and my dad explained. But not in the way I thought he would. I stupidly thought he would’ve said that I lied for them and that they were now out of trouble. But instead he just said that I told everyone in a text that my parents were abusing me and that’s why the cops came and that I admitted to them I lied. When he said that I was devastated. I realize they didn’t even deserved what I just did for them. I got hit and insulted for what I did, and got grounded in my room for almost a year. They took away everything I had, phone, laptop and even books. I would only go out for school and was forced to give up all my after school activities, such as basketball, dance and theater. I couldn’t even do sport and I was just all alone. My body changed due to the lack of sport. I started hating my body and this is when my ED developed. I also started distancing myself from my friends because it was just becoming harder and harder to make up excuses to why I couldn’t go out or why I wasn’t answering their texts and calls. I, eventually, after a few months, opened up to my best friend, and told her everything. She helped me a lot and gave me a phone so that I wouldn’t be bored at home and able to call her whenever I needed to talk. Summer came around, and this is when things got worse. I didn’t have school anymore to clear my mind and get away from the toxicity of my household. Hopefully I still had the phone my best friend lent me and I was able to contact my friends through it. But one night, I wasn’t being careful enough and didn’t hear my mom coming upstairs, she caught me with the phone and this is when everything changed for me. I got insulted and yelled at. My mom asked for the password, I gave it to her and she went to the living room with it. While she was doing so, I was having a panic attack in my room. I was so scared. And there were things I really didn’t wanted my Muslim mom to see in my phone (things such as me talking to boys, porn, texts messages with my friends, pictures of me drinking, etc..). After a few minutes my mom called me. I was chocking up on my tears and struggled to even walk due to my legs shaking. This phone contained everything about me. Every secrets. Just everything. My mom being Muslim was disgusted and revolted by me talking to boys, and watching porn. She called me a slut, slapped me and so on.. but the worse thing she did was saying 'we’re gonna wait for your father to come home'. I couldn’t even breathe anymore. I knew my dad was gonna react ten times worse than my mom did. The wait for him to come home was unsustainable. Then, after an hour or so, my dad got home and my mom told me to go upstairs. I was relieved I didn’t had to be there when she would’ve tell him. A few minutes later I heard my dad running in the stairs, he throw me out of my bed, pushed me to the wall and started screaming 'why were you watching porn you slut' over and over. I couldn’t breathe and was terrified. My mom came in and told him to stop because he was literally about to kill me. He was saying he didn’t care to go to jail and that I deserved this. He kept on hitting me and my mom told him to stop because it was waking my brothers up and he stopped by slapping me one last time. He went back downstairs and my mom looked at me and said 'see what you did? Your father and I are honest and good people, and you’re making us do this, you’re disgusting and bad, you have a bad heart, and god will make you pay for this, go to hell' and she left. She knew those word would traumatize me. And it did. After those events I started hating myself. It was honestly the worst summer of my life. I started cutting and attempted to kill myself several times. I just didn’t had any reason to go on. I couldn’t even talk about it with anyone. They cut me out from the world. I was only seeing them and it was driving me crazy. My mom even saw my cuts and just laughed about it. For several months, whenever she would see me upset she’d say 'what are you waiting for? Go cut yourself'. Then, hopefully school started again and things got better for me, it was obviously still hard at home but I was managing. I also started talking about it with my nan who helped me a lot. She talked about it with my mom and they fought. After this I wasn’t allowed to see her for six horrible months. My grandma is all I have. And my only family support. Sometimes, I even call her mom by mistake. Cause she’s always been more of a mom to me than my own mother. Nothing really happened for a year and then I entered 10th grade (which is the first year of high school here in France). My parents finally gave me back my phone, laptop etc.. (after two years and a half). Things were okay this year I guess. There’s been several tantrums but I was mostly very busy with school and weren’t seeing them that much. I also finally admitted to myself that they are toxic and it won’t ever change. It kinda helped into trying not to blame myself for having the parents that I have. But now, my issue is the confinement. I’m stuck with them all the time and its just starting to get hard. Perhaps the worst is that they are convinced they are right. That I deserve their treatments. And on top of that, right now it’s the Ramadan for Muslim so I have to pretend I believe in this religion, pray five times a day, and fast, else I’ll get killed. I’m just scared. Scared cause I’m realizing I’ll have to live my whole life without parents. Scared cause things are getting worse everyday. Scared for my mental health. Scared of myself. Just scared. I’m a minor so there’s no way out. And I’m just getting worse and worse everyday. My depression is increasing, I can’t stop cutting and my ED has never been that bad. I feel hopeless and alone. I need to get out of this toxicity, and stop letting their harsh words enter my mind. For my own good. But I can’t. And I don’t think I’ll ever be able to.