Ok. So this is my first post but I just had to share. So two years ago now. My nex won majority parenting time in a man's rights state of both my kids. Male 2 and female 4. He wouldn't allow me to see them unless I dropped the restraining order on him. I couldn't find a job, a car, or a house. I finally broke down and moved back home to Texas to my family. The gf was letting me call and talk to the kids when he wasn't around. But that ended after a year. Due to my then 5 year old asking me on Christmas day what a deadbeat mom was and why her daddy called me one. And a few hours later I'm locked up in a state hospital on a 72 hour psych hold that lasted 3 weeks. By the time I got out she wouldn't let me call because I wouldn't explain why I'd quit calling for so long. I didn't want to give him that ammo. So another year goes by. And suddenly out of the blue she messages me at like 1 am asking me to call but refusing to tell me why. I finally do. She tells me how she's been desperately trying to leave him. But that she can't for fear of my kids safety if she does. She explains that he had decided to go to court and file for abandonment on me. But that the courts told him nothing had actually been finalized because neither of us had shown up to the last court hearing to finalize our divorce (wait what. Great I'm still married after all) but she reminds me that since we're still legally married and neither of us has any kind of custody agreement on the books that nothing is stopping me from coming and snatching my kids up and running back to Texas with them. I'll give you 3 guesses as to what I did. Lol. Yep, my 4 and 6 year old babies are finally home. Fileing for divorce tomorrow morning. My poor son doesn't remember me and keeps crying for his real mommy. His sister, me, and her all keep explaining that I am his real mommy. We will get through this. They're the most beautiful kids I've ever seen. And the smartest. And the sweetest. I'm happier than I've been in a good 4 years