Hey all, quarantine with nparent and edad have not been great.  Been in a depressive episode for 2 weeks after getting off drugs (f 17), and I finally woke up feeling purposeful today.  As many of yall would understand, I've been locked in my room rolling in my own filth for a hot second, so I took a shower and even began to clean my room.  I was even beginning to be sociable with my friends and bf this morning! Everything went well until i started to change my bed sheets.  My nmom came in and literally began screaming that I was putting a new comforter on my bed, and that I would use my old (gross and well-used) one.  Being that I am almost 18, I stood my ground and refused, adamantly stating I would use a new comforter.  My mother yelled and trampled downstairs to get my enabler dad, who quickly turned the situation on me, stating my mother's anger is all my fault, and that I have no business acting like I can clean my room when I have the maturity of a 12 year old (laughable, I'm top of my class, and people have told me for years that I act very old for my age). My dad's arguement is that two of my comforters have a small stain or two from a drink that wouldn't wash out completely.  Mind you, these stains have culminated for years.  His other reason is that sometimes at night I dont flush my u*ine down the toilet.  What he doesnt understand is that with my mother sleeping near the bathroom, I cant flush at night in fear of getting yelled at sometimes.  A majority of my bad habits (that I ONLY do when living with them) have culminated due to repercussions of trying to live a normal life in the house.  I cant flush a toilet without getting asked what I'm doing.  I cant sh*t or p*ss without my mother barging in.  I cant undress without my mother barging in.  I can eat in the kitchen without my mother saying snide remarks.  So I eat in my room.  I drink in my room.  I only flush when I deem it safe to do so.  Regardless, my mother stripped my bed and called me a f*cking b*tch before leaving me alone, not long after my dad told me I was incapable of anything.  So here I sit, on my bare mattress, with my mental state reset to zero.  If I dont get out of here, I dont know what I'll do. Any advice would help. I feel as useless as an infant, and I feel like that's how much common sense I have--that of an infant.  I just want a hug, or an escape, or some drugs. God, do I have a craving now. But I wont let my parents ruin my sobriety, I cant.