My Narcistic BpD mother is driving me insane.   Shes high risk.  She still thinks my husband and I should come visit her for hours every weekend.  I haven’t been going because I have a high risk of covid contact job.  She does the guilt trip that since I don’t visit her I don’t care about family...blah blah blah.   Then she gets on her how she’s so lonely thing, when I know DAMN WELL she gets invited to dinners and social group things 2/3 times a week.   She just won’t go because it involves unhooking herself from her cross and actually admitting she can socialize and have fun with non family members.  Then she gets on her jealous streak about how so in so bought A  New boat and it must be nice to be rich and afford to buy nice things like boats and clothes etc.   She makes MORE!! than me with retirement and social security  each month, and her house and car are paid for.  She’s just pissed that she cannot afford some  100 K Benz brand new and pay cash for it or buy a lake house or any shit like that.   My mom has always been obsessed and jealous of the 1%ers..    We bought a new grill and I’m sure whenever she sees it she’ll bitch it must be nice to be rich enough to buy a new Webber grill, etc.....  seriously, it’s at the point where I refuse to visit her or have her come over  unless I’m wearing old clothes and shoes, and the house is messy and the car is dirty because I get sick of the shitty comements, “are those new tennis shoes, oohhh, they are Nike, you must have paid like 80 for those, it must be nice to have money to blow like that. “.   Damn lady, I know you have 50k in savings....stop acting like you are two days from government eviction and homelessness.    Seriously.  Her jealously and clinginess are driving us away.   And NO YOU CANT TALK TO HER about it.   when she doesn’t get her way she threatens sucicide or disappearing forever.     I’m an only child.  And the fastest way to get me to ghost in a relationship or friendship is cling on me like a leach.  I’m know that’s probably some fucked up mental condition myself, but after having a super helicopter mother, i am very very antisocial and independent.  Sorry..just a rant.   Needed to get this off my chest