I was planning on cooking dinner and had a whole recipe and everything. I even knew exactly what time I was going to start it. A few minutes before I was about to start I was in my room calling the bank to talk about a transaction. I was just gonna go downstairs and let them leave me on hold while I started cooking, but then my dad came in and saw me on my phone (he gets upset about me using my phone) and started yelling that I never do what I’m supposed to do, that my phone is a “demon”, that I’m the reason he talks down to me all the time, and that people are dying all around the world and I just sit there on my phone and don’t care about anyone or anything. I’m used to him saying stuff like that but it got me pretty mad this time so when I went downstairs I muttered under my breath that maybe I should just make this mac and cheese for myself. My mom was in the kitchen near me when I said that and started yelling to herself about praising the Lord to make me feel guilty and I told her to stop but she just got louder.  I went to the basement for 2 minutes to cool down and came back with my headphones on and music playing so that I wouldn’t have to listen to my parents shouting, but then my dad saw me with the headphones on, started shouting at me, and snatched them off my head and broke them. Then he started yelling about how having headphones on in the house is rude and I only put them on because I don’t like hearing what they have to say and because I don’t like to listen to the word of God (they always have gospel music or preaching playing on TV, I’m not a Christian anymore but I can tell them that or they’d get angry). I threw the recipe book I was using on the floor in frustration and then my dad starts rushing at me in anger with my mom holding him back. I tried to explain to both of them that I don’t like the way they talk to me sometimes and that’s why I put the headphones on but they didn’t wanna hear it. My mom started talking about her high blood pressure and how I’m triggering it which I think she does as a guilt-trip sometimes. Like one day when I took too long to do the dishes and her and my dad were like “Is this what you want? Do you want your mother to drop dead because of you stressing her out?” Anyway I ended up not making dinner and went to hide out in my room. A few minutes later as I was writing this post, my dad came upstairs to apologize and say that he only treats me that way because he doesn’t want me to fail at life. Now I kind of feel like a terrible person for feeling upset because he apologized and said he would buy me new headphones. I guess I just need some reassurance that I’m not a terrible person and that it’s not my fault that my parents act the way they do even though it feels like it is.