Trigger warning institutional abuse of native children. I’m not native i’m very much white and i apologize if this isn’t a space for me to be posting if it would be better to post this elsewhere please let me know. When i was 15 i was taken against my will to a residential treatment boarding school for troubled teens. long story short the place was not on the up and up. it deeply traumatized me i witnessed horrible things and i do not consider what happened to me there to be in any way therapeutic neither does my therapist that i see years later. i witnessed children as young as 10 being physically restrained by a group of grown adults for an extremely long period of time. i’ve seen kids be denied care they need medically. i’ve seen emotional abuse be gaslighted by therapists. and much more since i’ve gotten out i’ve done a lot of research about this industry. it’s a multi million dollar industry extremely unregulated please do some research my words in the post alone cannot sum up the horrors of the troubled teen industry. the reason i’m reaching out here is because while i was in this center of about 30 girls i remember one by one four seminole girls arrived. i got to know them very well and they told me that their stay there was being paid for by their reservation and they had a non native education consultant that sent them there. typically the way that girls “graduated” this center was their parents run out of money and then the center pretends like they are all better and sends them on. (one key detail is no students at this center or other troubled teen industry centers have absolutely zero contact with the outside while in these centers. any contact with their parents is strictly monitored and controlled by the staff students are no allowed to talk poorly of the program) The girls who were native at this center seemed to be kept a longer than the other girls because of the money being used from their tribe fund. My mother for sending me here for a year was effectively scammed out of $100,000 my entire college fund from my dad dying and it did nothing except traumatize me but this is the amount of money they are getting per child. i worry that this is maybe happening to native children on a larger scale. Doing a tiny bit of research on the troubled teens subreddit a woman who posted 5 years ago also noticed this trend with the native children she worked with so i know that my center was not the only one emotionally abusing native children for money. I’m just at a loss of what to do with this information but i want this to be brought to the attention of the right people just incase it’s not already on the right persons radar.