I have seen and heard many different ideas about how the league should comeback, here is my idea that I believe makes most parties involved happy, not counting bad teams. ‪I have heard push back from the group play idea. So I made my own version that could benefit the sides that say group play discredits regular season too much or it is too different from the normal playoff format. My idea is to have group play but 3 of the groups are just playing warm up games, there would 3 five team groups that all play each other one time just to warm up, you could make the groups ones that would be least likely to meet in the playoffs as well. The other group is fighting for the 8th seed in the west. Those teams would be Memphis, San Antonio, New Orleans, Portland and Sacramento. They would play each other twice with the winner taking the 8th seed in the west. To make it more fair for the grizzlies since they had a good lead before the season was stopped in order for them not to get the 8th seed some team has to have a two game lead over them in final records for group play. For example if the Kings finish 8-0 and the grizzlies finish 7-1 the grizzlies still would get the 8th seed but if the kings were to finish 8-0 and grizzlies finish 6-2 the kings would get the 8th seed. If two teams finish with the same best record and they both have a two game lead over the grizzlies they would have a winner take all game for the 8th seed. For example if the kings finished 7-1 and the spurs finished 7-1 and the grizzlies finished 3-5 the final playoff spot would be decided by a winner take all game between the kings and the spurs. After the 8th seed is decided the playoffs would be held as normal with 7 game series. This model includes mores games to recoup more money for the nba, gives teams warm up games to get back into rhythm, keeps a familiar format for the games that really matter for the championship, also makes it so the grizzlies are given a better chance of getting the 8th seed and finally gives those west teams on the out side of the playoffs a chance to get in. The issues I foresee with this format is that it might be too many games especially since the group play phase would lead into a regular playoff scenario if this is too many games to squeeze in I suggest lowering the number games for the warmups to either 3 games or 2. If you have any feed back on this idea I would like to hear it. Thank you. ‬