  Once Wiggins started receiving praise for his recent performances on r/nba, I’ve noticed a lot of people coming out and saying that “we’ve seen this before, he’s the same player but nobody cared back when he was in Minnesota”  Back in Minnesota, he had horrendous efficiency for a volume scorer and didn’t hustle enough to maximize his physical tools on defense. People bashed him for being “useless without the ball in his hands”. All were valid criticisms but he was still young and there was always room for improvement. But he’s improved a ton since coming to Golden State.  First off, he’s taken his defense to another level. He wasn’t bad on defense in Minnesota but he was frequently criticized for being lazy and not hustling on that end of the floor. But in Golden State, I haven’t seen this level of defense from Wiggins ever. Shots falling aren’t always about effort, but a lot of defense is effort and hustle and Wiggins has noticeably elevated his defense a ton since the trade.  His scoring has improved too. He’s no longer an empty volume scorer with terrible efficiency. So far, he’s averaged 23 points on 70% TS with the Warriors. He had a brief efficient stretch at the beginning of this season in Minnesota but fell off again the last couple of months. In Golden State, his shot selection has improved further and he’s been the most efficient of his entire career.  Finally, he’s not just an on-ball player. Another popular criticism of him is that he puts up empty stats on a bad team but he only functions with the ball in his hands so he’ll be a terrible fit with a healthy Warriors team. He’s done so much more than iso in Golden State. He’s been playing off ball a lot, catching and shooting, cutting to the rim, and playing good defense. In fact, the last couple of games I wish Wiggins would have iso’d more and tried to win the game but it looks like Kerr and the Warriors coaching staff are prioritizing him learning the system and embracing the tank this year.  To be clear, I’m not guaranteeing this level of play the rest of his career. It’s entirely possible he’s just busting his ass now because he’s been recently traded and he’ll regress a bit as the season goes on. However, I’m a firm Wiggins believer. I think he’s changed his game a ton and I’m excited to see what he does the rest of his time with the Warriors.