I've seen people who are already saying that Barrett is bad, and that baffles me. Maybe compared to guys like Zion and Ja who are future All-NBA level players at least, yea, he's not as good, but he's still a very talented player. He's averaging about 14 a game, and yea, it's on only 40% efficiency, and yea, he only shoots 32% from three on only 3.5 attempts a game, but you have to think about how horribly built around R.J. this Knicks team is. R.J. is a good ball handler who has potential to be more of a passer than his 2.5 assists a game would suggest, as the Knicks refuse to use him properly. He isn't a very good shooter, so he needs at least above average spacing around him to thrive, and he needs the chance to be a pseudo-PG in that he's the primary or close to primary ball-handler, and he actually has a chance to run the offense. I know he hasn't proven just yet that he has the merit to completely build a team around him, but can we give the man more to work with than Taj Gibson and Elfrid Payton. I'm fine rolling Mitchell Robinson out there for his youth and potential, but you need shooters surrounding those two to be competent, and the Knicks have instead decided that playing (insert one of the 18 veteran, back-to-the-basket PFs on the Knicks roster) and Robinson plus Payton and even Frank Ntilikina is a good idea. After the Marcus Morris trade, a good trade for a rebuilding team with a valuable veteran, R.J. lost his only very good shooter and creator on offense on the team, and the lineup that he has played the most with is Payton - himself - Moe Harkless - Julius Randle - Taj Gibson. Ew. The fact that the Knicks refuse to give Robinson more of a shot to develop is criminal, and I really hope they make strides to help R.J. this offseason and don't turn this into a Magic - Victor Oladipo situation where it takes Oladipo (who, when healthy, I think is R.J.'s ceiling) and trades him away just a year before he takes the jump into stardom. My dream offseason for this Knicks team would be refraining from the bizarre temptation to prove that they're still a FA destination by trading assets for old CP3 and pursue Davis Bertans super hard. Going from Randle and Gibson to Bertans and Robinson would change Barrett's world, and even just drafting a SF or PG who can somewhat shoot and take some pressure off of R.J. on offense would be great. If the Knicks draft LaMelo, the popular pick for them, and sign Bertans and lets say a decent 3 and D SF, they could go from the aforementioned Harkless and Gibson mess to a lineup of LaMelo, Barrett, insert veteran SF who can shoot above 35% from three, Bertans, and Robinson. Of course, the Knicks are the Knicks, and they might just decide that DeMar DeRozan is their star of the future, but I hope that Steve Mills is a bit smarter than Phil Jackson or whoever the last few Knicks' GMs have been (though it's unclear whether it's just Dolan making all of the decisions regardless of positions in the front office). I think R.J. has a lot of potential as a scorer if he can get a better three point shot, and I think he can be like a more modern and valuable version of DeMar if he can also step-up his defense a bit, because he's big enough to be a solid defender. I just hope the Knicks don't ruin his future in classic Knicks fashion.