I wrote this originally as a response to a comment someone said stating that Lebron James is the best player in the nba. It rubbed me the wrong way and I felt it was truly disrespectful to the new era of nba superstars. I decided to make it a post in and of itself because it was too good to get buried on some random comment thread and also to invite honest non emotional rational discussion from a community of basketball minds so here it is in its unedited form because i don’t have the time or desire to parse it out and rewrite it. I’ll at least try to break it up into paragraphs though lol: You dumb fuck. Lebron isn’t even top 5 in the league right now. Kawhi and Kd are top 2 indisputably and interchangeably depending on how much emphasis you put on offense/defense. Harden is clearly better than Lebron even with his defensive deficiencies (he at least applies effort vs. not playing defense at all like Lebron) let’s not forget he led the league in deflections and was second in steals. Let’s not forget he propelled the rockets from a 14 seeds with d league castoffs as starters when 2 of his most important players were injured by going on a historical tear offensively of which the likes the league has never seen and of which Lebron never accomplished even in his prime. Paul George is better than Lebron as he was a viable mvp and defensive player of the league candidate and received votes in each of these categories. Better 3 point shooter and shooter overall and almost as good as a creator as Lebron not to mention he actively seeks to guard the other teams best player which Lebron never did even in his prime. And then you have the Greek kid who is the most dominant player in the paint that we have seen since Shaq, is a superior rebounder than Lebron and also has the ability to facilitate offense and is a defensive force as well. Those five alone are all better than Lebron indisputably. And let’s not forget basketball is a two way sport and the inability and unwillingness to play defense will negate whatever “he averages 28,8,8” bullshit you Lebron koolaid drinkers like to spew. Yeah if you control the ball for 90% of the game you should average minimum 6 assists, I’ll chalk up the extra couple to lebrons superior court vision. (Oh yeah how many assists did harden average? Ok) and if you’re a 6’8 270 lb stat padder you should be able to snatch 8 boards a game (how many boards did Westbrook average as a guard? Ok). 28 points is a nice average notwithstanding the favorable treatment he gets from the refs and the push offs that should be offensive fouls that get called blocks (what was lebrons FT %’ this year? Ok). So right there alone is 5 players that are better than Lebron. Now you can start the argument as to where he fits in compared to other players and if he’s even better than the Anthony Davis’s and Joel embiids and Steph Curry’s of the worlds which are more relevant arguments than trying to pigeon hole him into the top 5 where he doesn’t belong because you non critical thinking fanboy sheep are still drinking that espn koolaid. Never disrespect the new era of basketball players again with that “Lebron James is the best player in the world” major media driven bullshit. Even the media doesn’t drive that narrative anymore because they know it’s not viable and the public isn’t that stupid.