So, last year, I went to visit my grandfather and uncle in South Carolina. We went out fishing, and the water was choppy, but our spirits were up, but we did know about the 3 firemen who disappeared 2 days earlier in the same spot. They were still searching, but the waters were better than they were when that happened, so we thought nothing of it. We went about 40 miles out, to a wreck, and for about 30 mins, the fishing was great. And one the last time I put my line in, I got a nice red drum up fro the wreck! We got it to the boat, the WHAM!!! Out of no where, a monster hammerhead shark comes and nails it, bites it’s body off, and I get the head back in the boat. I have caught sharks before, but the way this shark just bit through this 50 lb fish, it was not like how you would think, no head movements, the shark did not slow down, it just same speed, bit it like it was butter. There was not strong pull of the shark, it was the fish pulling, and then no pulling at all. At this point, I was standing in shin deep in water inside the boat, but we didn’t think much of that. So we put the what was left of the head, and throw it in as shark bait. Then, something happened, my uncle noticed the bilge cap was off, and the bilge tank was full of water. For those who don’t know, the bilge is what makes the boat float, it is the pocket of air that helps the boat float, so it is not good if that has water in it lol. So here we are, 40 miles off shore, with sharks in the water, and blood everywhere, and our boat is going down. So my uncle screams to my grandfather to floor it. I am bringing my line in, not aware of what the fuck is happening, and we kinda just look at my uncle. I am the next one to notice that the bilge was absolutely full of water, and when I say full, I mean full, like no air left inside, it was gushing water out because of how fast we were going. So now we are going 60 mph in 6-8 foot seas, and I’m sitting In a chair, holding on for dear life.  My uncle is half off the boat, trying to bail out water in the bilge, while his fiancé is calling in for coast guard.  It takes about an hour to get back, and it was the scariest hour of my life, my uncle was bailing water the whole time. After an hour, we are 5 miles off the coast, and the coast guard finally comes. We are now stuck with a dilemma, there is a huge wave of wake behind us that would sink the boat in a heart beat if we stopped, so we could t do that, but the coastguard could not catch up. So we end up slowing down, and we take on water again, but it was not enough to sink us. The coast guard pulls up next to us, and me being a 13 year old, they make me get on the huge ass coast guard ship, while my uncle, grandfather, and my uncles fiancé all get to decide what they going to do.  They end up getting to the dock, and the coast guard work as fast as they can to drain the bilge. After the whole ordeal, we were told that we had a 10% survival rate, and that if we hadn’t noticed for a 2 more minutes, we would have end up like those firemen.  We all went back to the apartment, and we had Chinese food for dinner. The part that most people don’t understand about what I thought about the whole thing was, was I would rather go down, 40 miles out, rather than 2 miles out, because of alligators. Sharks are no problem, but gators scare the shit out of me. So yeah, that was my near death experience, I would just like to thank all our service men and women, and especially the Charleston Coast guard. They saved us, and we can not thank them enough for that. And also, pls leave your respects to the 3 firemen who lost there lives out on the water. It is sad, and nobody ever wants to see more numbers up on the board