I'm not sure if this is super close to near death but I feel as if it was. So about a couple months ago I was going to go shopping with a sibling of mine. We decided to take our bikes since there was a new store just recently built and we wanted to check it out. We biked until we went to a final turn to the store, it was in sight. At this point I am walking because am so tired from biking, I feel my heart start to race but I push through it and get to the store. When we arrive my heart is pounding uncontrollably and I sit to take a rest by a load of shopping carts, my sibling pushes me to go on, I wait a little longer, and think maybe I can just slowly walk it off, at this point it becomes a blur but the moments in approaching it are clear but have nothing to describe, just walking to a aisle with cereal, and then it happened. My heart pounds uncontrollably as I am caught by surprise, I feel as if the wind is knocked out of me and a bag has been placed over my head, all I see is black, and only hear ringing, as I struggle to stay upright I destroy the aisle of cereal, my sibling think this is just a joke but start to realize I am in serious danger, I shortly touch a refrigerator and it felt like it was the best thing I touched in my life, as I am begging to any passerby for water, nobody comes to my aid, and I hit the floor. the floor is nice and cold and at this point my sibling has ran off to find any cold drink they can that is not a soda or alcohol, as I stay on the floor in a puddle of sweat ( of which I am not sweating any longer ) I think to myself that "I'm not about to die in a convenience store, my life has lead up to me dying in a store" I finally start to see something, a row of refrigerators that i am about 2 feet away from, there are these little vents at the bottom that have been letting off some cool air and being on that floor was not as miserable as I thought. After about 2 minutes my sibling returned with a Gatorade and some other stuff like a gallon of milk to cool off. I am later met with another challenge, getting home. We went about a mile and a half out, so I cant bike fearing I might have another heat stroke. So i attempt to call somebody at home to come pick me up, they don't answer and I'm put on a voice message. I contact one of their friends ad they pick up but have tried everything to contact them but nothing is working. We just come up with a plan, I send my sibling out to get home and tell the person at home I need to be picked up. That ended up coming out as " he is about to die go save him." and I was done of waiting and try to stand, I do but my stomach area is all tightened up and i have to walk with my back crunched in, and i find some ice cream and i am met with the person at home calling my name, I tell them to get to the car I will explain what happened, I got home, and about 5 minutes later we pick up our bikes that were parked by the back of the store, and everything was suddenly normal.