It was 2015... we were in beautiful Cancun Mexico having the time of our lives. I wanted to go take a dip in the ocean and just soak in this paradise before we had to depart. Alone I wandered to collarbone high water (wayyyyy to deep to be in BTW) and began to appreciate everything. The swell began to build and it was building quickly and I began to start to swim back. I noticed that I wasn’t going anywhere as I didn’t know the rule of swimming in large swells (sideways, not directly forward) and the waves were now 7 feet tall easily and I was beginning to feel myself getting sucked out to deeper water. I swam and swam as hard as I could only to not gain any distance closer to the shore and the panic began to set in. I was exhausted and swallowing water at an alarming rate. I thought that this was going to be the end, drowning in my own stupidity and not paying attention when the water I was in deserved all of it. After what felt like a lifetime of swimming and struggling I felt a hand grab me and start to drag me towards the shore... it was the lifeguard... He got me to shore no shorter that 45 seconds. I hugged him, weeping, bawling my eyes out. He didn’t speak English well but I think he could sense the relief that was pouring off of me and he hugged me tight until I could regain my composure. As I did finally gain my composure back I thanked him endlessly and walked off the beach back to my room, exhausted and overcome with emotion. I never told my friends I was with what I happened as I felt embarrassed. I did sleep that night, probably from exhaustion, and I could feel the waves and the motion of the ocean for the next couple of nights as it would terrorize me when I slept, awaking me from dead sleeps. I haven’t been back to the ocean since and sometimes I’ll dream about it and I will have night terrors and wake up in a puddle of sweat and be unable to sleep the rest of the night. I definitely have PTSD from it and that memory will haunt me forever. I hope one day I can return to the ocean one day as it truly is a beauty and a beast.