Oh boy where do i even start! I guess it all happened on the first week of school and i had dance class, i wanted to get out of my comfort zone so i thought this class would help with that, oh boy was i wrong. There were mainly females and two boys, one i hated with a deep passion ever since kindergarten and the neckbeard, let's call him chaz. Chaz was quiet and had no friends in the class while i had two, all three of us decided to talk to him and maybe become friends, at first he really seemed to be a nice dude but as weeks went by he started acting odd. To no surprise chaz liked my friend, let's call her amber, she was well liked by the boys so it didn't come to us as a shock, one day he came up to me and asked if i could draw a picture of him and her getting married. He knew i was trying to improve my art skills so i said sure and thought of it as a joke. But after a couple of days my friend amber ended up dating a friend i knew so chaz went up to me and asked if i could draw a picture him and ME getting married. I was taken a back and was a little freaked out. Of course i didn't do it but that didn't stop chaz from talking to me or staring at me from across the classroom. Things got even weirder when he started wearing a fedora everyday, yes, a fedora. On certain occasions chaz was caught trying to look into the girls locker room when ever he had the chance but would get called out for it by the guys to which he would only laugh pervertedly in response. I don't know what happened or what caused him to start acting weird but it was only a matter of time before he did something worse. It was around October when everyone found out that he now had a girlfriend which, surprise surprise, was a "nice girl", or in actuality, insane, i would often catch her telling him that she would murder him if he left her, what a sweetheart. Although she would threaten him that didn't stop him from trying to flirt with me to which i dodged every time. It was the week of Halloween and it was our first dance performance so everyone was a little nervous, at this time it was well aware that i had a boyfriend and chaz suddenly stopped talking to me. But the night of the performance i was sitting outside the theater trying to calm myself down when chaz suddenly sat next to me catching me off guard. We talked for a bit when suddenly he mentioned my boyfriend saying he was no good for me. I just laughed it off until he said he had a secret to tell me. I was good at keeping secrets so he knew he could trust me but this was the one secret i didn't want to keep hidden. He whispered in my ear and told me that he would often touch himself while taking a shower and would think of all the girls in dance class while doing it and that I was his favorite. He then stood up and left inside the theater leaving me shocked. Immediately i went to my friend's and told them everything, they were disgusted but there wasn't much we could do since we were about to go on stage. I wish I wasn't told this before a dance performance it really threw me off at the time. Since then i didn't talk to him and just tried avoiding him. Last I heard he was hit by a car but survived