 I dated someone who was a close friend of my friends whom i haven't met in awhile. We met through a party hosted by one of my friends. Note that these are my guy friends who were my classmates in the past. I had no expectations when I attended the party and it has been awhile since I reconnected with these them so meeting someone through them made me feel so happy that I made to choice to not exclude myself from meetups. We dated for awhile and, during all of those months, I trusted my friends who are also his friends. I felt like he was serious because I thought that there is no way those friends would just watch as I get hurt or even participate in actions that would hurt me. Until, things started to get shaky in our relationship and, little did I know, they share to other people the thoughts i entrusted through chats and text messages and are even judging me. Most especially, I didn't expect that they will be the ones to introduce a girl to him while we were (or I WAS) still "fixing" all the mess. He ended things with me to date the new girl and I felt so betrayed as I witness the parties I wasn't part of and seeing all their happy photos together with the new girl as if I didn't happen and as if losing me and being with the new girl is the best and funnest thing in the world. I got depressed. I felt alone. I felt excluded. Since there is more of them and since they are shameless and acted as if they didn't hurt and ruin someone's life, they continue living their best lives and attending hangouts together with the guy and the new girl and even host parties and reunions in their homes. They all join the zoom parties being held during this time. As a person who cannot muster the courage to be around the people who hurt me, I felt like the only choice I have is to not go and not be around them or people who can bring up things or whom I could ask things from that could hurt me. This includes my friends who are enablers of what happened and even friends who didn't really do anything to hurt me. I avoided them because they would ask me things or probably trigger me with an information that could hurt me. Also, I felt like I don't want anyone to have any idea how I am living now. or to let someone who saw the new girl and the guy to see me and compare or feel bad or see how little and worthy I am of being replaced. So it has been awhile since I am only watching from a distance how they are all having fun online without me. Not an apology or anything. Not bothered by my absence and living their best lives. I felt excluded. I feel alone. I try to comfort myself that I should just let those people go seeing how I am always hurt and overthinking when I am with them. I want to remind myself that I don't need them and they don't care about me. But I can't help but see them have so much fun together without me and that would make me feel empty. I don't matter to anyone. I will never be part of that group anymore because they have already accepted new people and are completely fine without me forever.