Hey Everyone. You can call me Anxious Panda (Not my real name). I'm 18 years old. My birthday is on the eighth of August. I'm currently pursuing... Oh, wait! This isn't an interview, it's just a Reddit post about me. I realised that this quarantine season getting on my nerve and idk this is probably the worst time to be lonely. That's why I decided to post this. Yay! So that's all? No, absolutely not. I decided to tell y'all something about myself. A window into my life. Something which I've been hiding for a long time. So, here I'm writing my heart out. It might be a bit boring so I request you to stop reading if you feel it's gonna waste your time. Go ahead and continue scrolling... Well, you're still here, good! I do want to give you a small disclaimer before I continue. Whatever I'm gonna write now is the way I look at myself, other people may perceive me differently. Now we're cool? Cool! So, I'm just like any other person out there who's trying to survive and find a meaning in life. But I like to see myself a bit differently. I sometimes question my very existence. What purpose do I serve on this planet? Well, it's a question whose answer I'm still trying to figure out. Anyways, I'm a complicated and difficult person. It's really tough for anyone to be my friend. You see, I have this really bad anxiety problem which simply doesn't let me trust anyone or anything. Because of my anxiety, I take everything personally. If someone takes a little too long to answer a text, I start making assumptions. They don’t want to talk to me. I’m annoying them. They’re ignoring me on purpose. They don’t like me. They hate me. Even if I receive an answer after five short minutes, I will still look too far into details. If the text is short or sounds snippy, then I will worry that I am wasting their time, that they are only answering me to be polite. I will fool myself into thinking I shouldn’t have sent the text in the first place. It doesn’t matter how long I have known someone. I need constant reassurance that I am loved. Otherwise, I will jump to the worst-case scenario. I will assume that I have done something to upset them, that they don’t want me around anymore, that everything is against me. Well, you can say I have major trust issues. And due to this very reason (and a couple of other reasons too), I recently lost a very close friend of mine. I lost someone who stood by me when no one did, someone very important. I really miss her a lot. So yeah, I clearly have issues. But enough of that now. Moving on, I would like to talk about the fact that I've seen people judge me for my looks, the way I talk, the way I interact and it just makes me sick to my stomach. Honestly, I just don't like being judged. I too used to judge people, not gonna lie but I stopped doing that a while ago. I also have anger issues. This something which my roommates and perhaps even my classmates can tell you. I lose my temper very easily. But it's something I'm working on and hopefully, I'll be able to overcome it. What else? Umm... Oh right. I also don't like being around people too much. I really like the comfort of my own bed. I like to sit in complete darkness with my earphones on, disconnected from the real world and lost in my fantasy. (Btw if you got some nice music recommendations then please hmu.) I also like to play with words. Sometimes I just let the emotions flow through my words. One more thing, I'm super lazy. Like seriously super-duper lazy. What else? Well... I suffer from FOMO. So, please just tell me the latest gossip. And oh yeah, I have some major OCD problem. It's really hard to live with that but I'm trying my best. I like to rant a lot. Just give me a topic. Now coming to the good stuff, I'm a huge Marvel fan but my favourite movie series is Back to the future. My all-time favourite song is Bohemian Rhapsody and I'm currently hooked up to If I can't have you. My favourite colour is blue and I am an Apple fanboy. Talking about love, the thing is that... you know what? Let's leave something for the next time. And at last (I promise this the last one), no matter how much people hate me and no matter how many bad things are there on my way, I'll never give up. That's one thing that I've learnt through my struggle to exist is to not give up. Oh wow! I just realised that I've written a lot. As I told you before I overthink a lot so idk if I'm even gonna post this or not. If you're reading it then probably, I've made the biggest mistake of my life. What's done is done. No looking back. TL;DR I'm a not so selfish individual with a bad temper suffering from anxiety and OCD. Honestly speaking, a lot of people seeing this post might not even read it, some might make fun of me but there will be someone out there who's gonna understand and probably relate to me. So to that person out there, a huge virtual hug. If you've made this far then I would like to thank you so much for taking out time to read this. It truly means a lot. Even after reading all of this about me, if you're still interested in talking to me and maybe even telling your own story then please DM me. I'm all ears now. That's all from my side folks. It's truly very relaxing to finally let all of this flow away from my mind. Adios!