29, male, midwest USA, caucasian, tall, friendly, fashionable, areligious, left-leaning but politically unaffiliated, heterosexual, artsy, tolerant, offbeat, easygoing. I live with family right now, and I spend a lot of time working in education and writing poetry. I live out by big forests, prairies, marshes, lakes, etc. Interests include art, books, writing, games, music, art history, animals, sports, trivia, poetry, cooking, plenty more. Discussing any of those things or really any interesting topic is a good way for me to blow off steam often. I try to be a good conversationalist. I was actually a psychology student in a former life so I am a good listener myself and have some perspective. But I struggle with anxiety, depression, bad ADHD and panic that goes untreated. All I do to help myself is smoke pot and that causes me issues too. I think the things I have struggled with most lately are coping with being unhappy and being lonely. But I have a hard time because I'm shy and don't want to talk to anyone about it. I have some other non-mental health issues that impact and dog me pretty severely, like asthma and severe allergies. Despite it all, I stay relatively well employed and have made plenty of progress in recent years in a lot of areas of life. But my neuroses are just starting to feel like too much for me to bear. I got in trouble at work for being profane. I guess a customer or two had complained, about cursing or something or other. My boss actually defended me and handled it the best way they could have, but of course you still have to have a conversation about it, and it hurt my heart so much. It made me feel like a puzzle piece that doesn't fit into the greater puzzle. I know I get compliments about the work I do too. It's all just a part of life. But I'm so sensitive, and it's all becoming so hard to bear alone. I have no one really to confide in and I have no idea what I need to do to trust people, believe in myself, not take things personally, be at peace, find motivation, be happy, etc. Trying to figure it all out is so exhausting and all I want to do is shut myself away and be alone, it feels like the only thing that helps. I'm just seeking anyone to talk to who can make me feel comfortable and can get me to open up but frankly right now that feels like something I probably should be paying someone with a medical degree to do but I just can't deal with the health care system any more than I do right now. Finding positive people on the internet to chat with about little insignificant things seems more likely. Fire me a DM if you want to have a conversation, I know it could help me out a lot to blab and feel listened to...