Anyone else go through moments of trying to be positive? Only to realize why the fuck should we have to try to do or be anything? Why do we have to come up with these ways to cope maybe through belief systems e.g religion, drugs, internet, gaming, tv, internet, movies or even hobbies. Its all a distraction. I can't help but see life as just not worth living. Its not even because I desire anything. I realize desiring things you dont have is a big cause of suffering (buddhism). A lot of NEETs definitely do this and it ruins life for them. I dont. I dont want anything. If I try to just be present in the moment thats fine and all you can turn off your thoughts and just be. That is really just a cope though in a sense because life is still meaningless. Whether you are aware of it or not doesn't change that simple fact. I can't see one single reason why I am alive. I have no desire to do 'better'(just perspective/opinion) or be anything other than I am right now. I have no interest in humanity. I have no interest in getting out of NEETdom. I have no interest in making money. I have no interest in everything other than finding peace finally and understanding all of this. Not sure where this bullshit rant is going tbh. I guess I want to ask do you guys ever go on and off the positive path? Its sad of me to even write this. My existence is irrelevant and so is my opinion. Im just another fucking meat bag full of organs. I am literal garbage. Only the ego keeps you in the mindset of thinking you are better or smarter. Only the ego creates division. Division of race or belief systems or wagie vs neet. Even sports teams. Slaves fight over who supports which sports team. We are all meat bags with zero purpose. We create our purpose if we wish to. Anything other than that is pure bullshit. I guess I am done with all of this. I wouldnt call it depression. Id call it finally putting down the ego and I have had enough of lying to myself pretending to be an individual. Someone or something unique when I am just consciousness in another form. Similar to a dog or cat. I am a fucking meat bag sack of organs with no purpose and I felt I should write this to more publically shit on my ego or false self. This identity I have created that is not really me. I feel everyone should seriously look at this image they have been holding up. Everyone is doing it. The NEETs and the wagies. Everyone. Just write a comment shitting on yourself. Your ego. Your false self that your project outwards. Its all bullshit. I dont even know who I am sometimes. I am lost. Lost at sea and the waters of life will soon drown me.