So, I live in a small row home with a concrete backyard. My neighbors house is exactly the same. They have two bedrooms, one bathroom, a downstairs living/dinning room and a kitchen. 3 adults live in the house and 2 children (sometimes a 1yr old comes over to be babysat/visit). One of the adults is an elderly woman who’s paraplegic and is confined to the downstairs area. The adults yell and scream at each other, the kids, the dogs all hours of the night. Curse at the children. The kids who live there are 10 and 8. These neighbors have 6 dogs. 4 small dogs that constantly bark day and night. If you’re outside and they hear the smallest sound, it’s constant barking for 10 minutes. The dogs shit and piss everywhere and the neighbors do not clean it up. Because the yard is full of poop they store their trash in the front of the house in a large locked storage container that has a kitty condo(place for stray cats to stay that they never clean) and it all smells horrible. Putrid even. So we can’t ever open any windows to let fresh air in nor can we sit and enjoy our backyard because it smells and the dogs bark at you. I’ve never seen the bigger two dogs but the owner told me the exist, which means they aren’t allowed in the back yard and are never taken for walks. There’s also a few inside cats as well. Now if the house smells this bad on the outside I can’t imagine how it must smell on the inside. Children should not have to live like that ever. We written to every and all resources we could find for the area our landlord even said to put his name on everything if necessary. We contacted our city councilman who said they’d send someone out right away, no one ever came. Now that it’s closer to summer and everything is heating up it smells like literal death. And instead of being inside and yelling all the time they’ve moved outside. I don’t judge on looks typically but these people look as disgusting as they act too. We’ll probably end up moving since the last tenants at the same problems with these people and left also. It just sucks that we have to stay confined inside our home can’t enjoy the yard and garden all because of these disguising pieces of shit and a city who does nothing. I can’t believe the safety of children, an infant, animals, and an elderly woman is at risk everyday and no one has come to do anything.