So I’ve seen outrage that George Floyd’s murderer was only charged with third degree murder, and not first degree. First, as a disclaimer, I am not defending the cop who I won’t name. What he did was murder, and the protests that followed are justified in my eyes. Now, it’s time for an explanation. In the United States of America, different states have different ways to charge someone with murder. In 47 states the two classifications are first degree and second degree: second degree being a murder that is not premeditated, but ends up with you killing someone with malice afterthought. For example, let’s say that you are a landlord, and you are having a dispute with one of your tenets over rent. When you are at their apartment, you grab a kitchen knife and stab your tenet in the chest, killing them. That’s second degree murder, because while you didn’t have the intention to kill your tenet when you got there, when you stabbed them you had the intention to kill. First degree murder is a murder you premeditated, or intended to commit. If you hide in the bushes with a shotgun and wait for someone you hate to walk by, then murder them, that’s first degree murder. Now, Minnesota is weird because it has a third classification of murder: third degree murder. Third degree in Minnesota is a depraved heart murder, described as “without intent to effect the death of any person, causing the death of another by perpetrating an act eminently dangerous to others and evincing a depraved mind, without regard for human life.” That’s why the cop was charged with third degree, and not first or second. Let’s start with why the prosecution wouldn’t charge him with second degree. Because the cop had his knee on Floyd’s neck for eight minutes during an arrest, the defense can say that he was simply trying to restrain Floyd, accidentally killing him. This would probably result in the cop getting a lesser sentence anyway. It’s not first degree because there is no evidence the cop woke up with the intention to murder anyone; being racist is not a valid intention. This is, unless, he told someone or wrote down that he was gonna go off and murder a black man that day, then it becomes first degree. Right now it’s third degree because it’s the easiest to prosecute with the evidence they have: it doesn’t matter if the officer was restraining Floyd, it still resulted in his murder. This was an dangerous act perpetrated by the cop that was done with a depraved mind and without regard for human life, but with no evidence that the cop had the intent to kill Floyd. That’s why it’s third degree, and not first or second. The cop is facing a maximum of 25 years in prison, plus whatever else he’ll be charged with. As a final note, the charge can become first degree if the cop’s wife, friend, neighbor, or co-worker comes toward with evidence that the cop wanted to kill someone that day.