My fiancé and I have a 4-year-old male newfoundland. He got him when we were dating, so naturally he is much more possessive over my fiancé as they lived together alone for 1 year. As a puppy and even well into his first year he was much more vocal, mouthy, and hyper than your typical newfie. There were several times, even after he was full grown (130 pounds) that he attacked me in an aggressively playful manner, drawing blood. Things have gotten tremendously better since then, and for the most part all he does is lay around in true newfie fashion. He’s sweet, cuddly, and just wants to be with his people. However, we can’t go anywhere in public or even to others’ homes without him turning into a completely different dog. If he can’t see or reach my fiancé he will do anything to get to him, even if that means dislocating my shoulder or knocking down anyone/anything in the way. He also has a barking problem and will bark and lunge at people on walks or even after seeing them walk by through the window. If he were to reach that person I do not think he would be violent as he loves people, even strangers. However, we have stopped taking him to dog parks because within the last 1-2 years he has started viciously attacking other dogs. This particularly occurs if he has a tennis ball - the only object he ever grows possessive of. We avoid letting him have these. Previously he got along with every single dog - no problem. My fiancé enrolled him in behavioral classes when he was younger and has spent hours doing one on one training, but it seems as though these problems are only growing worse. He doesn’t listen to me as well as he listens to my fiancé, and often times when I’m trying to work with him or reprimand him he will run behind my fiancé as if he’s wanting protection from me. We’re at a loss with what to do with our sweet boy who turns into a monster periodically. It’s also hard to work with him when he only acts out in such specific situations. At home he is your typical newfie. Anywhere else, he is obsessed with my fiancé and completely out of control. Tips/resources would be greatly appreciated.