Yesterday (second day), I pulled a 12 hour (1100-2300). Nothing too crazy. Today was great. I call today the smelly day. First off, my boots, which are new, are giving off a foul odor. I usually don’t smell like this. So there’s that. I also slept in the back of our out-of-service box trucks. I had two hospital blankets. It was still freezing. From 3-6 they let me sleep in the lounge. I didn’t want to take either couch because I’d leave it to the overnight crew. Today was another 12 (700-1900). It turned out to be until 2100, due to an IFT. Myself and a fellow EMT did our truck check at 7. Come 8 am, we had a 911 call: cardiac arrest/possible DOA. Rigor was fucking setting in. Hell yeah, they were dead. That house smelled weird. We ran IFT/NET calls all day. Within those calls, we had 911 calls. One was a man (bed-ridden) with possible septic shock (maybe?). He had a catheter in him that was causing issues, along with a urine bag, which was cloudy. That smell was strong. Nice guy, though. And he was pretty big. It took three of us to lift the stretcher. Another call was an elderly woman who passed out. I’m not sure of the details. It’s possible it was a seizure. She was kind of out of it when we took her. She soiled herself. Hours later, we got the call from the ED saying to pick her up. She kept asking where she was and where we were taking her. We kept trying to explain “home” and back to the facility. She wasn’t having it. Plus she started to cry. I felt terrible. I didn’t know what to say. I’m assuming she was a dementia patient. She didn’t know where she was when we brought her back. She said “this isn’t my home”. Oh, then we had the elderly patient with signs of a stroke from two weeks prior. His daughter was very upset, and wanted him to go. One of my DC’s tried her best to convince him. He never been to a hospital (doubt?). He wasn’t going. When we asked why, he said because he doesn’t want to live anymore. My crew was quietly talking about a 302 transport. Two police offers were on scene as first responders. They were cool. We transported him. No restraints. I felt bad but there are words you don’t say to medics. Sadly, I do know that feeling. We transported the usual way, only now an ED police officer followed us into the room to wand the pt for weapons (he can wand me anytime). I felt bad. I, again, couldn’t find the right words to say to maybe convince him to go. I’m still new. I’m shy and I usually just let the rest of my crew take lead. We had IFTs/NETs, and one or two other 911 calls. But it’s been busy. I know, there’s going to be plenty of gross things, but for right now, I just have to talk about it. We were busy all day. This is the norm, too. I was told I have to talk to my patients more (it’s hard to hear for he ones that are slurred), and be more aggressive (I think assertive is the right word). So far, I think I have a supportive team. And half the guys are eye candy, especially two District Chiefs.