Well, next week will make two months since I've joined the night shift. And still, feeling horrible. If you've seen my previous posts you will know that I have been full blown ranting about it. Well, I made an attempt on getting moved to first. Basically, I am put on a list, of all of the third shifters that wish to go. It is also based on seniority too. So, there can be people that can get there, way sooner than me. They couldn't give me an approximate time. "Maybe 6 months, maybe a year? There's no telling. It all depends on the list and what first needs.". Six months? ONE YEAR? Man.. I don't know if I can hang on. Come to find out from my lead, he's been third shift and waiting for his transfer for like two fucking years. Mother of god, why the long ass wait? It's been hard. Before this, when I worked days, I felt in my best shape. I was regularly working out, meditating, exercising, and eating healthy and ACTUALLY SLEEPING. So I felt mentally and physically the best. Now, take all of that out, and that is where I am at. Mentally? Fucked. I walk in this constant fog, I feel like a zombie. My memory is so shot, I can work the whole day, and remember barely anything. I barely remember shit during the week. Almost like I am drunk. My mood has been so low. The depression and random irritable mood swings are so intense I can't even control them at times.  I just can't for the life of me cheer up. I never see anyone. Family friends you name it. Physically I am literally running on fumes. I have no energy, at all. I feel exhausted all the time even on days off. I've prepped my room to be night shift like, but my sleep is constantly broken, and even when I do sleep, I wake up feeling drunk with a MASSIVE headache, feeling like I didn't sleep. Diet has gone to the wayside. I eat like crap because it gives me an energy boost because I am fighting my eyelids during work. Stomach bloated as hell, anytime anything caffeine related hits it, it rumbles like crazy and I burp on an excessive level. Honestly what makes me kinda upset is the fact that I've pushed on this long, when I speak to day people, they seem to have no sympathy. "I did it before" "I don't know what your problem is, I could totally do it". I just feel really isolated and fucked up about the whole experience. I'm just giving insight as to why I have been so aggressive on my posts on the past. Is there any current or former night shifters in here that have endured a similar experience? Thank you for taking the time to read.