I was in a little old cabin by a lake, like you could into the backyard and with 30 ft there was the lake. There was a big mess of sticks and such. Inside was nice, modern-ish. There was a poster that we were told was the bottom of a slide in the backyard. A little secret thing. We thought it was fun. I went down the slide once, it was a wide and short slide. Later in the evening we were reading marshmallows outside. My family is with me, my mom mentions she used to live here. Way way back. It was a safe place for those of color and sexuality. Aka. Not straight people. And that, even before that a serial killer lived there. Totally psycho. At some point we found candles in the ground with long chains, the top was barely out. They both said "if these are lit, you're safe" and we lit and hung them up, because why not. We figured she was joking about the last part. Later that night, everyone is asleep and I'm outside, gathering stones and twigs and such.  Suddenly, it felt like something tripped me. The big mess of sticks from earlier looked like a giant spider. When I say giant I mean like a car and a half wide and 3 tall. The more I looked the more it moved, it was very slow. I eventually was able to kick it off and into the lake. I swear it was staring at me as it sunk. As I was going to head back inside, I could hear my gods SCREAMING at me to stop, to wake up and to watch out. I didn't listen and kept walking. Just as I had noticed the candles were no longer lit I fell into the slide. But it was narrow and long now. I saw a bar on the roof which I quickly grabbed. I stopped but it hurt my shoulders. The top of the slide was open and the moon was perfectly at the top so the inside had been brightened enough for me to see. I could see a mannequin, but it quickly clicked it was more than that... [GORE WARNING] it was made of flesh that was dry and stretched. Some parts were painted, it had a dress that also seemed to be made of flesh. It had black beady eyes that seemed to follow my movement. Everytime I looked away it got a little closer and its smile a little wider. It smelled like rotting corpses and death down here. I kept staring as to keep it from moving. I screamed for help all night, actually someone heard me and rushed outside. At this point I'm noticing its flooding, but the liquid is warm. Part of me knows it's not water but I refuse to look at it. I keep staring into the eyes of this doll and it feels like the face is slowly distorting. Eventually a rope hits one of my shoulders I let go with one arm to reach for the rope, I get it and I am pulled up. At this point the sun comes up, and my entire bottom half of my body is covered in a thick black liquid. The sun is slowly coming up and we left the cabin soon after. I had to go into therapy for the doll, they tried to convince me it wasn't real, that it was a nightmare. But I knew better. They never found that doll. Day or night. I thought I had woken up from the nightmare, but it felt off. I looked around my room, there was a knocking at my door that caught my attention but I heard whatever it was walk away. I look slowly back to my closet, I knew something was there and I was right. The doll. It screamed "THIS WAS REAL". it hurt my ears to listen to, there was pain in its face and it made me feel cold. It sounded like a mix of a little girls voice and an adult man's voice. I suddenly woke up. Cold sweat. I feel so deeply disturbed after this nightmare, I keep getting flashes to the inhumanely wide grin and black eyes, just peeking out of the shadow. The screaming. I feel awful.