Hi, I’m trying to get rid of this feeling of unease. Just woke up at 3am from a nightmare. I was outside my house with my family. For some reason my brothers and my dad and myself were in my moms van, driver seat empty, when the car took off fast and hard without anyone behind the wheel. My younger brother was in front and for a minute we were just confused thinking he was driving. When we realized he wasn’t we braced to hit something but we just kept going. For some reason I decided to be very wreck less and managed to move from the back to the driver’s through the outside, opening the car door and stopping the car before we could crash. I turned us around and went home. We park and were indoors when we realized my grandma was outside, crying in the rain. It had been about two hours in the dream since the car had flown off and we though she was upset about that so we went outside to comfort her but she was upset about an old friend of hers getting sick and dying. At this time I noticed the neighbors were out, it was late outside but it was okay to see lighting wise. I went over to talk to one, a cowboy of sorts who was fond of conspiracy theories. He was very nervous and antsy, mumbling and packing a bag. He said he didn’t like that he could hear the police so often and so close and he was leaving. I told him it was probably because of covid stuff. Then he said that the neighbor’s ghost was up haunting around. One of the neighbors did indeed have a ghost, we could see her. When I walked back to my house to speak with my mom and grandma about what the neighbor was saying the van took off again alone. It we smashed through our black metal fence and into a house across the street with the force of a long head-start but we knew it had just be parked there. It was almost like it had been pushed because the door had been ajar and got caught in the iron fence but it just came off instead of stopping the velocity of the van it was going so hard. Once it crashed we looked back at were it had been parked thinking it wasn’t possible to go with that much force from 0. As we watched a weird black hat scarf thing leaped out of the drive way, it was practically skipping gleefully. It stopped when it noticed me and narrowed its eyes and turned into a tiger (idk man). It stated me down and prepared to fight. At this moment something shifted completely and I went from staring down the tiger to staring down a possessed man and woman standing behind a glass window in my house. They were panting heavily and looked manic, heads tilted down and eyes up. I began to pray. There was baking soda in my hands for some reason and I threw it at figures behind the window. The woman disappeared and the man stood there the same except some of the baking soda was making it onto his face. When I ran out out began to run. I knew I was dreaming and was trying to get myself to wake up. I think more people like the man began to come out as I begged myself to wake up. When I finally managed my heart was pounding.