I’ve been having this reoccurring nightmare. I will be in dream and out of the corner of my eye I will catch the glimpse of a guy. Well, not just any “guy”. This “thing” has no hair at all,light grey skin,pointed ears,about 7 feet tall and above anything else he is skinny...holy fuck is he skinny. Every time I happen to see him whatever I’m doing stops and I can’t stop focusing on him. The dream is still happening around me but it happens in the background and he is in the foreground. Yesterday night in my dream I saw him again. I was at my house, it was the middle of the night and I was in my backyard. The only light I have back there is right above the door so it is not very illuminated at night except for the moon. I can’t really remember what I was doing but I remember that I was about to go back inside when I noticed something. The silhouette of the top of my fence wasn’t straight how it usually was. It had a bump towards the edge. “It must be a corner pillar piece that i had previously installed” I thought. Regardless of what i thought it was I decided to flash my phone flashlight on it and there he was. The “thing” was standing behind my fence peeking his head over and directly at me. This was the closest he’s ever gotten and I was able to see in even greater detail his face. He appeared to have no eyelids or nose, the corners of his mouth and eyes were stretched out to a uncomfortable amount and he had a confused face on him. I got startled but I built up the courage to say something to him. I don’t remember exactly what u said but i basically told him to fuck off. The “thing” just stood there unfazed by what u had just said. We kept our eyes on each other for awhile longer and finally he ducked under the fence and left. I thought that would be the end of it so I walked inside. I quickly forgot about the incident and I continued with all my nighttime routines. My bed is right next to a window so it is fairly cold. I crawled into bed, covered myself with some enormous blankets and I closed my eyes. Not a minute later I heard tapping at my window. By the sound of it I deduced it came from a twig so assumed it was a tree or something. Nevertheless I decided to uncover my head and turn left. Again,I saw its face. Just looking at me. As soon as I saw him he made sort of a crooked smile and I woke up screaming. The image of him smiling burned in my head. I am terrified at what will happen next time he infests my dream seeing as he gets progressively closer each time. I will have to consider not sleeping or something.