Ok so I was real late to the party and got my Switch last summer, and it quickly became my favorite place to game, and have rarely touched my PS4 or steam library ever since.  The very first Switch game I ever bought was Breath of the Wild, and so it was the first Switch game I played, and I was immediately blown away by the graphics and art style, both in handheld and in docked mode.  I played a little of it, wandered around, died a lot, hated that my weapons kept breaking, and generally felt lost/stuck in several places.  It felt very big and I felt a little overwhelmed by it.  Also, having played Red Dead Redemption 2, Assassin's Creed Odyssey and Arkham Knight on PS4, I was a little fatigued with third-person open world adventures.  I recognized what an accomplishment it was for Nintendo, but overall I admit I felt at the time it was overrated, and not very groundbreaking for video games in general, so I didn't understand all the exuberant praise it received as one of the greatest games ever made.  I quickly moved on to other games...building my Switch library to what I feel is a pretty impressive digital collection now, ranging from first person shooters like Wolfenstein: The New Colossus and Doom 2016; strategy games like Civilization 6, Mario + Rabbids, and Fire Emblem Three Houses; indie titles like Celeste; RPGs like Divinity Original Sin 2; and even silly sports games like Mutant Football League, among many other games under different genres.  So what I mean is I've sampled pretty much all that the Switch can do, and all it did/does for me is make me love the system more.  Recently, after getting a little bored with some of the games I've been playing, I went back to BoTW, and felt pretty excited about giving it another try since the controls are pretty simple and don't take much to jump back into after a long time.  Well...I got past the spot I was stuck at, and I reached civilization...the first village, finally.  I see now there are side quests, there are shops, there are upgrades, crafting options, and more destinations and characters than I originally thought.  Believe it or not, I didn't even know you could change Link's armor, and then later the color of his armor.  Long story short, the game opened up for me.  Yes, it always seemed "open" and vast, but in a strange way these characteristics made the early gameplay (at least for me) feel quiet, desolate, and empty.  Now I understand why these elements of adventure and exploring are so fun...because they ARE broken up by elements that I just wasn't patient enough to see.  I see that it's A LOT more than meets the eye...maybe that's on me, or maybe the game shouldn't start so slow?  Either way, I have to give credit to where it's due, especially since I have said on several occasions how  I think the game is overrated, and now the more I play it, the further I get from that belief.