Well I'm a just describe how my life( just turned 20 not a really long life) has been like and and am gonna continue to document my nofap journey I had a really bad addiction so if anyone wants to follow a horrible withdraw just follow me. Well I've been fapping since I was 11/12 started looking at porn periodically at 10. I have always had an addictive personality probably has alot to do that my parents never loved each other I was just a one night stand gone wrong and ever since I was little I knew all their fighting was because of me and that I'm the reason their lives are miserable until one day I just told myself that it's their life and everyone gets divorced if they don't want to they can spend their miserable lives together. I was like 7 when I came up with that kind of sad. But ever since little I've had addictive tendencies sugar/video games were things I binged ever since like 4. I grew up without much family my parents are immigrants here in California so I didn't really grow up with much family and if so it was for a period and then they went away forever to some far off land called Mexico is what they told me still haven't reconnected with any of them. And my dad worked all day while my mom stayed home with me and didn't let me go outside as we lived in a really bad neighborhood so I just stayed inside played video games and never had much social interactions. When I was 6 though life took a great turn I moved across the state and had 2 aunties and 2 cousins who I can call family as mine argued whenever they were around each other. Lived in a better area where I can go outside play and make friends was also in sports boxing and soccer. When I was 10 my dad lost his job and we had to move away with my dad's sisters family and well living with them was basically a nightmare I was never aloud to leave my room and essentially spent 5th and 6th grade in a tiny bathroom stall room because I could not for the life of me get along with my cousins as well as dealing with my grandma who is the first grandparent I had ever met just treat me different than everyone else in the house. I'm not gonna get so into it because living there alone was a nightmare and we'll put me into a deep depression at a really young age as well as feeling abandoned by my aunties because they didn't really care about making time for me. When I was 11 about to turn 12 end of 6th grade we moved out but my parents had to work both all day long to even pay rent but they got me and iPod to keep me entertained luckily we lived right across from a Lowe's that gave us free wifi or else it would have essentially been a brick. But at this point my parents were too busy to switch me schools so I had to ride the bus 1 hour 1/2 each way to and from school so 3 hours on the bus daily just to get home to a house without anyone in it just a matress on the floor in the living room that was my bed alone at night to fall asleep before my parents came home and leave before they woke up. This time in particularly hurt me because life had just gotten better but I'd lost absolute connection with my mom who was the only one I'd ever had a connection with as my dad was as emotional as a wall. At this point I start getting into watching porn daily it was just a sensation I'd never felt before and well my daily life had been painfully dull for the past year and a half and I jerked off for this first time and it soon became a daily thing at 11 bout to be 12 and it only got worse from there as life never changed much and still moved around periodically. Eventually my social anxiety got so bad I dropped out during the 9th grade and you can only imagine how much I was pmoing then. I imagine I'm a have a extremely rough flatline maybe even year long flatline but if you wanna follow my progress I would love some support. At this point in my life i don't have a diploma I barely have 30 credits in highschool and I try to work 12 hours a day 7 days a week at work just to not have time to relapse. But this whole situation got in the way of it as I was comfortable making 1k a week saving up to hopefully put down on a 1 bedroom condo for me in Las Vegas. So far I've bought myself a car so atleast I have some of a work ethic. I'm just rambling at this point.... Well more than I already have if you would like to message me please I would love a accountability buddy