I believe I was born an addict. When I was 6 I was gaming compulsively to escape the reality of my parents divorce. I had my first encounter with porn at the age of 9 and was instantly hooked. Gaming and the pornography wasn't noticed by my parents because I was doing well in my studies. This doesn't change the fact that I was feeling quite miserable inside. I developed depression at the age of 13 and Porn and gaming wasn't helping at all.so I went looking for other solutions.I started smoking weed and it was love at first sight .The connection I was looking for in porn or in gaming was instantly there. I felt like I belonged for the first time and it changed the way I feel instantly.It stopped working after a while so I started looking for more drugs and started climbing the drug ladder.I found myself at the age 17 where I had a nasty heroin habit where I was injecting a gram up my arm per day.Every night I went to bed wanting not to wake up again. I am greatfull to my mom for putting me in rehab at this stage. I got loads of therapy for introduced to 12 steps. The God concept in the 12 step programs bothered me a lot because I resented him. At thi point I knew if I didn't stop using drugs I would be dead so I didn't but my life was miserable.The porn addiction was still there. I had no self worth or motivation.being this desperate with 5 months of sobriety made me question what I was doing wrong and the answer was not being god conscious. I started praying, meditating , journaling and reading about spirituality and was blessed with the serenity that I never had in my life. The disease of addiction was more powerful than me and the only option to overcome it I needed something stronger than that which was GOD(buddha, Hermes or the moon it doesn't matter what it is).But this doesn't mean that I'm saved, I need to practice this contact with higher power every day not to relapse.I can't be free of addiction with the recovery of yesterday.I take it one day at a time and now have reached almost 8 months of sobriety and over 2 months of serenity which isbeing porn and masturbation free.I hope you all do what you have to today to not fall under your addiction