My mom bought me play boy starting at the young age of ten. Which is where I believe my addiction comes from. My girlfriend saw that I had an addiction and asked me to try and go without porn for a few months. October 12th, 2018 my girlfriend found out I had been lying to her  about quitting porn. She helped me get the help I needed through therapy. About a month into it I lied about urge to her for a day and she got really mad making me feel I couldn't come to her about my urges or relapses. The therapy did help me and I was doing better but I stopped going due to the stress of my senior capstone project and life. I made it to about February 2020 when I began to get urges after downloading a manga app that allowed access to porn. I didn't feel comfortable talking to my girlfriend about the urges and so I relapsed consecutively until last night when she found I was lying to her through use of an app called Norton Blocker which she had been using to monitor what I download and look at but ceased as she began to trust me and not see the need for it. Now she is no longer my girlfriend... I also admited to ger that I relapsed to a picture of a friend of mine on Facebook. I forgot that we set boundaries at the beginning of the relationship admitting that is cheating. I didn't think about it at the time as all I could think about was my dick. She says that maybe if I get better and if she gets better on her anger issues then maybe we can make it work again. I'm going to try and go back to my therapist who I essentially ghosted and hope for the best. I hate my stupid self for lying and even more so for not having the willpower to overcome this. I'm currently unemployed and was living with her but now I have to move out. She says I can take as long as I have to in order to move out but I know that if I stay longer it will hurt her more. My mom said I can move back in with her but I feel guilty as she just moved out from the apartment we were all sharing two months ago to love with her boyfriend whom she is happy with. So I don't want to impose on my mom and her generous boyfriend who offered to let me come live with him. I don't know what to do with my life and this addiction and I'm just so scared that I can't stop.