Hi everyone. I’ve been sober from porn and masturbation since November 17th, 2019. Until today, I’ve been feeling better and better. I’ve had so many emotional and physical issues whenever I was masturbating. Even months into my streak, issues would still persist physically. For example, every 2-3 months, I would get sharp stabbing pains in my prostate/anus area which would last for hours at times. Even 2-3 months into my streak, it would happen due to so much masturbation in the past. It would get much less frequent, but it would still happen. Sharp stabbing pain that would get so severe it would cause me to want to throw up. This issue has persisted as long as I’ve been struggling with masturbating. Last night, I was feeling lonely in regards to intimacy due to quarantine. It’s impossible to hook up or have any sexual intimacy with anyone during this time. My own brain which I had learned to control and have lots of self control and self-discipline went against me. I gave into urges that I never thought I’d do again after 145 days. I went on Pornhub. Terrible mistake. I would touch myself, but I wouldn’t climax. I kept teasing myself and testing myself. Deep down, I knew I was doing such terrible thing to myself and my health and progress, but once your brain is locked in, sometimes it’s out of your control. I didn’t masturbate last night. However this morning, I messed up big time. I masturbated. This huge wave of depression, sadness, loneliness, weakness, pain and all the bad effects hit me hard. As usual. However, after watching some motivational videos to get back up, I’m back on it! I’m never going to stop beating this addiction and hopefully today was my last ever relapse of my life! My issues with the stabbing pain might come back to bite me in the butt later on in 2-3 months again because I messed up again. However, I’m still gonna continue my journey. I’m never ever going to give up. I encourage my friends weekly to do this with me. I felt terrible last night and today because I’m always the one they look up to and I messed up badly. However, I want my friends and everyone to know that it’s OKAY to mess up. All that matters is that you need to get back up and continue! Thank you all for listening to everything I had to say. I’d love to talk more with people. If y’all reply to this I will definitely get back to you.