I always thought of myself as a likable person but found it hard to connect with people. I started watching porn when I was in the sixth grade. Being a part of a fundamentalist religion this was a huge source of guilt for me and if i were characterize my life to this point, shame has been the dominant factor. I felt ashamed that my father wasn't interested in me or my sibling, shame that my mother had to work, shame in habit, shame in my appearance, shame in my abilities. By circumstance I spent much of my time alone as did my siblings which led to me watching porn for extended periods of time for much of my time in school. The combination of these things led to me being terrified of talking to strangers and petrified of pretty girls to this day. Afraid that if i let people in they would dismiss me, that i was not worthy. does no seem to matter how much i accomplish or how much affirmation I receive, i still feel worthless. I had anxiety throughout elementary, junior and high school. After a bad concussion and a series of broken bones i developed depressions and severe anxiety attacks to the point i had to lock myself in the bathroom at parties and family dinners. 2 years on Zoloft I've found that most of major issues have subsided, still have anxiety attacks from time to time. The anxiety and depression caused me to isolate myself and now many of my friends are indifferent or in different stages of their life to me. I attempted NoFap before and had varying degrees of success. One thing for sure i have noticed is my life has improved when i was participating in NoFap. However i feel I've lost control of my addiction at this point. I use to be a honor roll student, Athlete of the year, and good friends. I haven't met a girl apart from tinder in over 2 years, i go to the gym but have no aspirations of pushing the status quo, and haven't made a friend since my senor year of highschool. Now I'm 23  dropped out of university twice, returned for a third time this past fall but have continued to achieve no more than mediocrity in most aspects of my life. I cant even muster the energy to convince myself that i will have a 90 day streak anymore. What was the tipping point for you? How did you get to that Point?