Hi everyone, I’m new to this community but just wanted to share my story to anyone that may find it relevant. I’ve been practicing NoFap on and off for probably about a year, and I’ve finally garnered up the strength to say I’m done with PMO and never going back. My last relapse was actually after I had sex, I was hooking up with a girl that I have casually been with, and for the life of me I couldn’t orgasm. We went for almost 2 hours until she threw in the towel and just asked to stop. It made me feel horrible and powerless; I barely felt any sensation at all when I was inside of her (keep in mind that I was fucking her WITHOUT a condom on). She felt I thought she was ugly and that she couldn’t please me (which couldn’t be further from the truth) and I felt like there was no point in even having sex since I could get myself off much faster masturbating. So after she left my house, I did just that; I masturbated. It didn’t even feel pleasing when I did it, despite going 5 days on NoFap. I felt numb and robotic, like I had no control over myself. This habit and mentality put a damper on my last relationship too. I dated a girl for 3 years, and throughout that relationship I had problems with my erections, and rarely, and I do mean RARELY ever orgasmed. I even would go soft inside of her sometimes, just because I literally felt NOTHING. It destroyed her confidence, and I regularly had to question whether I had erectile dysfunction, despite being so young. I want to warn anyone my age (I’m 21) do NOT have sex until you feel you are ready to move past PMO. I can’t tell you how many times that sex sent me right back into relapse, I’ve never completed more than 30 days because of it. My highest streak was one month, and after going one month I decided Id have sex to feel the difference and “reward” myself for good behavior. It felt amazing, it felt like the very first time I knew what every guy was talking about when they said that sex feels like nothing else. I orgasmed for the first time in a couple months, but that ultimately caused me to go back to porn, destroying the entire purpose of me “rewarding” myself to begin with. Fapping is not worth destroying relationships with women, its not worth sacrificing your confidence, its not worth killing your motivation, its not worth the performance anxiety, ITS NOT WORTH IT. I can’t speak on NoFap giving magical powers, but if you take one thing away from me, take this; my erection problems are because of porn. I’ve went to doctors, I’ve taken all matter of tests, they always say I’m completely normal and healthy and I ask them why I can’t ever get hard with women, despite knowing the answer. Cumming to a fucking screen isn’t natural, it never will be, STOP MAKING EXCUSES FOR YOURSELF AND SEEK GENUINE RELATIONSHIPS. NoFap is the only way to actually enjoy sex for me, and I’d wager a lot of men don’t realize that the reason they’re struggling in the bedroom is their porn addiction. I’ve been masturbating regularly since I was 12, and I’ve finally had it. I’m done with PMO, and I’m never going back. FUCK THE PORN INDUSTRY.