It's like no, if something is wrong with me or my life, then it's totally my fault, either I haven't been doing what I should do or I am just repeating the things that I should stop doing and that's that. Nobody points a gun at my face telling me to edge for hours and hours bathing the silly brain in dopamine and disgustingly fap with a load of pre-cum and semen wanting to come out of my penis. So, it's all my fault and the thing that I am doing incorrectly here is the improper use of time and here I am paying heavily, every single time I indulge in such disgusting gratifying activities with my precious time. It's so hard to make mind your ally and discipline it to work for you but until and unless you master that skill and be the person who could not be easily shaken by one's emotions and situations of life, you are bound to fail again and again. This is one of the important realizations of my life I have come across and I tend to keep up with the wisdom and lessons I have gained so far to make myself into a better human being. Realizing whatever chaos you ran into your life and how disoriented or oriented your life and what's causing that and what could be done to improve the current situation even just by 1%, it's just something man. With such realization and constantly reminding where you are and where you wanna be and where you should be heading to be in the place, you wanna be would be effective strategic steps we lazy bones could take to pull ourselves from this pit-hole. Yeah, that's true we are not only the one who is suffering in this world, every single living being struggles to survive and thrive in life but only those who know where they are heading, what's their goal or what their goal should be for the time being and aiming it and achieving it one after another, victory after victory could provide meaning to their life minimizing or even transforming their sufferings into some fruitful thing that could not only prosper them but humanity could even prosper from such meaningful contribution. Hell yeah, even living in such a golden era where everything could be possible and having every informational, technological and advanced resources we are just doomed to suffer mindlessly and waste time like it's nothing, man time is everything so use it wisely because like myself many of yall have wasted it like it's a free piece of shit but it isn't. we are paying everything with the expanse of time in our life and time either kills or heals- and it's up to you, if you used it wisely enough then it will heal you, prosper you and if you used it without valuing it you are sure to be a failure, a lazy jackass always relying on others to wipe your own shit. So, guys, i humbly request yall, just man up and get your shit together because you and i both already been wasting a lot of productive time and bear the hazardous result of our action as time being our enemy. so,  we gotta make friends with time valuing it, spending it wisely and respecting every second of it by not doing anything we shouldn't be doing and doing every little thing we are bound to do.