Lets face it, pornography is extremely addictive. To anyone who believes that it isn’t addictive. I can tell you this as an addict myself. When I watch porno I feel a rush and my brain starts firing up on all cylinders. My perception is greatly altered... I change. I become completely invested in the screen and I lose myself in a frenzy of perversion... a thrill ride. Sounds more like a late night, dark alley way drug hit than just watching erotic film. So like I and everyone else in this sub knows. Pornography can be extremely addictive and self destructive. But wait a minute.... let’s think about one of the biggest differences porn shares with other more mainstream addictions. Porn is the most easy addiction to partake in. All you need is internet and you have unlimited access to your favorite drug for free. Imagine if cocaine was that easily accessible. There would be a lot more overdoses and a lot less cokeheads if you know what i mean. So given the unique circumstances of fast speed online internet porn addiction. I think pornography classifies as the very first Super Addiction. Just think about it, imaging if you could get your cocaine drug fix from just the click of a button. Or any drug for that matter. But heres the best part... it’s free all you could want for free. If that actually happened it would change society completely the whole world would be different. Everybody would be hooked on coke. It would be... a super addiction. Pornography is doing that very same thing. It’s changing the way things work in our society. The way we behave with one another. It’s changing masculinity by castrating young men. I don’t think anything could have prepared us for an addiction this powerful. No substance, no drug, no addiction should ever have the power that pornography has. It’s too much it’s become a monster. So yeah, to conclude this rant that’s all the reasons why i think pornography should be classified as a super addiction and not just another household mainstream addiction. They’re not comprable to porn. Even of they’re more severe than porn. The usage of porn, the availability, and access to it are essentially unlimited. Making it, in my opinion, a super drug.What do you all think? Give me some thoughts.