Hello all, I am addicted to pmo. The extremes of it too, as in fetishes that most people don’t get into. I started at a very young age, about 10-11 years old, with access on my iPod Touch. This addiction corrupted my personality into one that was very addictive, which I believe caused me a lot of problems with substance abuse. I struggled with alcohol abuse when I was in college and had some issues with abusing Vyvanse. I took NoFap very seriously at first, and then after a few relapses, stopped worrying about it. This was 2-3 years ago. I have destroyed my life and now I have to build from the foundation of who I am to fix this. I am only 21 years old and I am lucky to still be alive for multiple reasons, and lucky to not be incarcerated. Throughout my struggles, I have learned some important lessons. You must become comfortable in discomfort. You must break yourself repeatedly to create discipline. You must break yourself to test mental limits, and to determine your true capabilities. In order to succeed one must be broken many times. I’m talking mentally and physically, if you truly try your hardest you can exceed any predetermined limits you have created in your head. You must grind yourself down to soil where nothing can burn. Once you get to that, you must rebuild your foundation using this newfound discipline.  You must go back to what broke you to defeat it, and that’s how you master yourself. Overcoming your weaknesses with hard work and discipline is the true path to happiness. Another thing, using NoFap just to get girls truly defeats the whole purpose. As a guy who has been with a lot of different women, the sex itself is never really that satisfying either. It just becomes boring, hooking up and then going to the next. It almost turned into a game, and became another addiction in itself for me. Use this as a tool to self mastery. Use this as a tool to be productive. Use this as a tool to create a true, emotional connection to someone without the foundation being built on lust. Use this to show yourself and everybody who you are underneath the addiction that made you lose sight of your true potential