A bit of background. I probably started masturbating since I was 14, well Im not sure, it feels like a life time ago to me. I got new internet and my parents are the kind that trust their children, so I took that trust and went on porn sights to fix my urges. I got more and more into porn as the years went by. Knowing actresses names like friends and making accounts to save the porn I wanted to view for later. This wasn't enough so I started doing things like buying better devices to view it on like my bigger iPad, chrome cast ultra for my 4k tv, and not to mention my gear vr for the vr experiences. Soon just looking for porn to download was more thrilling than porn itself. searching through forms and the deepest parts of the web just to find "that one girl I saw in an add once" or "There has to be more of this particular person".I was a freshman in a computer science class and had a friend named Noah, he was a senior and always got done with his work before most people. I asked him how and he said he was apart of no fap which gave him his life back from porn and allowed him to be a better person. me being young and a freshman I didn't think much about that and continued with my addiction. A year later I got an interest into networking and created a network attached storage to store my porn on. This furthered my addiction by giving me access to porn around the hour anywhere in my house on any device. Then last year I got a Synology NAS, which is a server to store media files. I needed it for my ever growing porn collection. With it came a new way to get porn, torrenting. Let me tell you, this gave me access to massive amounts of porn. It also allowed me to view my collection from anywhere in the world, let alone just viewing it in my house. This magic box was the writing on the wall for me. This made me ashamed due to masturbating in places that I would never think of doing, like at my grandparents house, in a two bed hotel room across from my parents and sometimes even in the car to places under a burning hot blanket. This made me less motivated to do anything, I didn't want to fly my drone, I didn't want to hangout with friends and I skip invitations to allow for more time to masturbate, but I finally realized it was a problem when I saw that I didn't even want to do things that I knew I loved to do like play my video games or learn about technology or even fly my drone. It was at a point that everything that I did had to improve my porn experience. I bough a nice phone not because I needed it, but because it had a secure folder that hid my porn addiction from view. I got a new iPad Pro even though my old iPad worked fine, because it had a much bigger screen and more powerful processor to view more porn gifs at one time and cellular to watch on the go and a bigger storage option to store more porn files on the device. And I bought a Mac book for the sole purpose of being able to transfer my porn to my iPad localy. My school work suffered ,because I was unable to put in the time after school to build up my knowledge. I was either masturbating, watching YouTube or sleeping. Then I found salvation. I was scrolling through YouTube when I found a video on the science of no nut November. This video showed me how masturbating was killing my motivation. After the New Years I watched the tamed course by improvement pill showing how to curb any addiction including pornography and replace it with healthy alternatives (side note: I would highly recommend anybody to go check out that [playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLE_vQWWxgaiEskIe2DMOZ_gFTURBeWCM_)).This made me turn 2020 into a year of improvement. I got into an exercise and meditation routine when I woke up and went to sleep, and started riding my bike. This increase in my will power and motivation allowed me to start a week of no fap. I was unable to complete the entire week stoping at day 5 due to being week and having extreme urges, but I still saw immediate improvements which was my light at the end of the tunnel moment. My motivation was back, and my will power increased as well. I got better grades on my test due to increased will power to power through difficult assignments at home. After seeing this, 1 month later, I tried for a second big push. I deleted my 2.75 TB of porn files on my nas and deleted all my porn site accounts. it was hard to to do that so I waited until my mood swinged to a good state and when I had a good amount of will power. once the stars aligned I got rid of it all in one sitting. It felt good and for 4 days I was clear, until I had a second powerful urge and gave into it again. I felt like a failure for loosing for a second time. I relapsed and downloaded more porn to try to comfort my self and relapsed ever more. I tried off and on to get those super powers back, but I was unable to. I kept relapsing and felt worse about my self, and just got deeper and deeper into the hole I created. Fast forward to now with the global situation of COVID-19 which has made it more difficult for me to do well in school.The reason why is because I never had a problem with school when I was at the place, even with my pornography addiction, being at the school I don't have any urges due to having friends and just the routine of being there. Now that school is closed and I have to do every thing at home, this has made my life a living hell. I never was good at doing things at home due to having no motivation and low will power, but now everything has to be done at home. Today April 6 I read the long no fap article on relapse and got the urge to write this equally long story of my self as something for my future self to hopefully look back on after I have kicked this addiction for sure. I wanted to start on my no fap journey to end this addiction and say good by to porn all together. I want to retool my devices for good like using my big iPad Pro for editing my drone footage, my 4k tv/ Chromecast Ultra for viewing my work, and finally my big magic Synology box for storing my creations. I am a junior in high school now and once my senior year rolls around I want to be my friend Noah.I want to be that person that is able to get all their work done and inspire people to quit their addiction even if it is not right now, but maybe later on in their life they will see it, This has been my story.  Sorry why this is not written as well as it could be. I relapsed today and am still filling the jitters and brain fog from it while writing this. If you have any tips on getting past those big urges that I spoke of before please let me know, I would appreciate it. Sorry why this is so long as well, I'm not a good writer and I had A long history with porn and how it affected me. Thank you for listening to me.