First post so here it goes, its actually kinda weird it’s took me this long to share on here.. going to try and summarise this as best I can but it’s hard to express how much this changed my life. Rewind the clocks 5 years and I was absolute crippled with anxiety and I mean the level of being unable to cross a road without my heart climbing and racing for no reason.. couldn’t even look at a girl never mind speak too one. Going to the shop for food was a challenge, and the absolute worse was the constant butterflies in my stomach, I mean like 12 hours a day of it.. looking back I really shoulda went to the doctors but I was young, stupid and confused. Stuck in a dead end job and too paranoid too try anything else. So here’s the positive now😂 The start of 2017 for whatever reason I found improvement pills video on nofap I’m sure you guys will be familiar. Committed to the challenge and not even exaggerating within around 8 days the constant butterflies that had been plaguing me for the better part of 3 years disappeared. It’s hard too express how that felt. It’s like having and illness for 3 years and then being cured overnight. So that was the first change, within around 2 weeks I could look people in the eye and hold a conversation without feeling like my eyes were flying about the room. Energy levels skyrocketed. All those things I loved too do when I was younger I could now suddenly do again without all the anxiety before during and after. My well being was just through the roof.. I felt like a kid again. Girls of course came, it was absolute crazy the attention I got thinking back on it. They went out their way too start a conversation with me all the time, asked my friends who I was etc said they had never seen me before(they had plenty of times). It didn’t even feel like I was trying they seemed too come out of nowhere and actually enjoy my company unlike the 4 years prior when I was a paranoid mess and a strain to be around in social situations. Fast forward too now and yes I’ve relapsed a few times here and there but I came to the realisation that it’s just not worth it. The instant gratification that’s so easy to obtain everywhere now a days eventually becomes a form of punishment.. I’m starting to sound like a freakin philosopher haha I’m gonna wrap this up. I’m 23 now, have had a girlfriend for 2 years and have an engineering job with a lot of opportunity, can drive etc without any anxiety and have a general joy for life again. If it wasn’t for Nofap I honestly think I would still be paranoid too cross a road or even worse off now so thank you too all of you I’m forever grateful. So next time that urge hits you whilst we are all in quarantine just remember it might not be worth it.