It’s was was Monday morning I just woke up in my bed after another night at the bar. Look Outside my window I see some birds in some sort of formation. But I can’t make out it because of my blurred vision because of the hangover. I get up but on some old Jeans and a shirt that I bought at a store. I take some pain killers they taste weird probably because I have a hangover but I ignore it. I go to my work and I see those same birds again i think in my mind are these birds following me. But I think nothing of it I only got one hour left of my shift in the office it’s only me in the office now I say. I just need to finish some more office work then I can go to my trash covered apartment. I don’t get paid A lot but it gets me through the week. I say in my head finally I get all of my word done just when I was about to get up I checked my email for the hell of it. I found a email from a random person I checked the email there was a link inside. I opened the link and there was a video I clicked on the video it played some kind of demonic symbol with creepy Music. I listen to the video and get creeped out and jump A little I shut down my computer and get in my car and I noticed a carving in my car window. It was a symbol that I did not recognize well there goes all my money for the week I say in my head I go to my apartment complex before i go into my apartment I see my neighbor smoking a cigarette outside. Hey Dylan I say to my neighbor hey Matt he says back how was work he says shit like always he chuckles a little same. How is the kids after Lilly died I say he gives no response I think I should get going I say with a sad voice me to he says with also with a sad voice. I go in my apartment shut and lock the door I noticed a box inside my apartment I think nothing of it maybe my sister dropped something of I think I take a shower and go to bed. I get a call from my boss saying I got the day off because of some wiring issues in the office. I make some eggs and toast I’m on my laptop looking at some stuff then I noticed the box that I didn’t open from last night. I opened the box and I saw the symbol that was carved onto my window last night. when I was at work it had a note in the box I read the note and I think this has to be a joke that note says The following if your getting this then I’m probably not alive but that dose not matter now. some entity is making people disappear forever but it’s not what you think when you disappear you won’t know it until you realize it. you can’t pick you anything only certain things and it’s coming for you next I send this to warn you once you disappear you get sent to this other dimension like ours but it’s not. you see people but you can’t Touch them or speak to them no matter how hard you try it’s like you’re a ghost. But unfortunately you’re next you can’t stop it no matter how hard you try it picks people at random the symbol that you saw is the box and you car window. Read this or not I’m just trying to worn you for what you are about to become I but the note back in the box and but it on the table and I try not to think about it and I go threw my day as usual and go to bed I wake up as usual but I can’t pick anything up I think to last night that note I think shit it’s true I try to pick up my laptop but I can’t. I go outside and the sky is grey and it’s raining softly I go back inside and I lock the door it’s day 45 in this nightmare I see this big tower in the distance I see these faceless people like creatures three skin is grey they have no face and limp the more I’m in this nightmare the more the world crumbles in this nightmare. I live under a pile of rubble and I found a note it said The day will come when you won’t be - Dylan.