I was out on a hike when I wondered upon an old cabin the looked abandoned so I went in to take a look, there was a lot of cool things and a disc rack. There was one disc on the rack so I grabbed it along with some of the other things. I started hiking back down to head home a few hours later because it was getting dark, I got to my truck and went home, the whole drive it felt like I was being watched. I got home and looked up a disc player for this type of disc and found a very expensive but good player so I bought it, it showed up a day later and I set it up. Excited to hear the disc I put it on and pressed play. All I heard was static and I was disappointed so I went to get a drink and when I got back I heard the disc player whispering something, i couldn't hear it so i turned up the volume and heard a old coarse voice saying *Please, whoever finds this disc destroy it at all costs, this disc will prong spirits after it is done playing so you want to hurry. The only way to destroy the disc is to burn it, you have 10 seconds, I'm sorry...* hearing that sent me into a panic so I grabbed the disc and broke it over my knee, I went to sleep and heard some noises later that night. I went to check what the hell that noise was and I saw a humanoid figure with antlers fixing the disc so I went back to my room and jumped out of my window, keep in mind I live on the first floor so I could jump out. I started running when I called 911 because I was scared shitless and nobody picked up, I noticed the figure in my window and ran. A few minutes later i got a message from an unknown number saying come back or i will die so i went back, stupid i know but I didn't wanna die because of this. I'm back at my house when I see the disc on the floor, fixed so I was horrified and grabbed my lighter and took the disc to my fire pit to light it on fire, I was stopped by something, I dont know what it was so I was scared and kept running. Whatever demons this disc came with were going to be killed. I got my lighter and put the disc in the fire pit and set it on fire, it was burning and I heard a message play and was listening very closely, I heard *You've made a huge mistake, I will hunt you down find you and kill you.* I called 911 again but no reply so I got In my truck to leave when i saw it, a demon. It was attacking my truck so I hid in my house, the demon looked like a human with odd legs and a pair of bony wings and very short horns, I was horrified so I started to cry and that was my biggest mistake.