The sun rises on another desolate day in the United States. A country where toilet paper is scarce, where the old are non existent, a land where you use socks to wipe after defecating. How did it get like this? I’ll tell you, it was that damn COVID-19, known as the Coronavirus (ronavirus for short). The country is locking down, one state after another. Everyone is in constant panic, hysteria runs the streets. The main question that’s circulating around everyone’s thoughts is, “how can it be stopped?” “How can COVID be destroyed?” It’s simple, the boys and I have a simple strategy to regain what used to be a great nation, to eradicate this deadly pandemic and save millions. You’re probably thinking to yourself, “how does this guy have the solution?” Well after months of studying this horrible plague we have found a simple solution. No, the solution is not social distancing, it’s not washing your hands, a solution where we would wipe out COVID and her ugly symptoms. You’re also wondering, “how are none of these college students partying for spring break and not getting sick?” No, it’s not because they have fewer brain cells than the rest of us. The boys and I have concluded and are about to implement a plan to wipe COVID from the face of the planet and this is how it will happen. The plan is so simple, first we need just one Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit stealth bomber plane which costs roughly 44.75 billion, then we need enough C-4 to strap to each of our body’s covering us completely. Next we will need exactly 200 bottles of Purrell, 100 bottles of Clorox wipes and enough bleach to turn the oceans white. Our strategy is eccentric and simple, we use our stealth bomber to fly over COVID’s mothership (this is where the queen germ lives) it’s somewhere over the Bermuda Triangle. As we glide over her mothership we release the bleach all at ounce so the germs surrounding the ships are destroyed allowing us to jump straight onto the ship. Next we attach the C-4 to our body’s with Velcro straps (this will allow them to stay attached as we free fall onto the ship). We then take all the Purrell and Clorox wipes and shove all of them in the canons of the ship, we fire the ammunition at the ship (hopefully penetrating the ships defense system and causing holes to be breached in the ship so our cleaning supplies penetrate the ship) that will allow the germs controlling the mothership to meet their demise. Next we all jump from the plane with the C-4 attached to our bodies, as we free fall we un-attach the C-4 and throw it into the holes we created from the Purrell and Clorox. As the C-4 lands in the holes penetrating the ship our stealth bomber will fly down and grab the boys and I at the very last second. As we fly away we activate the C-4 causing a 10-megaton explosion. We fly into the sunset and look back at the fiery explosion as we all high-five and dab each other up knowing the world has been saved. Once the queen COVID is destroyed the rest of the germs will die off. My fellow humans, that is and will forever be how we deal with this plague. I hope you all will help us with utilizing this plan.