it happened when I was 6, it started all fun and innocent but it quickly escalated. It was my birthday and my parents got me a doll and, like most girls my age, I was very excited! I played with it everyday but after a week the doll started to move around. Nothing extreme maybe just a moved arm or the head was turned or something, but i just thought i put it like that the night before and forgot so i thought nothing of it, i also wasn't aware of the paranormal at that age. After about another week it escalated a bit more to the point where it would be on a lower shelf or something, but again i thought the same thing as before. And again after another week it escalated even more, at this point it was like halfway to my bed from the shelf. And I thought the same thing I had thought for the past 3 weeks. And after about 2 more weeks it started to show up in the kitchen in the knife drawer, and i thought my older sister was messing with me and after about another week it started showing up on the shelf its normally on but with a knife, now at this point what i thought was just a prank had gone too far, so i told my mom and she questioned my siblings and they said they didn't even go in my room at night let alone touch my doll and put it in the knife drawer and i was scared to sleep with it in the room with me so, i convinced my mom to leave it in a glass cabinet in the living room. But it still showed up in my room with a knife but in the middle of my room this time so, my mom tied it in a plastic bag and put it in the cabinet, but now it was appearing right by the foot of my bed but without the knife. After awhile it all stopped and i thought everything was back to normal but after about a year i still always played with the doll and i even got another doll for my next birthday but it all started up again but now both of them were moved. I kept them on a higher shelf right next to each other but now they would both be moved very similarly like both of them would have the same arm moved. And memories of the previous year flooded back to me. Once again I moved them to the cabinet in the living room and nothing happened for a couple weeks. Then one night at like 3am i woke up from a noise in the living room it sounded like glass shattering and it scared me so much. I thought it was just my brother playing his video games in the living room as he often did on weekends. Until he and my mom and my sister came rushing into my room. I asked what was going on and they said the glass cabinet in the living room had fallen over and they wanted to make sure that I was ok. i told them i was fine but it startled me and i asked why it fell over they said they didn't know they told me to stay in my room for now so that they could clean it up so i did. Later they said it looked like it was pushed from the inside like something was trying to get out and the cabinet just fell, well they didn't tell me directly but i overheard them talking about it. A few weeks went by with nothing happening until christmas. I got 2 more dolls for christmas and it all started again. But now, all 4 of my dolls were showing up in my room all with knives. I was scared out of my mind and ran into my mom’s room crying. She asked what was wrong and all i could manage to get out in my scared state was “dolls” she knew what i meant and went into my room only to find nothing. She said I must've had a bad dream and I asked if I could sleep with her the rest of the night. She let me. The next night I asked her if I could sleep with her that night and once again she let me. That night the dolls showed up in her room with knives just as they had the previous night in my room. I woke up my mom and she finally saw them herself. It was at that moment we both knew: we had to get rid of the dolls. So she got out of bed and went over to the dolls one of them cut her ankle and she staggered back and then went back to the dolls. More cautiously this time.  And kicked them. She told me to run to my siblings and she would deal with the dolls. So I did. It reached 4am. She came into the room with the dolls in a trash bag. We knew it would not be good to sell them or give them to someone else because of how aggressive they were, so we threw them away. Then, one night about a month later I woke up and the first doll was back. I screamed and my mom and siblings ran into the room and I told them what happened and they believed me. My mom told me to go to my siblings’ room with them and so I did. About half an hour later she came in with an air mattress and said that with how the dolls are it would be best for all of us to sleep in the same room for a few nights. The next night I woke up in the middle of the night to the first and the second doll at the foot of the air mattress and I woke up my mom. I very quietly whispered “dolls”. And she knew what I meant. She looked around and she didn't see anything, she asked me where and I still saw them at the foot of the air mattress so i told her where they were. She said she didn't see them and told me it was just my imagination and I told her they were pressing down on the air mattress and she looked and saw the indent. We knew we had to move so they wouldn't be able to find us. So we moved. I still sometimes have nightmares about that, but nothing has happened since the move so I assume they either stopped looking for us or are still looking but just can't find us.