I don't know why I am getting these weird dreams lately... I am scared and also I can not sleep well... Today I woke up early because I got too scared... In my sleep, I saw that I was at an island with my mum and a few people. My mum worked at a grocery store there. I suddenly started to harm myself with no reason but, watching my mum doing nothing, without carring if I would die from what I was doing made me really sad and I had the urge to keep on doing what I was doing. Suddenly out of nowhere I "spawned" at a sea. There I started to hear voices telling me that I am useless and that my soul is taken. Then, a scorpion popped out of nowhere. It was big I have to confess but not huge. Just it's tail was really long... I could say, double than a normal scorpion tale for a scorpion of that size... It started to sting me when more more bugs attacked me... The sting was in and I was in a horrible pain... After some time that it was cursing at me, or I thought that it did, I tried to kill it. At one point I tried to squeeze it but I thought that since the impossible became possible, it's guts would pass through the tail and get injected in me. So, I tried to slowly and steady remove it. It started to work but when I pulled too much out of me it started to not getting out. Then I thought that the tail might break, so I let the tail for a tiny moment just to catch the part of the tail that was closer to my skin. The whole tail got back in... After some tries to remove it and failed, I was removing the down part of the scorpion just to kill it without any weird guts spraying inside me. I managed to kill it but, cause of the death, the tail became hard as a rock and could not get out. I somehow after much time and pain managed to remove it. Then I took a rest but at that moment I saw a small little thing like one rice seed on my skin. When my hand went close to remove it, it got in. I had one thought in my mind... Parasites... I acted like nothing happened so it could get out again and pull it out... So it happened. It started to get out slowly and painfully. You can't imagine the pain of having one thing in you so big... It was a really long parasite... It actually hurt A LOT... Then, at the moment that half of the warm was outside (10-15 cm of it) I started pulling it out... It started to heavily resist which made me suffer from the pain... Till it got tired and I managed to remove it... No need to say that... I removed 5-6 more parasites like these... My arms were full with holes and around the holes were dried blood. Both of my arms turned purple from the bruises... Then, I tried to remove one more. After some time I removed it and it got again in from the same wound... You can't imagine the fear and the pain... At the whole dream I was suffering not only in my body, but also in my mind... I had illusions and I heard voices coming from everywhere, cursing at me... I was so insane that I would kill everything I would find... I tried a ton of times to throw holy water at the house, we brought a priest, we tried everything... But these dreams keep coming... I don't know what to do anymore... Please, tell me...