I woke up to my alarm on my phone at 6:20am, I got out of bed and I put my work clothes on. I went downstairs and I made some coffee and made some food, I went to the table to eat and drink but I got a emergency alert on my phone, it said “Stay inside and lock all your doors and windows and await further instructions.” I almost choked on my cereal when I saw this message. I got up from my seat and I walked carefully towards the living room and I peaked out through the blinds. I saw a human with blood all over them eat another human in the street, I quickly fell to the floor and ran towards the old bedroom my son had used before he passed away. I didn’t really go in there too often but I kept a 9mm pistol in the nightstand next to his old bed, I grabbed it and then I heard very loud banging at my door, I put the magazine in the pistol and cocked it back and switched off he safety. I went downstairs slowly and I went a couple of feet in front of the door with my pistol at the ready aiming towards the door. I quickly realized how stupid I was being and then I took advantage of the door and the amount of time I had left until the door went down. I grabbed as much food as I could from the kitchen and I sprinted upstairs but then the door broke down and I froze and I saw a dead corpse standing there, looking at me. Without realizing, I took my pistol and aimed it at the thing and shot it in the head directly. I knew that the sound would attract more attention so I ran towards the attic and the ladder and I climbed up the ladder into the attic. I set my pistol down on a cupboard in my attic and sat down on my old couch I put in there about 7 years ago. I saw that the sun was not even down yet but it had felt like hours had passed since then, I quickly chugged half of the lukewarm water bottles I had and set it down, I fell asleep on the couch. A few hours had passed and I forgot my phone downstairs in my sons room, I grabbed my pistol and peaked through the small crack between the ladder and the floor, I didn’t see anything so I went down. I quietly went to the room and grabbed my pistol and while going back I saw another thing next to the railing on the stairs, I pulled out my pistol and shot it a couple of times but it ran up to me, I was pounding on it and then I saw the pistol again, I kicked the thing against the railing and crawled toward my pistol and shot it in the head, I ran back to the attic and sat down on the couch. I realized that the thing had bit my hand and then I saw another alert on my phone “Evacuate Seattle through back roads, highway is blocked.” I then looked out the window of the attic and saw a horde of those things wandering out in the street.