Day 0
It is the day shit got real. Doomsday. It's the pilot episode of any dystopian future series except this time this is reality. 
I cant even imagine it was just weeks before that I saw it for the first time. In the left hand corner of the fourth page was a 4x4 column dedicated to this new viral fever. And now here we are, the viral fever engulfing my entire city/state/nation. Tbh I don't know if it's just our country or the entire world. We know nothing, all they said was it's an unidentified virus. At first the outbreak seemed like just another harmless flu outbreak. Common cold , fever, nausea etc. But in a span of 12 hrs things escalated quickly. I was leaving from work when I saw it myself, stuck in traffic I saw the blaring siren of the ambulance; the car in front of me was honking at. I lowered my window and peeked out a little to see what the issue was and I saw this disheveled middle aged man out of the ambulance standing right in front of that car. He started coughing something out and ran towards the driver with a crazy look on his face. Luckily the guy in front of me had his car locked and windows up. But then the crazy man saw me and made a run for it. I quickly rolled up my windows and made sure all the doors were locked. As I ended my security check and looked to my side there he was banging at my window coughing and crying at the same time. It was horrific. The look that he had on his face. His eyes looked as if his soul had left his body, they were empty. After what would've been about a min or so he stopped stood upright and started throwing up. It was at this time I noticed two to three nurses who came running up but stopped at an approx five foot distance from him. They then started spraying him with some kind of water with masks on their face, like how farmers spray pesticides on the crops. Two men all covered in a blue uniform similar to that of a bomb squad and grabbed that man by his arm dragging him to the ambulance. It was at this time that I noticed the man had been vomiting blood all over. It was the most graphic and gory scene ever. The traffic cleared a few moments later and I floored it to my house. I was so disgusted and grossed by what I just witnessed that I went straight for the shower. The warm water washing down my body gave me some kind of relief. I changed into my pjs and went to bed. I woke up around 2 in the morning to the ear piercing announcement going on outside.
WARNING! STAY INDOORS. WEAR A GAS MASK. DO NOT COME IN CONTACT WITH ANYONE WHO IS ILL. DO NOT STEP OUTSIDE YOUR HOUSE.
At first I thought this was some kind of lucid dream but after hearing the message for the fifth time on loop it started to sink in that it was real. A sense of panic started to crawl upon my body and I reached for my phone to call my family. 37 missed calls, 54 notifs. In short everyone I knew messaged me something about the outbreak of this new virus and to switch on the television. I did. And it was all over. It was the UNKT578 virus outbreak. I saw footage of hundreds of people acting like what I had witnessed hours before and even worse. There was this one image of a woman throwing up her guts that just makes me shudder even now that I'm writing about it. 
Its 7:12AM  right now and I'm alone in my house logging about this unbelievable reality of mine. I don't know how long will it take them to contain it, how long am I going to be locked inside my house, how long till I see another soul in person. Is it going to last for hours or days....I'll have to wait but for now I'm going to sleep. I don't feel so good. I feel tired and dizzy.