so one day mike yawnver went to school in ohio just moved there matter of fact the first day he was there he was the popular kid who had that so on so BLAND PERSONALITY.he was a real jerk who always likes to beat up kids mostly younger than his age. a little backstory he was NOT a troubled child he did it because he liked it he was blood thirsty one day he beat up a 12 year billy bashkens because he did not give mike his lunch money and rc car he stole from the teachers locker by snaging the key but it was stolen again by mike he had severe damage a crushed face fractured bones arms legs etc. mike had no mercy but until somthing happened (victims point of view) "one day mike came back to school after 5 weeks he looked beaten up brittle easy to beat but he was crying he was broken when josh came over too see what was wrong he attacked him. not because of fun because of hate after the incedent he had witnessed he cut off contact with the popular kids acually no he cut off from every one! its wierd i know.(protagonist view) so mike went home (5 weeks ago) he ate dinner hoped his homework got done by that nerd he beat up he started to watch tv or played some half life on his pc but when he was playing he continued to play hours after hours he went to school almost fell asleep every period. so after school ended he was targeting a new kid in school this gothic kid who just worked no play no speak that's it so he made contact with the kid he started to tease him toy with him when he had enough of the quiet  game he went for a punch aiming for the arm when that first hit landed his knuckels snaped he bent down crying but he did not stop he drop kicked the kid snaped his leg in half he was done for he was "like being made of solid steel mike said". he went to the local hospital he was sent there for 4 days for inspection it was pushed up to 27 days so a full month and a half so when he was healthy enough to walk (day 17) he usually liked to walk up and down the hallway to get some workouts cut in for him because he was apart of the football team so day 23 this is when it starts. one day he was walking up and down the hall for the 12th time he saw something out the window he saw a shadowy figure outside but then boom it teleported right in front of him the thing said "its time for the decay of your shell you shall witness my power and will" and the thing poped up a portal and kicked mike in. CHAPTER 2 WHICH UNIVERSE IS MINE???!! when the portal closed he looked around everything was the same but mike was flabbergasted scared and confusied at the same time he bent down crying screaming hurting he went to his room (room 424) all there was is bloody writing on the walls saying" w h e r e a r e t h e y ? thats exactly what mike was thinking. he went back to the hallway to see 4 doctors doing surgery to a laboring mother he looked in then a monsterous demon 30 feet high made a load roar a roar like no man has ever heard before then wisked into the night sky so fast the shockwave blew away all in its path including mike . (dont go anywhere just getting started more to come)