In a small town called Doraha lived a young boy named Shaun. Shaun and his friends always played soccer every day in the evening. One day while Shaun was playing soccer with his friends in the soccer field, he saw a weird kid who had only one hand standing near the audience seats and silently watching Shaun. Shaun noticed him and started moving towards him, suddenly one of his friends shouted "Hey! Shaun, where are you going? Focus on game!". Shaun moved his head and replied, "wait I'm coming, I have to pee". Suddenly he heard a creepy voice and when he saw at seats, the boy vanished. First Shaun failed to believe his eyes. He thought that was an illusion because he was so tired. He reached home after playing. He didn't tell anyone about this as he thought it was an illusion. Some days passed nothing unnatural happened. One evening Shaun was wandering near the field when he heard a helpless voice scream "Help me, Shaun! I'm Stuck!". He looked for that voice but he saw Nobody around. He was confused. At his school, during lunch break, Shaun was sitting at a bench alone. One boy came to Shaun and introduced himself as Mark. After some talk with Shaun, Mark started telling a story about a boy who only had one arm and that he loved to play soccer. The boy told "There was a boy whose parents died in an accident and he only had one arm because his other arm was ruptured in the same accident. The boy loved to play soccer. One day when he was playing soccer at the soccer field, some boys came and started bullying him. One kid punched him in the stomach, another one pushed him into a deep hole behind audience seats. The boy was struggling to escape from that hole but as he had only one arm, he failed to escape. The bullies ran away leaving the boy there. He kept on screaming but nobody came to help. He was stated missing the next day. No one tried harder to find him as his parents died and he lived with his aunt who hated him. He died there slowly". After telling the story the boy said: "well I don’t think that's true". Shaun stayed awake all night thinking about the boy he saw, the voice he heard and the story mark told him. The next day he tried telling his friends the incident but his friends started making fun of him saying he is mad. Every night when he tried to sleep he heard a creepy voice saying "Help me Shaun!, Help me escape". The same voice would haunt him in his Dreams. The next day he ran into the police station saying there is a dead body of that missing boy near the audience seats. First, the police officers didn't believe him but when the officer saw the look on Shaun's face, he took his team and started searching the field. After some hours the boy's dead body was found near the audience seats. The police awarded Shaun in front of all town. The police asked Shaun how he knew that the body was there. Shaun told them all the story that the boy Mark told him. The police investigated all the records of school but failed to find any boy named Mark. After the boy's body was buried, Shaun never had any of those dreams and illusions.