I was fourteen years old when this happened - I was still a child, but I was old enough to stay alone at the house. If I knew, what will happen that day, I would never let my mom leave. Unfortunately, I didn't. My mom works very hard, but she always returns around 7:00 in the evening. This time, she texted me at 5:00 that she has a night shift today and she'll be back in the morning. I didn't worry too much, because I thought that staying alone at night was cool. I thought that I will watch Netflix until late, and order some food from the neighboring restaurant. However, at 6:00 I started getting bored, because my favorite series ended and I didn't have anything to watch. In that case, I called my best friend, Annie, and told her to come over, and that my mom won't be at home tonight (my dad left us a long time ago). She, however, texted me that she was grounded and has to stay at home. It was starting to get dark, so I ordered two large pizzas before pizzeria was going to close. They arrived at 7:00, so I got in the living room, turned the lights off in the rest of the house, sat on the couch, and started watching TV. At 9:00, it was dark outside, but I wasn't scared or anything - I was texting with Annie, and then decided to browse my social media. I uploaded very much on my Facebook, but I was very careful and my posts were only visible to my friends that I knew from real life. However, a few days ago I uploaded my photo in the bedroom and I didn't turn on the privacy settings, so it was public. I regretted it, when I saw a comment under this photo. It said "you're so pretty". At first, I thought it was Annie, or my boyfriend Carson, but it was a strange, unknown profile, with a sunshine as a profile picture. I got a little scared and clicked on the profile. It was empty - I thought, that maybe that person also uploaded only to friends, but he didn't have any. It looked, like that person created this profile only to comment on that photo. I blocked him immediately, because I didn't want that kind of message from a stranger. I got worried, but after a few minutes, I got back to eating pizza and watching TV. At 10, Annie texted me that she's going to sleep, so I texted back "ok" and continued. I entirely forgot about that weird thing, but a few minutes later I got a message from an unknown number, saying "why block me?". I freaked out, and I didn't have any idea how that weird profile got my number. I deleted the message, blocked this number, and texted my mom about the whole thing. She didn't respond, probably because she was busy. I didn't know what to do - if they knew my number, they could also know where I live. I even wanted to call the police, but I realized that I was panicking too much - after all, nothing happened. I called Carson, hoping, he wasn't asleep. He responded, annoyed that I woke him up at 11. I explained the situation to him and begged him to come over. He wasn't happy about it, but he agreed. He lived far from my house, but his aunt bought him a car, so I calculated that he would be here in about fifteen or twenty minutes. I sat there, in the living room, alone, in dark, while some weirdo was probably stalking me. I calmed down a little, but I couldn't get back to watching anything, so I turned off the TV and started checking, if every single photo posted by me is only for friends. As I was checking it, another message came, from another number, saying "you are very hot". I was so disturbed, that I not only deleted and blocked him, but I also turned off the phone, and took the SIM card out.  I ran upstairs, to mom's bedroom, and took her old phone, that she was keeping in the drawer. I replaced the card from mom's old phone to mine, and I called Carson's number, telling him to hurry. He didn't respond, because he never picked up unknown numbers. I texted him, and then I texted mom again, explaining what just happened. She didn't respond - I thought that she maybe had her phone turned off. Then, something even worse happened. I got to my bedroom, locked the door, and covered windows. I also turned the lights on, and opened my laptop to stress out. I realized that I got a few unread messages on Facebook - from a profile called Frank Haren. This account had the same photo, and it didn't have any friends. I read the messages, and I wanted to scream. They said: "I know where you live" "you little bitch" "you can't hide"  "I am coming for you" At this point, I was going to call the police, because what I just read were pure threats, but then I got a text from Carson that he's outside. I run downstairs and opened the door, without even looking, who is it. Fortunately, it was Carson. I hugged him and showed him the messages I got. He said that this guy is only writing this to scare me, and agreed to stay with me the whole night.  I was feeling a lot safer with him, so I replaced the card in my phone and left it turned on. We watched something on my laptop, and then we both fell asleep. It, however, wasn't the end, as I thought - it was only the beginning. I woke up at night, next to Carson. I looked at my phone to check what hour it is - it was 2 AM. I decided that I need to go back to sleep, but I couldn't, so I got downstairs to drink some soda. Everything was dark and I could barely see my hands, but I managed to find the light switch. After I turned on the lights, I heard something terrifying. It was knocking - on the door. I freaked out. Mom wouldn't get back at this hour, and I honestly could not think of anybody visiting us at 2 AM. I froze in the place, and didn't know what to do. I quietly got back to the bedroom, while knocking lasted. I woke Carson up, and told him that the guy sending me those messages stands behind door. He was half asleep, but he decided to check this out. When he got downstairs, the knocking stopped. He opened the door, while I grabbed a glass to hit him with if necessary. However, Carson got back inside and told me that there's nobody in here. I didn't understand, but I thought that he maybe run away or something. I wanted to call the police, but Carson said that nothing really happened. I decided to think about it in the morning, so we got back upstairs. I could not sleep, thinking about it. At 3 AM, I had to use the bathroom, and we had only one - downstairs. I was afraid of going there if the knocking returned, but I didn't want to wake Carson up, as he already did much to me. I walked down the stairs and found my way to the bathroom. As I finished my business and I walked out of the room, I heard steps. I was scared at first, but then I thought it was Carson. My gut feeling saved my life, because it told me to lock myself in the bathroom, and see if it's really him. It wasn't. I didn't see that somebody, because the lights were off, and I only saw his feet, but it wasn't Carson for sure. I was so terrified, that even if I wanted I couldn't move. I got on my legs quietly, and started feeling very bad. I didn't have my phone with me, so I couldn't call 911. I searched for something to defend myself, but I didn't find anything. I didn't even think, how that creep got inside. I tried to be quiet, as I heard his steps on the stairs, and how they were slowly getting quieter, and quieter, and when they vanished. I was paralyzed by fear, but I knew that this guy could do something to Carson, so I opened the door, and shaking, grabbed the glass standing on the counter, and I slowly walked towards the stairs...