As a scientist, I don't believe or at least didn't believe things like the soul existed, and always made fun of people claiming they had been possessed by demons and that's why they killed their wives, so wrong I was. A former student of mine that I had helped enter the world of science, had come to me and explained that she had performed astral projection, and that we had it all wrong, now obviously I didn't believe her. I at the time was performing an experiment near The Pyramids, three weeks after our first encounter there, I heard knocking at my temporary home that was set up for me, it was her. She locked terrified and locked like she hadn't slept for some time, I welcomed her in and made her some tea after she takes a few sips, she thanks me and I start comforting her, trying to get answers, she doesn't want to talk about it at first, but she relents and tells me that it was a mistake and that she should have known better, I start asking her what mistake, but I get nothing more out of her and she goes to sleep in my bed and I sleep on the couch. I suddenly wake up in the middle of the night to her standing over me and croaking??, I don't think she realized that I'm awake and starts going to the kitchen, now obviously I was terrified but also had no idea why I pretended to be asleep. I followed her to the kitchen and there I see her standing with a knife in her hand cutting herself, as If she had never felt pain before, she turns her head to me as I enter the room, smiling she says: hello poppet. In a normal voice as if that wasn't creepy at all. Then out of nowhere she lunges at me, managing to stab me once but out of adrenaline and some primal instinct that wasn't my friend anymore I quickly restrain her and she drops the knife, I push her into it, going straight through an artery, as soon as this happens I regretted it, it was as if I hadn't done it, then I heard something from her: it's okay...... I will skip over the police investigation, but as soon as I was let go, I reaserched astral projection thinking that's what happened. I trained for months, my fellow colleagues thought I had gone insane from the grief, after all this  I managed to astral project regularly and long enough, I returned to where she died. That was the biggest mistake of my life, I astral projected there and searched the house leaving the kitchen for last as I finished I started to hear singing from the kitchen, I slowly proceeded full of fear, what I saw there I can't give it a description that would fit it except it was very tall had a fat giraffe like neck spidery legs and.....had my friends face but it changed to someone else and so on it remembered me as I destroyed it's vessel it was clearly intelligent but never spoke only...croaked. as soon as it saw me it lunged me holding me down, it started sucking my ears I felt myself losing myself and remembered what it did to my friend in a temporary lift of power I yelled it off me, maybe deciding I wasn't for the trouble it started running upstairs.. to where my body was, I ran after it luckily it went to the main bedroom not where I had parked my body which was in the guest bedroom and as soon as it realized it came running to me, but it was too late as I had regained control of it. As soon as I woke up I ran to a crowded airport and booked tickets back home while waiting in a coffee shop, it feels like it following me or maybe I'm just to paranoid. Don't astral project.