This is not a story. I am a real person who is legitimately asking for a suicide assistant. I will give all of my money to anyone who will agree to help me find the right suicide method. I have tried taking pills, but I always wake up or throw up. I am too weak to ignore the pain and continue cutting myself deep enough to bleed out. I was not agile enough to throw myself into vehicular traffic. I am visibly anxious and cry a lot, so I would be noticed before I could manage to jump off a bridge. I would like a guaranteed drug overdose or a gunshot to the head. Recently went to the highest crime area i know of trying to buy a drug overdose, but couldn't get over my fear of judgment/failure so I just sat in a hotel room eating junk food and hoping that my untreated diabetes would kill me. I went back to my apartment after just a couple days of the week long stay i booked. I've been abusing dextromethorphan for several years. I need stronger pills. I am neglecting two amazing cats, because I am useless. My cats are not in good health and I am too much of a waste to get them to better homes. I have failed at life. I have no friends or family that care about me anymore because I am useless. I chased them all away with my melodrama. I don't have any hobbies or interests. I have no work experience. I am uneducated. I have no life experience. My social skills are nonexistent. I have done nothing with my life except for consuming resources. I dated and then married a person that I am not in love with because I am too afraid to be alone. I have struck my significant other out of anger. I have used emotional manipulation to control and force them to meet my demands. I cheated during the first year of our relationship and think about cheating frequently. I play mind games with people who don't want to play. I am worthless. I am a black hole. Please don't let me go on taking from the world. The only thing I have to give is my death. Even that is a burden. Somebody will have to dispose of my corpse and be inconvenienced by my horrible existence. There is no way for me to cease existing and I can't handle the fact that people know that I exist. Please help me find a solution. Please let me out of life. I don't want to be here, but I don't know how to end myself. I keep cycling through routines that are intended to damage body and lead to my death. I smacked my head against the wall until I felt warm and fuzzy yesterday. I took 900mg of dxm. I have 1,800mg more to take. I have been doing whippets. I eat fast food to exacerbate my diabetes. I type horrible things to see if they will kill me. I shitpost on the internet. This is a shitpost. Why did you read my shitpost? I spent hours writing this useless snippet of failure. I did not feel much of anything while doing so. Is this enough words for the bots to not automatically remove my attempts at finding peace? I don't have coronavirus. Do you know where to get a covid-19 infection? That would probably kill me, because of the diabetes and drug abuse. Can someone help me with this please? Thanks. Have a good one. 🌊🌊🌊