I'm now stuck and there is nothing I can do, I've always hated this house, the first day I bought it, it made me uncomfortable, nauseous, but I thought it was first move jitters. Then every time I was in the house I would be off, at first I thought I had the flu or something, so I stayed in but the longer I stayed the worse it got. Feeling concerned I called my boyfriend to take me to the hospital, while sitting there for over the hour all my symptoms disappeared, when the doctor checked me he said everything was fine, probably a nasty case of food poisoning. Getting home I felt fine again, a week later I felt fine, a week more and the symptoms came crashing back, more intense than before, back to the hospital, the symptoms didn't go away in time, the doctor said the same thing again, food poisoning, suggesting I stopped eating wherever, then commenting on some kind of black residue stuck in my teeth. I started to be more cautious with what I bought at stores and restaurants, getting tested for any allergies. Nothing was working, the sickness continued, one day I was tired of just sitting around, being depressed in my house so I left to stay with at my boyfriend's for a few days, the instant I got to his place I felt fantastic, the entire week I felt the healthiest I have ever been in my life. Unfortunately I had to go back home, as soon as I walked through the door the sickness hit me, the door slams behind me, pushing me forward to my hands and knees, that's when I realized it was the house, the house was the sickness, I tuck into a ball clutching my stomach as everything I've eating for the past few day releases, my bowels tighten before releasing hot liquid seeping down, through my tears I can see feet, pale, feet with chunks missing, someone standing there staring down at my misfortune, causing my pain. After that I got a real job, one that would keep me out of the house as long as possible, made friends to party with and try my best to end up on their couches or stay with my boyfriend, he started to joke that I basically live with him now. Theres time when i have to go home and I dread them, I'll be fine for the first day then as soon as I sleep the sick man makes sure I feel his pain, a few times I've woken up to him watching me, ripping peices of himself off and shoving him down my throat, or him holding me down dripping black liquid from his mouth to mine. Seven months my boyfriend proposed, I said yes, he is the love of my life, and we were going to go on the market for a new house after the wedding on March 15, 2020. Things went wrong, the lock down happened when I was in my house, I'm stick in here, the sickness is worse then ever, the man never disappears now, he now stands closer, sits closer, touches my hair, face, arms softly when he can, his eyes are content, he smiles when I cry, he laughs at the news reports, he gets mad when I ask him to leave. I'm stuck in this house, I'm stuck with him, and I know deep down that i will die before everything is done.