When I was younger I spent a lot of time at my Grandma and Grandad’s as my mom would work long overnight shifts at work so it was really the only option. I had my own room at their house and overall really enjoyed staying there. I wasn’t the kind of child to be scared of the dark and could get to sleep easily, but I have a vivid memory of one night I stayed there and to this day it still scares me. I would always have to sleep with my door open because my grandma liked to listen out for me during the night and check that I was okay, but this didn’t really bother me. My bed was placed against a wall with a window directly above it and on the other side of the room I could see straight out through my door onto the landing. This made it so I could see and hear anyone coming up and down the stairs. Although I didn’t necessarily have trouble sleeping, I was normally awake for about an hour after I went to bed as I liked to make up stories and scenarios in my head, you know, as a child does. This one night( I’m guessing the time was around half ten) I was awake as usual and everyone else was asleep. I heard creaking noises coming from what sounded like downstairs and getting closer, but I passed it off as nothing because the house was old and it wasn’t out of the ordinary for noises to occur during the night. There had always been this one bottom step at my grandmas house that was noisier than the others and made a louder creaking sound when stepped on. I began to feel a little more unsettled as I heard the sound of the step creaking and something or someone shuffling around making their way up the stairs. Everyone was in bed at this time. I then see what I could only describe as a shadow man, at least that’s what he looked like. He was tall and slim with a top hat on. Following him came another shadow man, this time he was short and a little chubby also wearing a hat. They seemed to be crouching over and tiptoeing, almost as if they were trying not to be seen or heard. I was fully awake and aware of what was happening, as I said previously it was normal for me to be awake at these times. The two figures then creeped into my grandma and grandads room, still hunched up and tiptoeing. This was by far one of the most chilling experiences i’ve had and I didn’t like how they almost seemed like they were up to no good. I couldn’t sleep for hours after and the next morning I remember briefly telling my grandma about what happened, but she brushed it off as nothing as I was about 9 at the time. I still think about this time to time and it really creeps me out to this day.