     I used to think of it as dreaming. A sense of euphoria drifting around me. A force of nature, only so vivid to me. I questioned it. I question still, why I did all of it. Now, I’m in my chamber. Writing my final words. A chamber built on this.. desire. A specific desire only I could truly fulfill. It came to me when I was a mere boy. Pestilence was common back then. My parents both had hunches in their backs from the constant work over desks. The computers wore, papers tore, and pencil tips shattered. It was much more simple back then. As I moved through the first 8 grades of school, I had a peculiar fascination with teeth. The obsession flourished to the eyes and brain. By grade 10, I studied the human skull. Carefully looking at each fold in the cerebral cortex. Mapping every blood vessel in the eye, and even tried reconstructing the nasal passages of the nose. My skills sharpened in high school, and were perfected in college. Those years,  my true passions flourished. I drew of organs and entrails constantly, I had to calm myself once, a paper slipped from my backpack, and then someone saw. To my fortune, they handed it back with reluctant please. They were being “nice.” I couldn’t trust them. If they were being nice now, we might form a friendship, and they would ask all about my hobbies, and what I do in my spare time. I couldn’t tell them my knowledge. Then it came to me. The vivid aura struck with a brilliant idea. Oh, they could become friends. They could help me a lot more, but.. they wouldn’t like my ideas and how they could “help” me. I know they still don’t. I visited their grave once. Old and decrepit. Just like me. I wish I could pull this old skin off, start anew, so to speak. During my investigations of how the kidneys functioned in unison. I found the same person. They stood at my door, knocking. They seemed to have wanted to “hang out.” I enjoyed out talk, while it lasted. By age 30, a massive skip of time, as my life was boring.  I decided to call my “friend.” They sounded so happy to hear me again. I sometimes regret what I done. I massacred our friendship, for my lust of knowledge. When they came to the door, I grabbed them. I then choked them with my bones fingers, and when they were out cold, I struck their head with a vase. A gift from my grandmother, now covered in blood. I retreated to my basement with the body. I threw the body onto a table, laid out my utensils, and proceeded my work. Days went by as I picked apart every inch of the body. The kidneys were displayed for advanced study. The stomach measured and scanned. Each eye studied independently. The brain.. oh the marvelous computer that ran each structure of the body so vastly complex. I enjoyed my time with it. The teeth, counted and measured, the nose, while washed thoroughly, cut and inspected, each bone, cartilage piece, molar, bicuspid. The knowledge was perplexing at first. And the blood was everywhere. I loved every second of this. I sometimes wish I could continue, but about 2 weeks after this friend’s disappearance, the cops came to my door. Oh dear, I’m in trouble.  How did they find out? They knocked in urgency, I had to do something.. I cleaned myself, and ran upstairs, locking the door behind me. I opened the door, and calmly said I have nothing to do with their situation. The chief clearly new something was up. He ordered them to search my home. The intruders looked through everything. Breaking and inspecting, and then they came to the basement door, locked. Big chief asked me to unlock it.  I spared a few minutes, pretending to search my pockets. I then had to confess the key and unlock the door.  This unfolded my studies to everyone in the room. I was immediately ambushed, and sentenced to 30 years in prison. I can’t say I didn’t deserve it. I had so much fun doing it though, running through the guts and out the eye was thrilling! And now, I am 70, living my old age through a punishment. Time is cruel. So who knows what they did to my research after proving what I did in court, using my earnings against me. I don’t regret anything I did. Knowledge is a fruitful and infinite source to many. I was just a curious person out of the many.