 Let me start this office is going to be a really long post and maybe this can show you guys to not think that living in the hood or selling drugs or buying drugs is cool it really is never going to turn out good for you. I lived a good majority of my life in Pennsylvania I was born in New Jersey I dont really remember much from living in Jersey i'm 16 right now and this is just a throwaway account. to start off I lived a good majority of my life in a town called Wilkes-Barre wilkes-Barre is known for being a pretty tough place has lots of shootings lots of drug deals and all that s\*\*\* I lived there when I was about 9 years old to about 14 and then after that I moved to to a little nicer of a town the town was nicer but it was still pretty rough there still shootings there still drug deals but it was a fairly big leap from what Wilkes-Barre but I guess I can start off some of the stories in Wilkes-Barre that's where it all started but actually right before Wilkes-Barre i'll start there both my parents were drug addicts for a lot of my life and even into the years of me living in Wilkes-Barre two right before Wilkes-Barre living with one of my mom's good friends that took me in for maybe about a year a little less until they could get out of rehab and like most of people living in the hood neither of my parents had much money cuz they're right out of rehab so we had to move to a really bad neighborhood which was Wilkes-Barre in the moment I always hated living with all my brothers and my sister and all the people in the house but always fight and we always argue but now looking back at it I trade it for anything I miss being very close with my family right now I just live with my parents and all my siblings are moved out, a few things, small things that my brother was jumped I got punched in the back of your head by this kid I don't really know I used to be lots of I remember there used to be lots of guys would drive around and ask if you needed rides or some shit but we were smart kids so we never took them lmao. One big moment though that i remember is when our close family friend got shot buying blunt wraps at a corner store and like 12 at night. And im not saying its fault but when you live in a bad area you know not to be out when the street lights out if you can. But he got shot, and my brother like (17) at the time thought he was taking long so he went walking to meet up with him and ym brother heard him get shot and helped him get back to the house. He got shot cause this dude wanted his money and he only had some quarters and the pack of swishers on him. And i remember i was playing in the living room on my old xbox, and my brother busts through the door screaming to call 911 and im asking him if its a joke i thought he was fuc\*\*\*\* with me. Thankfully he lived but hes got so much in bills that he'll never pay them off and hes always in pain cause hes got metal plates and shards of the bullet still in him. Actuality going back a bit my family used to live with the friend that got shot with him and his mom, And he had a really good friend steve that was also a friend of the family(all my brothers and the familys friends are like 16-19 in these storys) and his close friend acctually got shot and killed in a botched drug deal on the same street of the house we lived in after wilkesbarre. The report said that the 2 shooters killed steve, wounded his brother and killed the other 2 in the house and that all the bodys had multiple shots in them making sure they were dead. And the 2 shooters said later that they didnt have any remorse so that hurt. I didnt know lets call him steve very well but i did remember him. And i remember talking to my dad(my brothers friend always came over to my parents house for advice and shit) and my dad said that the day he died he came over and was telling my dad that he was real nervous cause he was about to do a drug deal and the people were really shady, my dad told him to just stay home,He went and got shot and killed. Another one of my brothers friends was always fucked up in the head. And i didnt know him to well either, but i remember him. And he killed himself, my brothers told me he was in a car accident cause they didnt want me knowing that he killed himself but i later found out he killed himself. And its real sad cause i see him as a recommended friend on facebook every so often, and his last 4 posts were fucking heart wrenching. His like 4th to last post was a picture of him getting accepted into one of his dream colleges, and he was posting how his life is getting so much better and how hes so happy. Then his last post he said "i did the best i could" and thats the last thing he ever fucking posted. I once heard a quote that said sometinhg like "you die twice,once when you take your last breath and the second time you die is when someone speaks your name for the last time" and thats the reason i still try to think about these people even if i didnt know them that well i want to make sure that there not forgotten about. And on a fairly lighter note ill give some storys that i find funny now,maybe they werent funny in the moment but i can laugh at them now. And old friend of my mom from when we lived in jersey needed a place to stay so she stayed with us. But one of the days her and her husband stole like 200 dollars and a bunch of my brothers weed. And my brothers found out so my 2 brothers waited for them to come home then they put them to knife and hammerpoint and told them to give back the money and weed, and apparently (my brother told me this) my other brother had the hammer and he husband overpowered him and then had him at hammer point. Long story short they kept saying they didnt have it and my brothers just gave up. like the next day in the news one of the cornerstores down the street there was an arrest of 2 people and that had a lot of money on them and weed kept in tinfoil, thats how my brother kept his weed so turns out they did steal it. Theres another time that the moment itself wasnt funny but one day my brother found some pills in my moms jacket and flipped out (hes still got a lot of anger for the things hes been put through but hes really close with out parents now) and when he found them he flipped out and grabbed a hammer and smashed our kitchen table like 9 times. We went on using that table until a few months ago when we bought a new one. The funny thing is that we always had a cover on the table so you had to be carefull putting drinks on the table on a certain side cause they would fall in and spill everywhere. Theres another time from like 2 years ago when me and like 2 of my friends were walking to a 3rd freinds house, way to late at like 11 it was pitch black. And they were dumbass friends who would like yell random shit at people then run, and this time they did it and we noticed this guy was following us, so we ran and went in back streets to get to our friends house and we sat on the porch for like 15 minutes thinking he was gone and he came walking down and he was obvouisly high off some drugs and he came up mumbling and grabbed my friend and told my other friend to hold his jacket and looked like he was gonna punch him, so i went inside and was yelling to call the police (in hindsight i should of just clocked him he was already high he prolly would of went down easy but to be hnest i kinda babied out) but nothing escalated my friends parents and brothers came and called the police then we went inside and locked the door, some of them wanted to go outside and fight him but some poeple in the house were just saying to stay in he might have a knife which was the smart move. Long story short police came and arrested him after like 7 minutes of him slamming on the front door screaming for us to let him in. And thats about all the storys i could think of now prolly a few more but thats all thats off the top of my head for now. To be honest i wanted to vent but i also really want people to realize that being a gangbanger and living in the hood shouldnt be glorified its really fucking up and you aint gonna live long. And with all the rich little kids claiming there gangster and from the hood trying to use that slang and lingo thinking there cool, just stay in your private school with that great future ahead of you, hood kids might make fun of you for being rich but we all want it so bad, You dont want to live off of foodstamps getting your internet shut off, having people in your life killed robbed and jumped. Be happy you have a better life. <3 love all you on reddit please take my advice(sorry for all the spelling and grammer mistakes)