I installed a police scanner on my phone not long ago. You get the average radio chats of a wreaked car and an occasional crazy and shoplifter. But today was different. And honestly....I don't if I'll make. The whole state is in a state of emergency and closed off. Earlier there were tremors all over. Some say it was earthquakes which Wisconsin, Milwaukee  specifically  weren't so strong, but after approximately 15 minutes after the tremors it came. I had put on the scanner to see what was happening that maybe there was some explanation. All the chatter, all the confusion. They said it was some creature. They said it was as tall as the empire state building. All of this happening over the scanner I go outside and see it in the distance. Downtown is on fire and this thing...this monster standing just standing in the destruction. People were screaming and trying to run away as it cried eating what I can only assume were humans and stomping on others in the process. Then it just stood there. On what I can assume are it's forelimbs and hind legs with two other limbs that I can only assume were arms on it's lower torso. It stood pretty straight with the help of it's forelimbs. Then it looked in my direction. Almost like it was staring at me and started moving in my direction. I duck into an alley as it began destroying my neighborhood I started running to where the police designated an evacuation point. I guess our lake was the safest bet so I took the chance. I got there and saw people I recognized. They were there with their families most covered in dust and debris, others in minor head injuries and makeshift bandages and casts. We were all waiting to get on the boat the coast guard was escorting us too. But with all the commotion with the military getting involved didn't make things any better considering they were shooting it not far from us. Hitting it with tank fire too but that wasn't even working. We never got on the boat....they chased it to close to us....we ran...all those families and people....it..it was eating them...I ran south. But Milwaukee is closed off. Wisconsin is closed off. The scanners have stopped. The chatter is silent. Everything is silent except the the sirens....except the thuds of its footsteps above me as I sit locked in this cement basement...except for it's roars and cries as that of a being from hell itself. I write this in hope of someone knowing what this is. Of what was the cause and why it happened. It's been 2 hours since it attacked and now the bombs are dropping.  The chatter came on to tell us all godspeed and to tell us that if we are still alive after the bombings we would not be able to leave our destroyed city and soon state. That's how I know it's all closed off before it completely went silent. My home....my family that lived near the downtown area...my friends...they're all gone.. It stopped above me. Directly above me. Can it smell me? I hear a whistling sound. Almost lik--------