I need to be quick-I don't have much time before they come back. I am part of an experiment, and I don't know where I am but I need to know that someone, somewhere is looking for me. Please. I keep a log of my days in a journal, but they cannot find out that I have had access to a computer. Please, anyone, look for me. I can't take this anymore.   *The last thing I saw before getting thrown overboard was their hands tying the blocks of cement to my feet. Next thing I knew, the sounds from above were muffled by the water surrounding me. Down, down, down I went-legs first into the dark depths below. The light from under the boat shone, refracting in the water. I knew I should have held my breath, but I couldn't help but scream in my struggle to break free from the blocks dragging me down deeper.* *I felt pain like nothing I had felt before as the water filled my lungs, suffocating me. My ears popped from the change in pressure, and I knew that soon my lungs would explode too. Explode they did, and I felt every ounce of pain, but I knew I wouldn't die. I'm not like everyone else, you see. I was born, but not to die, and I've been subjected to a life of pain without end. My body is used over and over again to see the things that you cannot see and to do the things that you cannot do. I didn't ask them to make me this way, but still I am used in their experiments to "better the world." There are some things that the world is better off not knowing.* *As the water enveloped me, I saw the last bit of light from the surface disappear. My body was mangled from what I could tell, although I couldn't feel the parts of it where the nerves had died. It was pitch black, and I couldn't even tell if my eyes were closed or not. The ocean is a scary place, deeper than you could ever imagine. The things that live below the waters have been here longer than you have, longer than man has or ever will be. These things are very much alive and real, and it is only the distance that keeps you from ever coming into contact with them. They cannot survive up there and you will not survive down here.* *Very soon, I started to feel movement in the water around me. Things that I couldn't see were writhing around, touching my body, and in the dark there is no telling what it actually is. With my ears destroyed I couldn't even hear anything in the water around me, all I could do was feel the sensations of the creatures. The writhing grew denser and denser, and very soon I was being completely engulfed in it. I could feel it pulsating around me; I could feel it's heartbeat-proof that whatever it was was alive.* *The thing wrapped itself around me tighter and tighter and mashed me between its appendages. The moment I felt the pressure get the tightest, I was back in the lab, soaking wet and naked. The scientists and doctors gathered around me in the stunningly bright light. They inspected me for any damage, but as always there was none. They questioned me about what I saw and felt down below, but they didn't seem satisfied with my limited answers. I had said all that I could, but it wasn't enough. Tomorrow they will throw me overboard again, this time with a light fastened to me to see...*   The doctors know that I feel every bit of pain, but they do not care anymore. I am not human to them. After all, part of being human is dying. They've even tried all the ways they could think of to kill me in between their experiments to "explore the world." I've been mutilated, taken apart piece by piece to see if it will kill me. Please stranger, I know I'm not the same as you, but I am going insane in here.