Since I was a child, I experienced many unexplainable things, which some people call paranormal. I don't know how to call it, but I had one particular case, which happened 8 years ago, but I still remember that day vividly. It still terrifies me to the core. So, I was struggling with depression for years back then, and I had a good friend, who's got me a self-help book to overcome my anxiety, insecurity and depression. It was a very stormy, dark day and I couldn't wait to get home to start the book. I was really excited to start a new life with it's help. It was a very short day in school, I've got home just before noon. My clothes were totally wet, so I showered, and went upstaires to my room. I had a tiny room in the corner of our house, separated by a parquet hallway full of wardrobes. Usually I listened to music at home, because I didn't like the silence, and because I was afraid home alone, and music seemed to help me to distract my thoughts. That particular day I decided not to turn on music, so I could better focus on the book. There was really dark in my room, even though it was about noon and the roll-up blinds were fully up. Sometimes a thunder broke the monotonous sound of the rain. I was a bit afraid, because I had an uncomfortable feeling, but couldn't explain why. Nevermind, I started the book. It was full of optimistic sentences about how you can control your life, your thoughts, and how you can attract anything. I tried to absorb as much information as I could, and concentrated on each sentence. Soon I forgot about the storm, and everything, even my surrounding. Some time later, I heard footsteppes from downstairs. I didn't really care about that, I thought my little sister got home from school. I continued the book as the storm raged on outside. Once my concentration broke, when I heard someone slowly coming up on the stairs. It was a wooden stair and everytime someone used it, it made that cracking, creaking sound. I didn’t bothered much, it was obvious that my sister came up. So I tried to focus on the book again, but then the footsteppes slowly turned in the direction of the hallway which connected my room and the corridor with the stairs. I listened carefully, just to hear when my sister is near to my room. I did this because I knew her, and we liked to scare each other, so I suspected she was onto something and I wanted to be prepared for her „little surprise”. As I expected, the steppes turned to the hallway and slowly got closer to my room. The parquet exposed her, because it creaked under every stepp. Then I heard heavy, shredding breathing while the steppes stopped just before my room. I had to say, I was a bit afraid, but I knew it was my sister. I got my phone to watch the time, and I was literally terrified. There was just past 13.00 pm, and I remembered my sister would come home after 15.00 pm, because she had extra classes that day. So none of my family members were home. The adrenaline flooded my whole body, I heard my heart beating so hard and fast, I thought it was about to break off my chest. I held my breath for some seconds to be sure I didn't hear my own breathing. But the shredding breathing continued. Now I knew it couldn’t be my sister, but I thought it was the best to act as I'm not suspecting anything, so I called out loud with a shaky voice: "You can't frighten me, I know that it’s you sister." Then the breathing stopped, and I swear to god, there was a loud bang on one of my hallway wardrobe. It was like someone had punched it with it's fist so hard, like they wanted to break the wooden door of the wardrobe. I was terrified. I screamed so loud and long, that my voice disappeared at the end, and couldn't scream more. Even though I was in terror I knew I had to escape, and I could go just one direction, so, I've got up, and faced what were in my hallway. There was nothing, and no one. I rushed down the stairs to our living room, and stand back to the wall, with my eyes on the stairs. I said things like "please go away, don't hurt me." I cried like a baby, and the raging storm didn't help much. I felt like someone was waching me in the livingroom and felt that everytime even closer. I couldn't stand that feeling and fear, so I ran outside into the storm. I sat down on the outside stairs and waited for my mom to get home. When she got home from work, I cried and telled her everything, I telled her to move away from this house immediately, I was in panic. She was very confused, and didn’t believe me, she said I needed psychological help. When I went back to my room, I stopped on the hallway, and opened each wardrobe, and guess what. In the wardrobe closest to my room, the mirror was cracked. I couldn't sleep alone for a long time after this experience, and even if my sister slept in my room, I left the lights on. There was some time after this, when I randomly woke up every single night in the same time at 02.10 am, I feared the worst, that something like this would happen, but nothing happened, just some parquet creaking, and I had bad gut feelings, but that's all. Since then, my depression has disappeared and didn’t experienced something as powerful as this.