Everyone dreams, but not like I do. I hear stories of beautiful places and amazing things, but never for me. Ever since I was pretty young, as far back as I can remember, I've always had very vivid, violent dreams, some of the early ones were even of things I'd never seen or heard of till much later in life, like memories or other versions of me, maybe from past lives, but who knows. Some of them were as if I was living it first person, and stranger yet, some where I watched myself from a small distance like some kind of spotter, warning myself of approaching danger, studying my killing, learning and evolving. Dreams of wars, of vicious human enemies, of demons, monsters, the worst things you can imagine, and in all, a distant familar figure that while it seemed just out of clear sight, I knew somehow was smiling as if it enjoyed the one big common thread that in the end, I kill them all. Maybe I was it's chosen champion, maybe a vile enemy that just enjoyed the conflict, I never understood. Somewhere in my mid teens as many of us do, I discovered drinking and while my friends were just out to have fun and get fucked up, I had found something entirely different, peace. For years I went on like that, life of the party, always ready for one more round, and though the noise of life was turned up, when I closed my eyes there was silence, no dreams, so I just kept doing it. After some time living like this, I found someone I loved and settled down with a women who wasn't into the night life, so naturally she started trying to get me to slow down with the drinking. I had never told her about the dreams, and didn't want to sound crazy, plus I felt I'd outgrown it, and it was time slow the party down for both of our sakes plus after this long I was thinking everything would be more normal for me now, boy was I wrong. My first night sober was a real doozy. I close my eyes, only to open them again a moment later in the back seat of an old Lincoln blazing down a deserted highway in the Arizona desert. I'm watching myself driving, while a hysterical woman next to me frantically pours through the pages of an old book. "There's got to be something in here about how to close it" she sobs. As we wind upwards through the mountain pass, I begin to notice all the creatures of hell I'd seen so many nights in years past crawling on the mountain walls beside us, and in the distance, a large reddish glow. As the highway comes to an end towards the top of a mountain, I pull off into a small clearing surrounded mostly by rock walls and see the source of the light. Portal, door, gateway, whatever you'd like to call it, I could now see a large, horned figure ushering the evil things through it. As I watched myself get out of the car, the figure turned to me and smiled a familiar smile. "You're weak now" it said. As I reached for a gun in the car, I heard a blood curdling growl, and backseat me yelled "watch out!" I spun around to see a large wolf like creature already in the air had jumped towards me. As I fell backwards and felt the burning teeth sink into my arm, my eyes opened only to see my girl laying beside, staring at me and smiling. "I missed you" is all she said, and immediately rolled out of bed. She had never said it to me quite like that before, and never would again. The next few nights were pretty rough; a large sword and an ancient castle under siege, a flamethrower in a large city and fighting off a gang trying to get into my house, monsters from the depths of the ocean crawling up and over the sides of my boat, but unlike before in each dream, something always fought through and got to me. Strange thing was, every time I woke up, I'd open my eyes and there she was, the girl I loved laying beside me just staring and smiling the same smile. Finally, one night after a couple weeks of renewed violent dreams, I fell fast asleep and came to on the side of an old stone structure in a jungle. As I began to look around, I heard something crashing through the jungle and headed in my direction. Without hesitation, I charged towards it and while I'll spare you the horrific details, I was suddenly back to being the monster that I had been all those years ago. After the fighting, I sat down on the ground against a large boulder surrounded by what was left of what had come for me, firmly gripping my blood soaked axe, and almost feeling right at home, I leaned back and closed my eyes. I awoke rested and unafraid, but found my girl was nowhere to be seen. Figuring she went to work early, I didn't think much of it, till I noticed after breakfast it had been awhile and I didnt get a text back. A couple hours later she returned home with some shopping bags and groceries. It felt like she was mad at me, but had no reason to be. After silently putting a few things away with me in the other room, she walks in without saying a word holding a beer and a large glass of whiskey. She sets it down in front of me, looks me straight in the eyes and just smiles. Maybe I'll pass on this round.