(J for Jack and D for Drake) There are no news article, televisions, or anything about this so-called case. So you won't find much other then what I'm telling you. Anyway, probably isn't important... right?  -  The cold breeze, the fresh air, the moistness, it's all so perfect. The rustling leaves beneath your feet as you take one calm step, life couldn't be more enjoyable.  The dark clouds, the rain fall upon your face, the darkness of the day, refreshing honestly. Couldn't be better, I think. Anyway, I'm heading to my friends for a day. He is an outdoor admirer as well, thankful. Other friends I have sit on their PC all day and eat pizza. Lazy bums. Aimlessly, my friend is a pretty cool guy. We have some common things about us, like sports, hiking, trails. It is a match made from heaven.. friend wise. His name is Drake, I'm Jack if I didn't already introduce myself. Shoot- I'm gonna be late. - I arrive at Drakes house. J: Hey man, how you doing? D: I'm good!  J: Cool. Oh, can we go hiking through your woods? D: Man you know- J: I know your mother says to not go in the woods but, who can't resist? It's a Saturday evening, we'll be okay. Home at dinner? D: FINE. IF we get lost it is your fault. J: Hmm. - We approach the first dirt trail leading to river-fall ahead. J: This is so peaceful, the forest roaring to life with it's beautiful natural scenario. D: I know, best thing- leaves crunch farther ahead - D: Did- Did you hear that Jack? J: I did, it was probably an animal, you know how it goes down when we enter animal territories. Nothing to be afraid of. D: You're right, let's keep going. J: Wow, it is WINDY out here. I mean like tornado windy, holy! Nice breeze though. D: Yeah! It sure is. - We approach a stream oncoming a big lake with surrounding trees - J: Whoa! I kinda want to take a quick snap, you know, for our Instagram! D: I'm totally on it! Me first. - I hold the phone steady and snap the picture as it begins to drizzle - J: Wow! Nice pose bro. I haven't even looked yet, - We look at the screen, and a horrifying , skinny white figure, maybe about 7 ft tall , photo bombs our picture. D: BRO! WHAT IS THAT! J: I don't know.. maybe it was a glitch? from the water-drops? Because I don't see anything around us Drake. D: Hmm, okay fine. We'll keep going, but I have a bad vibe from this. J: Oh, please. We aren't even that far in! - Everything in distance goes silent, and a constant sound of water dripping from above the tree - J: Did you feel that? I felt a water droplet on my nose. D: J-Jack, that isn't water... J: What do you mean? Of course it is water! - Jack feels the tip of his nose to unravel a dark, warm red color - J: Is this- BLOOD? D: Jack it is blood, but- but if it dripped above then.. then what is above us? I'm not looking. J: We are looking together, at the same time, ready? 3..2..1 - They look up to see a disfigured thing - like they saw in the picture, staring right back them taking their unholy soul - D: JACK! RUN! - They don't look behind and they keep going forward - just sprinting. They end up somewhere in the middle of the forest. - J: WHERE ARE WE? I DON'T SEE ANY CIVILIZATION! D: I guess this is over, I told you this was bad, and I don't even know what the fuck that ugly creature was. Now, we are lost. And my phone is at 8 percent with no signal. J: Mine is only at 12 percent and you know apple these days - with their turn on your screen, you lose 5 percent - D: I'm not going back there even if I had to! J: You think I'm going? NO WAY. - They both sigh - D: I don't think it was only that creature Jack, I'm not gonna lie but I saw something else too. It looked like a humanoid disfigured body, with a twisted head and limbs. I know what they are called though, I looked it up. Those disfigured bodies are called Phenom. Just - I don't know what the other creature was - Let's think. - We both think and think about the creature and suddenly - J: THE RAKE! IT'S CALLED THE RAKE, REMEMBER? D: OH NO. We are officially dead now. J: Shush, do you hear something? - We listen closer and we hear a tiny mumble coming from behind us , we quickly turn to see - J: OH MY FUCK! Wait - who are you? D: Is that a little girl? - The girl repeats, do not go in the woods, do not go in the woods -  D: What? Jack: What- - They are silenced by this gargling sound coming from above - D: and J: What the fuck is that J: drops his phone - They look up - The creature mumbles, "Do Not GO In The Woods" as he slashes and kills them, dragging them in the faded darkness ahead... Jacks phone rings, his mother calling, and answers - M: Jack? Where are you? Drakes mother is terribly worried -  the creature mumbles, Do not go in the woods. Call Ended.