Hello, my name is Thomas, I live in the middle of fucking nowhere so this coronavirus doesn't affect me. I mean ya I read about it in the news but I hardly ever even see my sparsely spread out, Nabors.  but all of that is beside the point and as you can be reading the title (look how smart you are) I don't care about the virus. recently weird things have been happening around my house. and although that might sound like, "ya bad and bazaar things happen sometimes" but no. These "things" that are going on, are on another level. It all started about a year and a half ago, although I didn't expect this to be anything at the time it was the first of many connected events. I was out doing some gardening since I was finally settling down into the new house that I now know is haunted or some shit, and I had to dig some holes in the patch of dirt in the front of my house. That is when I found something peculiar, a skull of a raccoon or something. and when I inspected it more closely it seemed to be just that so I set the skull aside and kept digging holes for the Japanese maples I was planning on planting when my shovel hit something, another of these "raccoon skulls" although the second one was different. I was much too large to be the skull of a raccoon, almost twice the size of the previous one and way heavier, so heavy in fact that I was sure something was weighing this skull down so I had the strange idea of cracking it open with the shovel. I swung the shovel over my head and with a satisfying smack hit the oversized raccoon skull instantly shattering it. As it turned out I was right about there being something in there, there was an oversized golden-bronze covered key that looked really old. This weird-ass key that managed its way into the skull looked like the type of key a pirate would use for their treasure chest. Despite being thoroughly confused I continued digging, although not after long guess what I found, another of these fucking skulls. The third skull was the smallest by far being like a large rat skull in size but once again very heavy. I know I know this is very repetitive and like many of you would probably have guessed by now I found much more of these skull bearing keys, I mean key bearing skulls, 37 and a half to be exact. (the like third to last one I found was  broken in half although I never found the other half.)  This seems weird right, the 30+ skulls under my front yard and the fact that I filled my yard with holes trying to find just one more skull, I was like some force was driving me forward. I just have to find one more skull then I can get some sleep but no I kept trying to find them until six o'clock in the morning and was very tired the next day that I mostly sleep through. The second thing happened about three or four months after that in the fall when where I live it's just a little rainier, none of those deciduous trees around here. I was doing some foraging, a hobby of mine when I swore I heard some sound coming from the general direction of my house, so I tried to hear it better. It sounded like high pitched crying like someone speed up the sound of a woman crying and played it from a crappy radio that was fairly loud near my house. But like all mysterious woodland noises (trust me of all people on this one) It just dissipated. This sound though, how could rustling pine trees cause that, not the sound of the wind or an animal, I had to know what I was. Once again normally I wouldn't care about something as trivial as a sound in the woods but, similar to the raccoon skull incident a voice at the back of my head pressured me into it. I ran back to my house with urgency to hear that sound again when I got there. This time, however, was not the same, the demonic sound was clearly coming from the other side of my house but by the time I reached my house's clearing, I could hardly think, the crying was on and off like a bad headache and had a non-human chill or ring to it that made me despise the awful noise with all my heart. Despite all of this that fuckwad of a voice that had gotten into my mind forced me into it, into... going to the other side of the house, but as soon as I should have been able to see what was making the terrifying noise I blacked out. At the time I thought It was a pain,  although that doesn't explain how was I on the floor of my living room? these are the first instances of what has lead up to my current circumstances where I have to hide in first motels but now that the virus is happening I'm like the fellowship of the ring but all by myself running away and camping out luckily with good supplies (portable solar banks are the bomb) and trying to escape whatever lives at my house. If you guys know anything about any kind of cult or fucking dark god bullshit could do this please I beg you help me. I will share more on a later date but for now, this is Thomas signing off.