This story starts a few years ago, when I was in the 7th grade. For context, i lived with my grandma and grandpa during this time, up in the mountains, in a good wooded area, also i was a tad shorter than other kids in my grade. My grandma had a rule about banana peels, that we throw them outside, over the bank of the backyard. This is important, because one night im staying up a little late eating a banana while my grandpa watches WWE wrestling. When im done i go outside on the porch and throw my banana peel, but it hits a tree branch and falls to the ground in the backyard. my Grandma doesn't like them being there, because they can attract bears and stuff too close to the house. I go off the porch with only the dim porch light on, and grab the banana peel, then i throw it over the bank. When i do i see something off in the shadows. A pair of eyes staring at me. I know what you are all thinking. "Maybe it was just a bear or wolf." I can disprove that, because this thing's eyes were up too high to belong to a wolf, and bears around here don't care about people, as I've had some encounters with them were they just ignored me and my grand parents. I looked at it for a few seconds and it moved closer. At that point I ran back to the porch and back inside, closing the door behind me. Every few nights if i went outside for any reason, I would see it staring at me from the shadows. This continued until January of my 9th grade year. during that time period from 7th to half way through 9th grade i didn't grow above 5 feet, also my grandpa had died during my 8th grade year. Half way through my ninth grade year, my dad took me to live with him in the Rocky's. I came back later the summer of that year, and during my time away i had shot up in ehight. from being barely 5 feet tall to over 6 feet tall. I hadn't seen that creature until about a year ago, before i had graduated high school. It was late at night and my dog started getting anxious, then i hear something coming from the basement.I went downstairs and saw the basement door wide open. I went over to the door and heard something coming from the back of the basement. I went to investigate and saw the thing from those years ago, in my house. It saw that i was way bigger than i used to be and ran off. I had gotten a somewhat better look at it when it ran. It was humanoid and had a pale complextion. After it bolted out the door and slammed the door shut and made double sure i had it locked. That night i had trouble getting to sleep. I know the thing must have been unnerved, due to me being way bigger than i used to be, but it still got into my house, and there was no lock on the door into the basement from the house until i decided to put one on myself. I could only imagine what that thing would have done to me, my dog, and my grandma if i hadn't been awake. Im not sure if it was a crazy mountain dweller or something else.