I lay in the field. Nothing around me but the corn. I try to get up, but a pain floods into my chest. Multiple attempts to get on my feet failed, as I feel broken bones scrape across each other. Nothing. I try to yell for help, to no hope at all. I try to locate where I am, but I can’t work with cornstalks and the sky, and all I hear is the swaying of the cornstalks, and the wind whisper sweet nothings into my ear. What feels like hours pass drone on, until the movement begins. Someone was running through the stalks, and stopping to seemingly just look at me, and continue running around me. I try to look around me, but I see nothing. The sky is clear, and not even the corn around me looks touched, but someone is here. I know someone is here. Someone is mocking me. Just running circles around me, stopping, and returning to it’s fast pace. I start to think that the person who did this to me is now tormenting me. I wait for him to finally strike, but he never does. I’m tired of the games he’s playing. I yell at him to just do it or just leave me be. No response. The running continues. He is running now for as long as I’ve been here. I begin to believe that this is no he, but an it, and whatever it was, I feel it’s the reason I’m here. Before this, all I remember was the party with my friends. I saw a girl lift her top, a guy throw up in the bushes, a frat-boy playing beer-pong and couples going upstairs. I leave, I fall, and now I’m here. Why? My college is in Maine, and we don’t have corn, or these clear of skies. How did I get here? I decide it’s time for the final attempt to get up. I push back the pain, and stand up as the popping of my joints crack and bend. Every second I stand is a new rush of pain, knocking at the door and introducing itself to my body. I push back every introduction, and fix my posture. And now that I stand on two legs, I get a bearing of my surroundings, and see exactly what I was theorizing: more corn. I try to locate the running thing now I stand on my two legs. I yell as loud as I can, yelling that I am injured and need help. Within seconds, a shadow flies at me, screaming, knocking me on my feet. It now stands above me. Long, bony arms, tar-black skin, and covered in dead leaves. It wreaks like a dead corpse, and it twitches with every breath. It breathes over me, as it’s stomach inflates and deflates, as it stares at me. Except, it had nothing to stare at with me, for all it had as a face is a wide, bloody, gaping hole.