It was a cold night, cold enough to make Father Christmas him self shiver. I was just cleaning out my late father’s garage when I stumbled upon an old rustic telescope that looked as it has been through hell and back. 
Ancient the dammed thing was, but little did I know that this “ancient” object would lead me to a Horrific remembrance  about a traumatic childhood event. Being the curious fool I was I took it out of the cobweb filled corner of the damp garage. Once I awkwardly lugged the thing out into the frigid front lawn that was filled with crickets and frogs filling the somber night  their loud mating calls as if they were hopeless romantics attempting to find love with another being. I stepped over the the telescope and brushed the dust off of it a little bit considering it had been in storage for who knows long. I then carefully moving my eye into the end of the telescope. At first I couldn’t see a thing out of it until I adjusted the little knob that was located to the left of the eye hole. Once I was able to observe the sky with a clear vision I looked at the stars, admiring the brightness and the luster of the little creations of god. I then proceeded to look up at the moon, expecting to see some tiny martians flying on a space ship and being the rulers of space, but what I saw that night wasn’t Martians or any other entity you would imagine seeing in space, I saw the face of a little girl. This especially frightened me because that same little girl was murdered ten years ago when I was eleven years old. It was the sixth grade and me and one of my best friends Maddison French were riding our bikes home from an debilitating day at school when we decided to take a short cut home. The short cut was through the woods that spit out at the roundabout were the two of us lived for the most of our child hood. When we entered the woods we saw the man that we saw every day picking up trash being the Good Samaritan the community saw him as up until that August day. One thing that was off about him was that he wasn’t picking up trash he was staring at us. Not the usual friendly stare you get from a neighbor this was the type of stare you get from someone who was out to get you, I still remember his stare till this day bone chilling it was, the stare looked like he was looking deep into our souls and looking at all of our deepest secrets. As usual Maddison went up to the man and hugged him. But this time he didn’t hug back, he grabbed the little girl by her tiny weak neck and strangled her. I watched, I watched knowing that I was losing the only friend I had, I watched knowing this man was killing someone that meant so much to me. That is why I was terrified to see the face of the little girl on the moon. Twenty years have gone by since the day I first saw the little girl that night, I am a happily married man with two daughters, every time I look up at the moon I still see the girl who was murdered that August day, Maddison French.