I was starting to regret letting this dame into my office. Business might have been bad these past few weeks, but this blonde didn’t look like she was going to be making it any better. I never liked blondes anyway. Most of them had a head of hair instead of brains, and this one had even less due to them having been eaten. The blonde chick moaned and staggered toward me with her rotting arms outstretched. Luckily, I had my two best friends in the world to protect me. My good buddy in my hip flask I liked to call Dasani, and my ol’ pal I kept in my holster who was “Glock” when he got drunk and “gun” when he was sober. I took a swig from my life-giving flask and swished it across my teeth in thought. By this time most appointments with blondes had gotten a bit steamier. What a shame this one had its lips torn off. Suddenly, the crazy dame lunges toward me with a low, guttural groan. I dodged around her and pushed her by the back of her neck into my desk. Her skull made a sickening squelching sort of sound as Gun and Dasani applauded. Gun finished up quick afterwards. He couldn’t let me have all the fun after all. I was feeling proud of myself as I straightened up. There was a crash in the back that put an uneasy feeling in my gut, right next to the lead bullet from ‘84. I carefully made sure the blonde was good and re-dead, and opened the door to the back room. I should’ve known the blonde would bring some muscle. two hulking, rotting ghouls roared and advanced a bit quicker than I expected towards me. The bigger one picked me up like a rag doll and started bringing my poor face closer to what was left of its mouth. I kicked off against its stomach and flew backwards, taking an arm with me. As big boy #2 charged at me, I slapped it with the arm the first had graciously gifted me, and sent it reeling into the wall. Not to be outdone, Gun took matters into his own hands and offed the two of them with a couple shots to the head. Re-dead, just how I liked them. Just when we thought we were out of the woods, I heard the office windows shatter. As I was preparing to turn around, another goon crawled through the hole in my window. Apparently the poor thing had lost its legs in the endeavor, as it fell in and face-planted Gun laughed and aimed at the reaching ghoul’s head. I did the honors of pulling the trigger. \*click\* Gun was not the most reliable of friends, unfortunately. Had a bad track record of paying me back, too. The freak realized my weakness and decided to take advantage. With an unearthly scream, it pushed off its arms and at my no-no square. Luckily, Dasani didn’t much want me to be permanently sterilized, and with a drop of holy water the zombie burst into blue flames. I drop-kicked it into the office and dove out the broken window into the alley. Just my luck. An hour ago I couldn’t get a single customer for weeks, and now a horde of them had broken down my door. Of course, I had a contingency for this. I lit up a match and lit the fuse sticking out of a hole in the stone wall. I said one last goodbye to my old office, and started walking away. Then, my eyes widened. I slapped myself and Dasani and Gun groaned. I had forgotten my one true friend inside, mi compadre, my fedora. Steeling myself for action, I sprinted back into the building. The creepy freaks were everywhere, and more were pouring through every orifice in the stone they could find. I tackled the front line of them, got up, and socked a couple more that were getting too close. Dodging the biting mouths, I vaulted over my desk and heaved it into the mob of moldy flesh. I tore open my locker, and grabbed my trusty brown fedora from its hanger. Then, I climbed inside, and, well, held onto my hat. The zombies started piling up against the locker. The scratching and roaring kept getting louder and louder until there was a loud click from deep in the building. Then, in sharp contrast, a deafening explosion blasted me and my locker through the wall and incinerated the zombies. The locker smashed against the adjacent buildings wall and landed with a loud bang in the alley. I crawled out, my ears ringing, my face blackened, and my legs shaking. In front of me, my old building was burning. It was almost sad. I’ll sure miss the place. However, there’s not time for sentiment during the apocalypse. I gathered up my friends and set off toward Portland. Not for any particular reason other than it was closest, and I’d heard it was safer than here. As I walked down the road with the sun high in the sky above me, I reminisced about my old business. Now that it was burned to the ground, I guess I’d have to find a new one. I’d heard the butt-kicking profession was paying well these days. I could do with a business in butt-kicking. I smiled at Gun and Dasani and they grinned back at me. Business was going to be very, very good.