My name is Alayna. I was probably about 15 years old when this happened. My friends came to a sleepover, and we decided to relive our childhood and play a game of hide and seek. We had two seekers and we would leave clues for each other and the first to find the hider using those clues won. At first it was normal, we were having fun, all typical stuff. But then we started a new round, which became an odd turning point. We searched every nick and cranny, our friend nowhere to be found. We saw no clues either. Until we had almost given up. By the sink, we found a piece of paper smudged with blood saying, “check the place where you bathe and others die.” We thought that was extremely odd. We were already freaked out to not be able to find our friend anywhere in the dimly lit house at 3:00 a.m., and now we received a bloody clue that we were sure our friend didn’t write. Ignoring the second part, thinking maybe it was some cruel joke, we checked the bathtub, as the clue said “the place where you bathe.” We had already checked there, and we found nothing. But we went, and were horrified. We walked into the bathroom to find our friend’s lifeless body, blood-spattered and misshapen. On the wall, in blood, it said “and then there were two.” I then looked over at my other friend to see her face twisted and deformed, her eyes glowing a bright red as if she were looking straight through my eyes. Dispute her misshapen face, she created a twisted smile and cackled, and then in the most demonic voice possible said, “Alaaaynaaa.” It chilled me to my core. “Alaaaaynaaaaa. After her, you’re next.” After that, she, or it? Whatever, it made a huge cackling noise before smashing the mirror and stabbing a shard into her skull and then chest. She fell to the ground, her face still misshapen and her eyes still blood-red. I investigated the body of my other friend that we had discovered in the bathtub, only to see her eyes glowing red as well. By now it was about 3:30 in the morning, and I was standing in front of my best friends’ lifeless bodies. I then watched something arise. A shadow-like figure appeared above both of their bodies, their faces still misshapen and eyes still red. The red then stared dripping down their faces, bodies, and disintegrating on the floor. The bodies became covered in blood and raw bone began to show. I am petrified at this point. The spirit shadow-like things came rushing toward me and spattered blood all over me. In unison, and in the same demonic voice, they said, “No one left to protect you, huh? Now there’s just one more thing to ask you. Hider, or seeker? Either way, get more people to play with, or you die. Just like these two.” They gestured to the dead bodies on the floor. “So, Alayna... which is it? Remember, if you stop, you die.” The shadows then disintegrated into blood and, as my adrenaline kicked in, I ran out of the house as it started to fill up with blood, muscle, and bone. The shadows follow. I am stuck in this loop. If I stop, I die. Sometimes I think of suicide. But they would make sure that it was much more painful than I planned to make it. They had warned me of that many times. Now I just keep going around gathering new victims, working for these blood and bone spirits. Now, they are coming. I stopped playing. Goodbye, for now I will be possessed by the blood demons and commit involuntary suicide. Although death will not save me, as they will follow me to the underworld, at least I am free from the burdens I carry on earth. Goodbye, cruel planet. I have had enough.