He was gonna spend another night in his drunken state. He found more comfort in the bottle then in his memories. He stared down at his growing beer belly disgusted at himself for his bad habits but knowing he wasn’t to blame.He picked up the bottle of cheap whisky and took another big swig. He chased the swing of hard liquor down with a rip off the bowl. She got him it. Now , he was crying he was so mad. An he thought this stuff was supposed to calm him down.He turned off the TV so he could fully comprehend what he was seeing. A proposal picture. This fucking prick proposed to her. The description read “ Look forward to forever with the Love of my life” this was followed by and assortment of heart emojis (Something he had always admonished her for doing because he thought it was tacky) and a #Isaidyestbtw. He couldn’t believe it. He was red now. Partially out of anger and out of embarrassment.He was stuck in his shitty one bedroom and he was left to seve in his cocktail of drunken rage. He started off with a throwing of his phone at the wall. Then he punched the newly fixed wall. He slumped down more defeated then ever before. Then he heard it. A buzzing. He saw it land on his shoulder and crushed it. He heard the crunch but when he went to wipe it on his shirt he discovered that nothing was there to get off. Mark thought to himself about how he might have smoked something laced. Then he heard it again. The sound was getting louder and it was headed directly at his ear.before he could react it was digging deeper into his ear. He felt the flys little legs thrashing in his ear. He became frantic and started smashing his ear but it was no use. Then he felt it. A Gnawing pain deep inside his ear that wouldn’t stop. Oh god it was digging and biting deeper and deeper. He began digging with his index finger trying to get the monster dinning on his ear from the inside. It was no use. It was too deep in. He ran to the bathroom and got his tweezers every second wasted was just making his pain worst. He was shaking in pain so he made one of many bad choices to come and really shoved the tweezers into his ear causing a large amount of blood to shoot out. He had lost hearing in the ear for sure but he finally got the little shit. He felt it’s  last ditch efforts to escape the tweezers hold. He got it out and looked in the mirror. It wasn’t there. It disappeared again. He began  to breath deeper and harder as he felt lost senses fail him. As this unfolded he hear from a distance another buzzing sound coming. He covered his ears to protect them from intrusion. But as he turned to look at it ., it was too late. It flew and hit him in the eye. Then it began to do its gruesome work with its little legs and teeth.He felt the pain of it wiggling around and it sent shockwaves down his whole body. Like jumping into the Arctic buck naked. He didn’t know what to do. So he did the most logical thing and began to smack at his eye. When that failed he began to scratch at it. He clawed deep at his already ruined eye. He had closed them but the sensation of the insect digging into his eye wouldn’t subside. So he kept clawing and clawing. His flesh was caked under his finger tips and he felt the blood coming down his face. They were a mix of blood and tears coming from the already ruined eye. Mark had was now woozy but the fly had stoped and he thought for a second it might be dead. Then he felt it. Under his skin. It was under his fucking skin moving up to his forehead. He was close to fainting but he was kept awake by drugs still in his shocked his system along with the adrenaline that comes from roping your face off. It was on his forehead now and he could see it in the mirror. Without hesitation he smashed his head into the mirror sending shards of glass everywhere. His first thought was why , why would he thin that was a good idea. He could feel the stinging pain  of the glasses all over his face and in his only good eye. He was blinded now and using his hand to feel around only caused more pain as the floor was coated in glass. He was screaming. Really less of a scream and more of a whaling. He was in the fetal position on the ground covered in glass.his cry’s turned to sobs and eventually he passed out. When he woke up he saw the damage left over from the battle. He regretted his angel dust use now more then ever. He was gonna have to go over Mrs. Angie across the hall to ask her to call the ambulance for him. He didn’t know how anyone didn’t hear him from all the screaming. He went to go check his phone then remembered smashing it. He rested against the wall for a bit then got up to go check the time on the cable box. 3 PM. At least he wasn’t gonna be waking her up.