I can feel the soft ground underneath my back. I have a pounding headache and my clothes feel soaked and heavy. I open my eyes and can see it's dim but I see the sky. Something's off about it. It seems filled with stars, too many stars. Almost like a replica of the painting "A starry night" by Vincent Van Gogh. I sit up and grab my head tightly, kind of helps the pain. I look at my leg and can see I small gash. Though it's no longer bleeding, it continues to sting like nobody's business. I feel something on my hip and I see it's my Glock .45, I can remember being in the Marines, but where am I? Did I get separated from my squad? I have to figure it out pretty damn quickly because I can hear a commotion in the distance. It's definitely getting closer and fast. I look around and I'm surrounded by dense trees and foliage next to a dirt path leading on for an unknown distance in two directions. I get up on my feet and manage to wobble and shakily make my way into the shrubs and trees. I drop down on my knee and stay down. The source of the noise is now passing by. It sounds like heavy footsteps although heavier than normal. I can hear low growls and heavy inhales and exhales. What in the world could it be? I ask myself. I carefully peek up, just as the noise is passing and I can count 4 backs. But they seem armored and way taller than even myself and im 6'5. The heads on all the bodies appear to be horned and some spiked. I'm confused now but I can seem to remember another small part. We were fighting a seemingly small terrorist group and it quickly went out of proportion. The terrorist organization had managed to come into contact with certain entities, entities not of Earth. They were called The Exiled or something along those lines. So as I was saying, the terrorist group started getting out of hand and my team and I were instructed to go into the southern border of Syria and make quick work of the group. As we got to the compound though we realized we were way out of our leagues. They appeared to have different technology than us, more advanced and almost had a living appearance. There were rifles that seemed to have a heartbeat emanating from inside it. Another looked as if it had blood coursing through the many vein-like hoses connected to it. That's when we were discovered. My team of 8 people was quickly turned into 3. God, the way they screamed still burns in my head. The two remaining guys and myself managed to hide in an underground tunnel. This tunnel seemed to be empty and we followed it untill we were in a cavern. This cavern was filled with candles all at different stages of burning giving the cave an ominous glow. At the far end of it was what I could only describe as a mirror. But it had red bleeding eyes adorning the entire circumference. We saw bones littering the floor and even stuck in the ceiling. We were cut short of our awe when we heard that deep bloody growl. We all turned around to see a tall overly muscular creature that I can only describe as a demon because of its horns and ragged teeth. It carried with it a red axe with a large eyeball at the thick part of the blade. Without giving us a chance, it struck the ground with the axe and split it open with a crack of red blinding light. That's when it went dark and I guess that's how I ended up here. The sound is gone now so I take my gun out and check the magazine. There are thirteen rounds in it and I have two more clips in my vest pockets. I also have my knife in its holster and 2 mags for my assault rifle that I can't seem to find anywhere. Guess I dropped it in the cave and I only know one thing, besides the two moons up above me.. The sky seems different here.