My name is Jack, and I’m now 20. Me and my friends decided to go to a vintage Arcade place called Arnold’s 2 weeks ago. The mascot is some stupid little clown that looks like it was from a cartoon around the 1930s, and it always seemed to give me chills. Why I know so much, is because, well, I work there. I have for about a year now. Since the age of 19, I called this a “part-time job,”but now I’d call it my only. But after the moment we had there, I was so traumatized I quit my job. So, it was a Friday Night, 5:00 P.M, and I was working my night shift like my boss yelled at me, despite a half hour before my actual assigned shift. I sighed and listened, because I desperately needed a raise. All of a sudden, my friends Mike, Alice, and John all walked in, looking for me. As soon as we touched eyes, our faces beamed with joy, and we rejoiced, being way too long since we met. We all talked about how we weren’t having such good lives. Apparently, Mike was down in the dumps after he was literally dumped by his fiance, who he had a 8 months run with, Alice’s mom is in the hospital, and John is on the verge of being evicted from his low-life apartment. I thought  *“damn. Compared to them, I’m probably living in luxury.”* I told them I couldn’t talk for long, because my boss was coming, and they should play some of the games. I said “We have good stuff such as Pacman, Super Mario Bros, Guitar Heroes, you name it. And since you're all my friends, it’s free of charge.” They ran off with happiness. A kid, about, I don't know, 11 years old, came up and said in a forced-out, awkward kind of way “Yo, all your games are trash dude, got any cool games?” I sighed in embarrassment, and said “I don’t know if I can, not even the boss goes in there.” He then pulled out a 5 dollar bill and said, “this is yours if you let me in the back.” I actually listened, because he was offering money and plus, who cares, it was a little kid. I took him in the back, where to be honest I haven’t seen ever. It was extremely dirty there, and it was where they stored the suits for the mascots. After searching around, me and the kid found a very dusty and old arcade machine, and the title was severely scratched out, all I could make out was Edacra Live. It looked like anything else at the arcade. I noticed something stuck in the refund token area, saying TOUCH IF YOU DARE, in something that looked like blood. The kid was slightly shook, but he tried to look tough. I gave him a token, and he placed it in with a gulp. To my surprise, the game actually started to run. It looked like an indie platformer, similar to super mario bros. You get 5 lives, and you have to defeat some kind of a tyrant king, while his knights block your path, you being a prince. It was pretty straight forward. After about 10 minutes, the kid started groaning and said he was on his last life. The game started to glitch out, and the background blue sky turned into a crimson red. The kid tried again to finish the game, but lost again, being jousted by a knight. While the words game over came on the screen, the kid facepalmed and started to make a fit. But then I realised the game started to get a little corrupted. The world's game over started to cover the game, and the boy stood up like he was under mind control. He had an expression of fear on his face, and he started coughing up some kind of black liquid. My first instinct was to scream, then I tried to find a first aid kit for him, but then. I heard the most blood-curdling scream of all times. I grabbed an axe, and slowly advanced towards the scream. I took a glimpse of some freakishly tall and slender creature, its colour being the same as human flesh, and his face was Arnold’s, our mascot’s, but the jaw about to fall off and the eyes a blood red colour, crying the black liquid from earlier. I thought to myself *Ok, I’m either hallucinating or there really is some weird kind of creature in the store.* I had to take a second glance. Just to be sure. So I look back, and I see the creature again. This time, it’s blood red eyes staring in my soul. I immediately duck and say, “Welp. It’s time to get the crap out of here.” But then the compassionate part of my brain told me: *But what about my friends? They are going to die to a terrible beast!* I had to run over to the intercom, and sound the emergency alarm. But I had to confuse that creature. I remember that note that was in the machine. I took it out and noticed there was an unfolded side. I opened it up, and it showed a diagram showing text saying “This is the only strength of the creature” and showed a finger, a tongue, a nose, and an eye.” I was confused by it at first, but then deciphered it. All the symbols represented the 5 senses, and the last one was hearing. (finger is touch, Tongue is taste, Nose is smell, eye is sight.) I thought this wouldn't help me at all, but I thought of a plan immediately. I heard cries, so I had to do this immediately. I screamed as loudly as I could, distracting the creature to my location. I heard scurrying towards my direction, so I climbed up to a vent I saw and went inside. I crawled towards the intercom’s direction, and eventually fell in, but it was not a good landing. With a big thud, I alarmed myself to the creature. I looked through the security cameras, and watched as the creature leaped towards where I was,so I knew I only had seconds before I died. Just when I was about to speak on the intercom, the power went out. *Crap.* I had no thoughts or plans now, I just had to blindly walk out and kill the creature. I packed a flashlight and realized my great disadvantage. I had to do everything with great care so as not to make a noise. I tiptoed over to the eating area, and shuddered in horror as I saw blood splattered on the ground, and the head chef with a giant scratch down his torso.  I almost broke into tears while seeing Mike and Alice’s bodies decapitated and on the kitchen table, the other chefs were dead too, but looked like they were poisoned, black liquid all over their aprons, the source  being their mouths. Great. Another superhuman ability. I creeped over to the stage, where I saw the boy the creature affected. He looked like he was possessed, it was disgusting. His eyes were red and his mouth was filled with the black liquid. I should have kept my eyes peeled, because I stepped on someone’s glasses. I felt something liquid-like touch my leg, and an immense pain grew in my thigh. I became a man and toughened up, limping through the pain. I go to the kitchen, and I aim the flashlight over my wound, which looks like it dissolved through my uniform. My skin boiled and I squealed with pain, and that’s when I knew I had to stop this thing. I grabbed a phone I found so if I came out alive, I can take a photo of that thing and send it to the police so I don’t wound up in jail because of all the dead bodies around. I pulled out my axe, and I found the thing by throwing a plate against the stage, drawing attention to it. I swung my axe and ended up cutting the arm off, and hearing a shriek of pain, by the creature. Blood started to gush from the wound on my thigh, and I had to cringe through it. I had to get a headshot, like in all the first person shooters I’ve played, to get rid of that thing for good. So I grabbed a handful of knives from the kitchen and a hammer from the maintenance room. Again, I had a plan. I threw a plate near one of those scamming arcade games that makes you use real currency and I hid, waiting for the creature. The currency spewed out like a machine gun as the creature came, looking for me, and pelted the creature. It started shrieking as I saw it slowly die, it’s head exploding quite violently. I heard crying, from one of the storage closets, so I ran over and checked, and I saw good for nothing John. I tried to comfort him, as his crying turned into laughter and he said “You don’t know do you?” I ran back as John turned into the same creature from before. I couldn’t deal with that again, so I ran out of the place, crying, and took off in my car, watching as the creature waved at me in a creepy fashion. I immediately called the police, and as they inspected the area, they found nothing at all whatsoever. I told them to look again, and they did, but all they said was there was a new arcade machine. I asked what it was called, thinking it was constructed without knowing, and the cops said “Edacra Live. Should we place it out for you?” I screamed and told them to destroy it. On that day, a new boss was hired and new people were employees, but obviously not a lot of people decided to come as customers because of the incident. Everytime I go by the place, I still see the creature on the roof, waving to me, so I went to a doctor, took some pills, and now I don’t see it visually. BUt mentally I still do. And I also still have a question ingrained into my mind. What happened to John? Did he survive? Is he the creature? Does he follow the creature? I guess we will never find out. But all the medicine in the world can’t stop me from feeling breathing on my neck at night.