I’m just a regular white American living in the suburbs, but I’ve been having a huge identity crisis because I feel that I live with no culture. Recently I’ve begun to look at my life in a deeper sense; who am I, what am I, what do I represent, etc. As a white American, and other Americans alike, I know myself by my ethnicity. My family consists of mostly Scottish, Irish, and German immigrant backgrounds. Based on that, im clearly Caucasian. My problem lies within the fact that centuries after my ancestors immigrated to America, they eventually, and entirely assimilated to the American culture. But what is American culture? Is it our politics, our commodified food and clothing, nationality, freedom, beliefs, ideas, what is it?!?!? What I can make of American culture, is that it’s a standardization of hundreds, if not THOUSANDS of different cultures that have fused and merged into one pot hole. American culture is surely distinct to the world, but not to Individual peoples here in America. Well, at least not me, the average white American. What I desire is not to have a standardized culture but to experience individual, preserved cultures. I feel lost in my identity as being ethnically Scottish, Irish, and German. Because here, I am the same as any other white person even with a different ethnic background. We’re just white, just Caucasian. I feel as though I haven’t lived. I have never practiced cultural traits that are unique to my ethnic identity. I have no pride as a white American. I’ve seen the effects of immigrant children who tend to lose their parents culture, but never have I heard someone else with my concern of having no connection to culture. And while I will be pursuing efforts to touch base with the culture of my ethnicity, I am still lost. Nothing can change the fact that I am American. I can never fully regain contact with my roots. I can see why the white population of America, who has not recently immigrated, doesn’t have any appreciation for their ethnic culture. All I want is to connect with my background, to appreciate what my ancestors did, to truly feel proud about myself. Is this just me? I’ve cried over this. I don’t know how to show the extent of my distress other than I want to throw away everything and go to the country of where my ancestors lived. I never understood why countries like Yugoslavia had gone through WAR just to keep their individual nationality. I get it now, because I’ve lost my culture. Is this a problem among anyone else? What are some ways to fix this? Is acculturation the answer, or are we doomed to live in a standardized culture with no unique traits?