 I am a 22-year-old girl in India who is very confused. The past couple weeks I've been attacked for my views by someone who has said questionable things. I spent the first 12-14 years of my life in the United States the other 8-10 years in India. I have a decent understanding of the political climate in India and the States. My friend who has never left India has certain opinions about American politics when I disagreed with some of the things she said, she accused me of being a Rapist and Racist Sympathiser. A couple of weeks ago my friend and I were talking about politics it was a civil conversation. I expressed my concern about how the media lies to us and how we are being manipulated. My friend went on about how Trump was a loser and I didn't disagree or agree with her because it was an opinion. I do support capitalism ( I know it's a not a perfect system and needs regulations), I believe that everyone deserves healthcare but I also think that the option of private insurance should exist, I am against discrimination and I could go on. When my friend asked me who I supported I told her that I admired Andrew Yang. My friend supported Bernie Sanders. Even tho I didn't agree with her I understood why she supported him. Today my friend asked me if I supported Trump which was weird because I never said "I support Trump". I may share similar views with someone who is fiscally conservative and I might agree with one or two things that the GOP supports like a free market but I've always been an advocate for the woman's right to choose and fair wages but that does not mean I support Trump. She uses fabricated information to support her agenda and when I disagree with her she says "How could you support trump he's a rapist and he's racist". I never said that I supported him. When I show her screenshots of previous conversations she makes an excuse. I have friends who are from different backgrounds and have different opinions, we all get along. She is the only person I know who uses her depression as an excuse for stupidity and I used to let it slide because I felt sorry for her and no one deserves to be in pain but her making me look like a bad person for disagreeing is not okay. I do ask her for her inputs on things but I never told her that her opinions and beliefs were wrong. She doesn't even believe half the crap that comes out of her mouth. She cries about women's rights and she made fun of an acid burn victim's appearance, She cries about how rich people are the worst but then berates homeless people and is rude to people in the service industry, She cries about people being racist when she has made racist comments her self. She uses her social media accounts to make her self look like a good person when she's as bad as an openly racist and sexist person.