It was 2 guys i met at work who were both about 10 years older then me. I was still kinda new to my sexual experiences so i was definitely nervous about this. Right when we get back to his house the first guy pretty much rips my clothes off and throws me on the bed. He turns me around and grabs my arms spits on my pussy and just thrusts in me. Ive never had that happen so definitely caught me off gaurd. So hes fucking me while the 2nd guy is just standing there naked and all i hear is "let me get some" he lets go of me which i have to put my hands out to catch myself. Thats when the 2nd guy hops on me and fucks me prone bone style holding my head down and just thrusting so hard it made me cum like crazy. Hes slapping my ass and pulling my hair and then that's when the 2nd guys comes in front and puts his cock in my mouth. He pulls it out and starts slapping me with it. They flip me over where half my body is over the bed. One guy is fucking me on the bed while the other is thrusting inside my throat. Thats what freaked me out because i started to gag i couldn't breathe . The guy on top was slapping my breats and pinching my nipples while he was fucking me. He lays down on his back and he tells me to sit on him and starts thrusting. That's when the second guy comes around and I start to get nervous because ive never done anal before. I reach around to stop him and he says he has lube. I said yes and so he starts to slowly push his cock in me and i can feel my asshole streaching. He's finally all the way in and starts to thrust slow it hurts a little but then he started to go faster and I started to feel myself get so wet. Im starting to get really into it and thats when the guy fucking me in my ass grabs my arms and pins them on my back while he just going super hard and fast. I was cumming so much I couldn't believe I was so turned on. I felt my whole body starting to shake. Thats when the guys switch and now im nervous because the guy in my pussy was super thick. He gets behind me and the second he goes in my ass i automatically start cumming, one of the best orgasms ive ever had. He has me scoot down so now im no longer sitting on his cock and has me start sucking his cock. The 2nd guy goes from my ass to my pussy and starts fucking me. I can feel the guy fucking me getting super hard which is telling me hes about to cum. I was on the pill at the time but it still made me nervous. I hear him say hes about to cum which i thought he was going to cum on me but he grabs my hips and just does one big thrust and i feel his cock pulsating in my pussy. His cum was feeling me up and he slowly pulls out and i can feel his cum drip out. Thats when the 2nd guy gets up tells me to lay on my back. He grabs my throat and starts to thrust into me and I start having huge orgasms from being choked. He starting to get super hard so now im getting ready for him to cum and thats when he just explodes in me and i feel my pussy being overflowing with his cum he pulls out and feel it coming out of me. I was laying on the bed sweating and just exhausted. I was so scared in the beginning but i couldnt get enough of it at the end. Thats when i knew i loved having rough sex. My pussy was so swollen and red lol it felt amazing though. They took pics of my pussy so its probably out on the net somewhere lol