Hi! I work in a 14 bed CVICU at a private hospital. I love my co-workers but alot is changing and I feel that I am unable to take adequate breaks.. especially on the days I need it most. I am going to keep this as short & sweet as possible. Theres a few reasons that contribute to me feeling stressed: new responsibilities, my co-workers that are off the unit, and losing access to drawing from an A-line but still expected to get blood sugars on pts.  My responsibilities have increased since our unit made us start charting. I dont know if it has just been needier patients or what but I don’t get to sit down. I spend all morning getting ACHS, FSBS, passing trays, putting pts on the BSC, collecting trays, passing out waters, pulling equipment for the heart room, more BSC, charting, packing pts up, FSBS, transporting them upstairs, prepping heart room, setting new heart up to monitors/EKG/UOP/FSBS, BSC again..Those busy days are even harder since I feel like I’m alone. Some nurses are taking turns pumping while others are on their third smoke break by noon. I feel bad bothering the nurses that are busy with an extremely sick pt to help me move a 2 assist to the BSC because _____ is off the unit again. Ive worked here for almost 3 years and I have not felt this worn out and exhausted until these past three weeks.  Our unit has let techs pull from A-lines since I started. Well we were the only ones in the whole state allowing techs to do that and our new director ended it. Its helped free up some of my time because now only nurses can pull from the A-Lines and I am not stuck getting four different Q1 blood sugars. But my problem is.. in the past if my pt had an A-line and I stuck his finger I would be asked why I didn't use the A-line. I think some of my nurses don't want to do the BG and expect me to poke the pts.. If they have an A-line I dont think they should have their finger stuck. The more helpful nurses usually stay with the fresh hearts and get their own Q1 sugars since I cant anymore. I still go in and ask if they want help or need a turn or anything.. Other nurses want to split the sugars and have me get them every other hour. My idea is to ask my director if they nurses could draw up the blood and set it aside for me so I could still check the Q1s.  Lastly, I graduate from nursing school in December. Ive worked here forever and have great relationships with my co-workers but I feel that some expect so much since they know I graduate soon. I have also felt that some of the older nurses going through grad school or who are back after having their kids have kinda...gotten..a littttttle bit lazier and give off the vibe that they really dont want to be there... or the ones that feel like they cant don anything without a tech.  I try to be a good tech but sometimes I feel that they use me for trivial things and then run off the unit. How do I politely decline things when I am too busy playing musical chairs with the bed side commode? Idk maybe this is just me letting out one big rant but I just feel like/want more help.. maybe even more set boundaries or rules. Please send FRIENDLY advice :) and don’t take this the wrong way my tone always comes off bitchy through text.. I’m ADHD af and just left one of my exams so I know this stuff probably sounds blunt and extremely chaotic but that’s my post exam brain.