I work as a CNA in a small CCU. I’m 18 and I’ve only been at this job for about 6 mo (I just graduated high school spring 2k19) I still have a lot to learn but I’ve been doing really well so far, and most of my coworkers don’t guess I’m new, that I’m young, etc. there is one nurse, let’s call her Emily, who has worked in this particular unit/hospital for like 20 years. She’s also a fisherwoman, so as you can imagine, she can be rather abrasive. Emily and I have gotten along pretty well, always helps if I’m confused but often does do it in a way where it feels like she’s talking down to me. I usually brush it off because outside of work I do take things personally sometimes and I try not to let things like that effect me personally. If you think I’m dumb, you can think that. I will learn from nurses who remember what it’s like to be new. Anyway, on night shift a few nights ago, I was working w Emily and another nurse on the unit. We had an OD/SI who required a 1:1 and was refusing care and becoming rather aggressive. Emily was her primary and at the beginning of the shift I could tell she wasn’t feeling well. Emily is usually a lot of fun and she jokes a lot, she sings, and she has fun with her job. Emily that night was very short and very rushed. Things were going okay until we got another admit, CHF who wasn’t doing so hot who wasn’t doing so hot. Pressures were soft, heart rate high and the cardiac monitor was literally going off every 10 seconds. Emily unfortunately was the admitting nurse for this patient but we spread too thin between the two. So she had to pass off the OD to another nurse who had come in. Towards the end of the night, Emily’s patient is starting to look worse and we’re thinking we might have to send Them out (we live in a secluded area). At this point Emily is overwhelming herself and is barking orders at the other nurses, at me, and even our house super. While yes, this patient wasn’t looking so great the doc confirmed the patient wouldn’t be flying out as after some medications he was stabilizing. Emily is still freaking out. The doc called and asked me to give her this message “confirmed w another doc, they would be following this same procedure, so we will continue this and if it doesn’t work they’ll fly but I don’t think it will be necessary” essentially, but ofc it was a little more professionally worded. I’m still new, so I didn’t understand all of his terminology or the medication name, but I relayed his message word for word to Emily. She shouted “so what does that mean” in my face. I repeated and she understood the second time and gave me a hug and apologized. “I’m not trying to be a bitch I’m just not having a good night etc” I didn’t mind, I felt bad for her. But over the night my coworkers all looked a little shocked at her behavior as she’s a very experienced RN and it was unusual for her to act this way especially with only one patient for the rest of the night. Tonight, our pharmacist who was on the unit for much of the night told me that he noticed her behavior towards me and that it didn’t seem very respectful. He thought I should just let my manager know what happened that shift because it was unacceptable behavior and very disrespectful towards the CNA. I hadn’t thought it was so bad before, but now that I’ve looked at several outsiders standpoints and really thought about it myself, her behavior really upsets me. She did apologize for shouting at me, so at this point I’m not sure if saying something would be of any use. I’m supposed to be having my probationary period performance meeting soon as well, and I don’t know how rocking the boat when it comes to a well liked and respected RN would go with my manager. I’m at a loss of what to do. Does anyone have any advice?