A couple years ago I tried to astral project and lucid dream a few times. Back then the closest I got was leaving my body but everything was pitch black and I kept tumbling straight up. I was mostly unsuccessful lucid dreaming as well and would get too excited during the buzzing part. I took up meditation a month ago, I'm on stage 4 of the mind illuminated, so I do think that may have contributed to the experiences occurring last night. So last night I was having trouble falling asleep because I was being paranoid about noises and shit in my room and stayed up hours longer than I had wanted.  I decided that I would use my paranoia and fear as an opportunity to understand my unconscious mind so every time something moved and I felt fear I objectively meditated on it by just noticing the emotion and accepting it, the paranoia quickly went away. So now i'm just lying down with my attention on my breath and eventually I'm assuming I entered some sort of state and some kind of energy starts tumbling across my body. Everything in my perception looked like I was in that motion. The energy was moving up and down your body, distorting my perception, and giving me a massage-like sensation every time it tumbled on me. My only thought was i'm tripping balls right now, but I was enjoying myself nonetheless. The sensation this energy gave me felt kinda like a massage so I decided to move it onto my pelvic area and almost immediately I ejaculated and it stopped. A little while after I felt my arm leaving my body kind of like an astral projection. I used my awareness to take note of all the sensations that had happened when this occurred, then I brought my arm back to my body and did it again. I think I tried to do it a third time when all of a sudden a churning energy appeared in my body, I moved it to my heart and I felt it grew stronger, I wasn't sure how this might affect me so i moved it to to my neck and the same thing happened. I decided to get rid of this sensation because I was afraid I wasn't ready to deal with potential repercussions so I moved it to my face and it sort of went away from their. A while later I felt those feelings you get right before you astral project. I went out of my body and as I was floating up horizontal to my body everything in my surroundings was a turquoise color and I could see my astral projection. The projection was almost robotic like their were circuits and silver metal covering a human body. I purposefully let mysef get excited instead of letting go of the emotion in order to leave the projection. I decided I didn't want to mess around with these states until I reached awakening through meditation. I heard that if you show fear in an astral projection shit will attack you so that went into my rationale that your mental state matters when having out of body experiences. So, what do you think about these experiences? What do you think of my decision to pull back during these experiences?