Hello I had a CPSE meeting this morning for a child that I have been seeing for a year now to discuss services for kindergarten next year. As usual I was asked for my input on how the child was doing and if I recommended continues OT services. Over the past few months this child has mastered all but one goal revolving around independently using a tripod grasp on a pencil and stabilizing forearm and wrist although he will when prompted. For his age being 5 though he is able to form all of his letters with 70-80% accuracy as well as numbers, and shapes and does very well with writing( way better then majority of kids even those who do no receive OT at his age. He is great with cutting skills now as well as can use both hands to turn the paper and stay on the line when cutting 90% of the time with simple shapes.  So I discussed this with his parents who also do consistent carryover constantly with him at home and they decided they did not want summer or fall services which I agreed that as long as they continued with carryover I did not think he necessarily needed it either. Fast forward to now all of this was said at the meeting today but instead of taking anything I had to say into consideration another OT who works as a school therapist for kindergarden and up chimed in and said based on an evaluation on fine motor skills that this child had over a year and a half ago they wanted to continue OT services. I was appalled that basically everything I said was just disregarded and that they were basing continued services on an eval that was done a long time and now how the child is currently doing and the progress that was made. Is this normal and am I out of place in being somewhat upset for being disregarded as such? I have only been out working for three years and most of my kids I do go on to continue recommending services if they need it but I feel that this child did not and also based on the families wishes at the time. Is there anyone I should speak to about this or should I just accept that I am out of place and the school therapist takes precedence even though they specifically have never worked with this child? I should also note that I am a contract therapist for a children’s company that works with 0-5 year olds. This experience has turned me off from wanting to attend future meetings with these people though as if my opinion is not valued why even bother having me come?