Hi guys, I am writing because I want to see if you all have any advice or feel the same way. I have OCD, but not necessarily with cleaning, I obsess in my mind about the life I want to live and that includes the home, location, decor, and cleanliness. I am living with an obsession that I cannot fulfill and it makes me depressed and sad. I don't want lavish things at all, quite the opposite. I want a humble little house where I grew up in the country. I want a cozy cottage with Edwardian charm and these homes are not expensive but they are in a different state, I would have to move. I want to decorate a certain way. I don't want to work but in the sense of the grind. I am now settling to not even compromise but just live a different life for love. I love my boyfriend and I know that a home wouldn't be home without him. That is why I don't act on my obsession. But, I still have this obsessive urge to get those things I want. I know and asked my boyfriend if he would like to move and live this life I would want but he is not willing because he is near his family now and is in the place he wants to be. I get it and I don't want him to feel the way I feel in a different place. I did look into having a summer place but financially it would take some time. But for now I am living with this obsessive thought that I cannot shake of having the right house and ascetic to live a quite life but I do not have any of these things I am aspiring to. I have tried to implement in my own life and house and try to see things different but I dwell on the ascetic and climate and situation in which I cannot cope with my obsession. I like things a certain way and if you knew me you wouldn't even know it. I keep this obsession in and I don't let others see how stressed I am about these things because I know they truly don't really matter. But of course we all live with something that bothers us. I truly don't feel I am able to relax because of it and it is making me very anxious. I don't know if or when I will explode about it but it will happen I am sure. I want to be positive but the dwelling is too much and then to top it all off.... my boyfriend's friend is not moving in with us. I am not looking forward to that and I know it will make my obsession worse. I am taking all measures to try to relax with working out, dieting right, cleaning schedule, all the right things but I still have this ball sitting in my core of unease and I feel that when his friend moves in I will just end up cleaning all the time, depressed, anxious,  and overwhelmed with my own problems. I have been upfront about everything to my boyfriend but his friend is in a bad spot and I feel about that so he is still coming to live with us. I just know what kind of copping method to use when not being able to fulfill my OCD.