Ever since I was a kid I've always been a hypochondriac and have health anxiety fears. Google of course would make the fear much worse. I also used to do some very minor things like avoid wearing any clothing at night that could spell death or something like that. Eventually I got over a lot of those things, but after a very bad trip on weed my mental health took a dark turn, and I became fearful of sleeping and not being able to sleep, and had constant racing heart day and night. For months on end I was getting only a few hours of sleep a night and the thought of bed made me feel dread. I got scared of having sfi, and on top of the sleep fears, I started getting very bad heart health anxiety. It was getting to a point where I had to feel my pulse so much that I started getting a bruise on my neck. Eventually as the sleep got better and anxiety, my fixation was on my heart and 10-50 times a day would take my pulse and measure my HR. It's like a certain thought will get in my head and then it's hard for me to get rid of it, and after the weed thing I became more susceptible to these thoughts. Any story about death or people dying for no reason would send me into a panic and then my sleep was shot again. Now I'm doing a lot better, still bite my nails like crazy, skin and nail and sometimes till they bleed and fidget excessively. A couple weeks ago one lousy night of sleep sent me into total fear like I had in the past and convincing myself this thought was crazy wasn't working so well, and too about 5 days to finally control the thought. I keep getting thoughts about family members dying or loved ones and sometimes it makes me cry, other times I get a very weird paranoid thought like the thought will become real if I let it or if I think about it too hard and this causes my body to tense up and I immediately go to feel my pulse. Why are these thoughts so hard to control, and sometimes they fill me with such dread and in the past would send me into an anxiety attack. Anyway, thanks for reading this if you did, sorry it's long, just tired of these weird thoughts that seem to take control sometimes, also writing this is tensing me out.