So I should start by saying I am a 22 year old male. I suffer from OCD, and part of my OCD made me basically shut down all sexual thoughts and expressions from the time I was about 16 until now. It is only recently that I have begun to start looking into dating. I am doin way better with my OCD, but I problem came up and it’s really embarrassing but I need to talk about it. When I was young, when I still had sexual thoughts and fantasies, I always had a strange fetish for gross smells, particularly feces. I would have fantasies that I would have to smell gross farts and poop and stuff, and for some reason this would arouse me. I also had other normal fantasies about women that you would expect, but these happened too. One particularly involved smelling a baby’s diaper. It’s really embarrassing but for some reason I did it. I want to make it clear, I am not sexually attracted to children. The worst part of my OCD struggle was thinking I was a pedophile. I have come a long way in that and I know that I am not. I know that I am straight now. But that was an awful struggle for years for me. But just recently I saw a video on social media that was shared because of its grossness. It was a baby having really bad diarrhea in its diaper and you could see it out of the top of the diaper. I happened to come across it, and it aroused me, and I feel awful. It feels disgusting that I’m aroused by it, and it is bringing back the pain I felt from the OCD of thinking I was a pedophile. I want to make it clear that I have no desire to have any sexual interaction with a child. But why does this particular thing with babies have this affect on me? I have had other fantasies in the past around smelling feces and stuff with non children, but this one was the most common. I feel like maybe because it was something that aroused me as a child, the memory of it is stuck in me and that’s why I have this reaction now. Is this really weird? Should I be concerned? When I see something gross in a public toilet I don’t feel any sort of arousal, I’m disgusted. Someone help me out, I don’t want the ocd thoughts that bothered me for so long to come back