I suffer from mutiple forms of OCD, but the one that causes me the most shame is POCD. Anyway, to try to relieve my stress from OCD (and in a continuing effort to try to prove to myself that I am a straight person attracted to girls at or above age) I decided to try to look at some (obviously legal) pornography. Since I am a teenager under 18, I have always the word 'teen' to look up porn, my naivety meaning that I assumed that all search results would be of people who are of legal age (18 and 19). However, last night I clicked on a pornographic website, and looking at the photos, I got scared that the people depicted might be underage. I immediately clicked off the website out of shame and fear, and got scared that the cops will somehow track me down and I will be arrested, even though I know I did nothing wrong because I had absolutely no intention of accessing underage pornography. Or should I say that I was more scared that I won't be able to enjoy life or continue  living normally because there would always be a voice in the back of my mind saying that the police will find me, and it might be years before I get fully confident that they won't. As such, I decided to the website to the police anonymously -just in case it was actual underage pornography- and while I am now nearly 100% sure that the police won't track me down for accessing this website, there is still a voice in the back of my mind doubting myself. My fear has now shifted to worry if even though there is no way the police will ever find out I accessed this website, hypothetically speaking, if they did find out, would they arrest me? I'm now just constantly analysing all the actions that I did in the lead-up to accessing this website to see if I did do something wrong, my OCD making me fearful that being too negligent and naive might be a criminal and moral offence when it comes to these matters. And obviously, I feel dirty that I might have seen something immoral, even though my constant intrusive thought about such subject matter has numbed the shame a little bit (not something to be proud about but it just is the way it is). All this has made me scared that I have finally forfeited my right to be a free member of society as I might have actually seen something illegal/immoral, and I feel like I should contact the police and make sure that I have not committed a crime so that I don't have any guilt hanging over me. If I'm being honest, my anxiety is more linked to the fear that I won't be able to enjoy myself ever again because there will always be a voice in the back of my mind saying that, 'you should be in prison'. I know that I did nothing wrong since I had ABSOLUTELY no intention of looking at illegal pornography, but my OCD has taken my mind to some weird and quite frankly, illogical places. I'm certainly not looking at pornography again for a while.....