I have a family history of OCD and severe anxiety, I didn’t know that I have OCD until 6 years of going to different physiatrists. When I was 15 I read about schizophrenia and was so obsessed about it and thought that I had it and was making things out to get a diagnosis of schizophrenia. For few years I was on the wrong medication and it never worked. I didn’t realize that what I was doing was wrong, I was only 15. I usually just think about myself having illnesses that I don’t have, few months ago I was obsessed about having a heart illness and was taken to multiple hospitals and nothing was found. I wash my hands a lot after and before doing something, it gets to the point where I just touch my hair and go wash my hands several times. I have a crush on the #5, I go by 5s when I do something or arrange something, the color that I’m usually interested in is black as everything that I own or buy is black. I have a really bad time concentrating on something because I’m usually daydreaming or worried about something that’s going to happen. I’m usually very careful when I go into public because my mind thinks that I will do something bad to people and avoid touching or communicating with them, and I have random images that appear in my head about death or just inappropriate things, when I talk to anybody my mind just shows me images of sex or something inappropriate about that person. I checkthings multiple times to be safe, I mostly check the house lock 3 times to make sure they’re ok and nothing is wrong. I get bad panic attack to the point where I’m thinking that I’m having a heart attack. I go over my thoughts so many times that I waste my day just thinking and living in my mind. I can’t pay attention to anything I do every day, I have problems with studying. And I do severe things to prevent some of my thoughts, most of times I’m just really confused and lost during the day, I can’t snap back to reality because I’m just living in my mind and thinking about something bad or something that will happen to me if I don’t take action. I have a very bad time trusting people because of my thoughts. I repeat words and phrases and hand movements for no reason and have disorganized thoughts and speech. I’m waiting on a new appointment for a new physiatrist and don’t know where to start because the schizophrenia thing is on medical file, I don’t know how tell the full story to the physiatrist, my therapist doesn’t know about my current condition because she’s treating me for psychosis and not OCD and to be honest I don’t think she’ll take me seriously when I tell her about my OCD.