Not sure why I'm posting this on the internet but I guess the whole anonymity helps. I'm a 26 year old male who's officially been diagnosed with OCD/anxiety/depression since high school. I'm currently taking 200mg of zoloft daily and 25mg of hydroxyzine when needed. I'm honestly starting to wonder if there's something else wrong with me however. The past couple of years or so I've been experiencing insane mood shifts. They'll sometimes be spontaneous and last for weeks or other times just a couple of days. During these changes I'll feel extremely manic, overly excited, and impulsive (buying shit I don't need or can afford). Other times I'll be absolutely empty and feel like there's absolutely no point to anything and I just want to die. I'll occasionally feel these uncontrollable feelings of rage where I'm just agitated by any little sound, or sight. These fits of rage aren't violent and I haven't harmed anyone, anything or what not but they're uncomfortable because I know they're wrong. During these times I'll just clean excessively even though my apartment is nearly spotless and or I'll exercise excessively until my body aches. My relationships with friends, coworkers and family definitely suffer during these times. I'll either completely ignore certain people for months on in, or bug other people to the point of annoyance. These past two months or so have been worse to say the least. I'm still lucky to be working, but my job is offering unlimited time off during this health crisis and I've shamefully missed a lot of work because I just couldn't keep my emotions in check. I'm starting to question however if my feelings of anxiety, my constant obsessions and the compulsions are actually real or if they're just in my head. I'm wondering if I'm actually a psychopath or sociopath and I've simply tricked myself into thinking I have OCD/anxiety/depression to make myself feel less guilty for the way I behave. I understand human emotions but I shamefully have a hard time feeling REAL empathy. If someone is crying and or upset, I'll say the usual things: "I'm sorry" or "I know how you feel" but I don't actually know how they feel or I simply don't care. That kast part truly scares me. I can feel these emotions (at least I think I do?) myself. I feel sad, tired, angry, anxious, etc... but I have a hard time understanding other people's emotions. I don't know if anyone will see or read this but I just needed to vent without bothering anyone.