Hey everybody, just looking to see if I can get some insight on a recent situation I’ve been dealing with. Basically, I’ve been dealing with POCD themes off and on for the past few weeks. I was doing well with coping and dealing with them, but decided I should try something new. I had heard about NAC supplements and how they have helped people in the OCD community, and I decided I should give them a try. I work with children, so obviously these intrusive thoughts are hellish when I’m there. I decided to take one of the supplements before going into work, and I could feel an intense calming go over my mind. It felt like nothing bothered me and that nothing mattered. I loved the feeling of this at first, but the false feelings of attraction and liking the thoughts were still there. I didn’t react with anxiety though, it just didn’t bother me. So naturally I did compulsions without thinking about it and imagined myself like kissing one of the children to try and feel that anxiety, but it wouldn’t happen. I didn’t realize what was happening and just kept doing compulsions to try and figure it out. At one point I just accepted that the thoughts weren’t bothering me, and I kind of just allowed my mind to do whatever it wanted. The intrusive feeling of liking the children was still there, it just didn’t matter to me. I just felt numb. At one point I remember thinking: I could kiss this child and I wouldn’t care. I don’t know if I just enjoyed not feeling like shit because of thoughts or what, but I remember thinking is this how normal people feel? Obviously, when the supplement or whatever wore off I felt normal again and the anxiety caused by the thoughts and feelings were there again. But now I can’t stop ruminating over what had happened that day, and my mind keeps freaking out and saying I actually liked the thoughts at that moment or wondering if I was indulging in them because I didn’t feel any guilt or anxiety in thinking about them at that time. If anybody has anything to help me deal with this I would appreciate it. I know I’m not attracted to children, that’s not the concern. It’s just I feel guilt over the whole situation and idk if me ruminating has changed how it actually happened or the intent or feeling during it I don’t know.