I've been together with my girlfriend a year tomorrow. It is known that she has anxiety issues from the start of the relationship. But recently about a month back I kinda realised that it's OCD + anxiety. At the start of the relationship she will always be insecure over my ex and I thought that it is just normal for someone to be insecure over exes. We will always fight over it and what not. But the longer into the relationship more insecurities comes up. And most of the insecurities comes from the past when we were just friends. Things like why did I say that this girl is good looking that girl is good looking. And the constant questions reassurance I get from her is getting from bad to worse. I've got cara delevigne as my wallpaper and she would question that too. She would even create thoughts in her head what if I see this particular person and what if I think she is good looking or not then she starts showing me pictures of this particular person and starts questioning me. The latest issue I had is she went through my phone without my knowledge and went through my YouTube history to see what I've been watching. She Found something about 6-7months back that I searched a particular female celebrity and watched the video and she couldn't handle it and started questioning a whole lot. And these are just the many few examples what I'm dealing with. I really do love her and I can't see myself without her. But we've been fighting a whole lot and everytime it happens she will just want to give up with life and not wanting to live anymore because the thoughts are killing her. We were about to break off a few times. She is about to see a therapist soon but from now till then what is there I can do? I've watched and looked up alot on OCD, the only way is not to reassure her not answering her questions but I can't do that because she goes hysterical if I don't answer her question if I don't reassure her. but by answering her I'm just making it more difficult for her the thoughts will get worse and it's more harmful for her. What is the best possible way to handle the situation? I'm just lost and can't seem to help her and it's destroying us our relationship. I'm very happy with her when she is calm but when the attacks kick in i try my very best to be patient sometimes I can be sometimes I just lose it as the questions keeps on coming and it doesn't make sense. I just don't want to lose her she means a whole lot to me and multiple times she says she wants to break off because she doesn't want to torture me anymore. But we both know that we are in love with each other. Please help!