I don't know if this is gonna be a long post or not but I'm fucking pissed at how much this is limiting me I honestly hate this. It started I don't know when but I'm guessing when i was like 11. I'm 14 right now. I remember the first one and how frustrating it was. I was at someplace I forgot what it was and I had my little cousin there. I was trying to entertain him so I made weird noises with my mouth and then I got an intrusive thought. What if I could only speak like this and couldn't speak English? that day I started to believe I couldn't speak English even though my English was perfect. The part where I don't know if this was OCD is because OCD is about rituals. I had no ritual. I literally believed I couldn't speak even though I could no matter how properly I spoke. eventually, I asked my mom if could speak English and she said I could and was very weirded out, I the believed it. fast forward no and its out of control. every time I see something I don't like I can't stop picturing the imager in my head and because I cant not think about it I have some sort of weird idea that it's attacking me and its those things fault. now because I'm always picturing it I have to breathe right? well, now I can't breathe without the idea of it being breathed in. What happens when it gets taken in? well it gets smoked like a cigarette and the effects it becomes something and it is whatever I mumble to myself. I usually mumble the word enemy and that works. but I can't keep doing it every day but I cant not think of the image and it's annoying as fuck. some of my twisted mind's favorite things to threaten with OCD is my vital organs and other things there important. and  I literally don't have natural breathing patterns and I don't even know if enough oxygen is going int my brain as I have become good at holding my breath. and it just won't go away. l remember at one point I had to fight to not believer was someone else and just writing this is bringing back the intrusive thoughts. my day literally consists of me subconsciously picturing things I don't like and mumbling  "My \_\_\_\_\_ 's enemy. I've tried so hard to fight it but because it started while my brain was starting to have actual thoughts its apart of my system. like someone who starts smoking really young the need for a cigarette is always there's its literally part of there personality. it's like that. I hate it. I can't do normal things like getting out of my seat without having to subconsciously imagine things I don't like coming out of me and things that I need to come inside my body. this sucks. I just need to vent. Also, I forgot to add before I said I wasn't sure whether this was OCD or not was because there was no ritual but now there are rituals and its that breathing thing. Just writing this brought backed memories of this first few attacks and honestly, this might've been a mistake because starting to remember old intrusive thoughts I've had. I've never told anyone this. ever.