So this is going to be a long one. I don’t know if I’m posting this in the right place or not. I am really sorry if I’m not. So, for some background information I started therapy in middle school and I’m now a senior in high school. I’ve been in therapy for anxiety and depression. I’ve had these, intrusive thoughts a lot of my life. Including when I was younger. A lot of them about harming others. They’re always worse when I’m more stressed, and always freak me the hell out. I don’t want to hurt people and often times it brings me to tears. Freshman year I had my home situation change and I began having thoughts that I was being watched or that I was going to be killed. The only way I could get them to stop was by doing doing certain things. Turning the lights on and off several times, checking under the bed multiple times in a row, and others. It took over my life. I couldn’t even have one good day. This was during a lapse in therapy as well. The year ended and my home situation became better. I got back into therapy. These thoughts very slowly started to decrease and I barely spoke to my therapist about this year because I felt delusional and embarrassed. Due to obvious recent events I’m at home all the time again. The intrusive thoughts have gotten worse. They’ve always stuck around but they’re few and far in between. It’s about harming people and just vile things. I’m scared of myself to the point where sometimes I feel like I have to end it all. I’ve been trying to google about how to stop these thoughts and I stumbled across an article on OCD. I’ve read quite a few and it sounds similar to what I have. I don’t know if I have it, I could just have tendencies or maybe something similar? I don’t have to do anything anymore like with the light switches or anything. But I’ve come to the conclusion that I should finally tell a therapist. I’m so ashamed of these thoughts and I feel like a monster. I’ve felt like I could never admit them to anyone. But I need help. I can’t really live like this. They never stop. I’m so scared to tell someone. I have a phone appointment tomorrow. How can I admit to having these awful thoughts without it being highly unpleasant? Should I just come right out and say it? Any advice on how to admit something like this to someone would be welcome. I’m sorry if this is the wrong place to ask.