Hey there guys and girls. I am not sure where my OCD falls in with this community, but I have a severe counting problem. I count basically everything I do (yes everything) and must get it to numbers that satisfy me out of fear someone I love will die or get a terrible disease. I have gotten better at telling myself these are just numbers, but that does not stop the persistent counting. Ive never posted on here before but since therapy offices our closed I figured I would not be able to get prescribed any medication for this and just wanted to see if this helps. My problem I am facing does actually not have to do with counting, but perhaps more a anxiety problem influenced by OCD. Basically, I have not been smoking pot since about Quarantine started. I used to smoke just about everyday, but figured quarantine would be a good time to stop with the daily use. Since I was not prescribed anything, I found the marijuana gave me temporary relief and let me see my problems caused by OCD in a different perspective that was not so serious. Anyway, about two weeks ago one of my friends asked me if I was still not smoking and if I was going to smoke on 4/20. I said no and he called me weird since I have smoked on every 4/20 since sophomore year of high school. This friend's father has actually passed away, and I get anxiety about lying and not answering him because I believe something will happen to my father if I do anything bad to him. So yesterday, I thought that I do want to smoke on 4/20, to reward myself for not smoking. However, I had another one of my OCD triggers come into play. While watching Family Guy, I heard a joke about the guy who created the Lutheran religion and thought about a different friend who's father passed away. This is because in my freshman year of high school, I had history class with him. At the time of his father passing away, we were learning about how the Lutheran Religion came to be. Ever since than I have had many of my OCD triggers based around that Religion or any word that sounds like it. I feel as if now that if I smoke today, something is guaranteed to negatively happen to one of my parents. I can sometimes shake this for a bit, but it comes back even stronger later on. I am not sure what I am looking for, but any input helps. I know this sounds crazy but I figured this community would most likely be understanding and possibly able to help. Thank you