I am getting sick of constantly washing, disinfecting, cleaning, washing, disinfecting, cleaning. I have spent at least 3 hours of non stop that today combined. And it is so exhausting that it makes me feel like why the fuck even open the door and step outside, if that will be met with another round of disinfecting and washing. Whenever wash anything that touches something I am going to ingest, or my hair and body, I always feel like I haven't removed the soap. So what would be a 10 minute shower for a normal person stretches to a fucking half hour of constantly making sure I got off all the soap. Then all the floors need to be disinfected. Trying to not catch this fucking virus with my ocd, is about as taxing as a full time job. Having to wash my hands means having to wash the handle of the faucet, because what if that got virus on it after touching it with my hand, and then washing the sink bowl because what if it still has virus on it that got back to my hand after washing my hands, and then after that I have to rewash my hands. But then I forgot that the spout where the water comes out might've touched my hands and could have virus, so I have to wash that with soap and then the sink bowl and then my hands again. Now I am done. But wait, i have to touch something else that could have virus on it since it was in public. And now the process repeats itself, albeit with enough vigilance, I don't end up washing every component of the sinkagain, but some I do. And this happens with simply washing my hands. On top of all this, my parents particularly my mother keeps sending me messages about being careful, and there is this virus, and beware! Every visit to them involves getting spoon fed more of what makes me have more severe versions of what I mentioned above. And the cycle repeats, albeit worse. I am beginning to forget what it is like to just live normally. Anymore of this shit and my head is going to explode. I am having an anxiety attack after all these fucking procedures I performed just by going shopping today. I need everyone in my life, my family to back off about this. I need everyone to back off, and let me fucking breathe.