I'm now in my 30s and I have had OCD for as long as I can remember. Constant handwashing and cleaning my hands with rubbing alcohol has always been a thing for me, now with Covid 19 things got out of control. I have eczema on my hands and I always get minor rashes from constant handwashing that I take care of by hydrating my hands, it was never an issue. The thing is, I have a bladder condition that makes me go to the toilet a lot, by a lot I don't mean 10x or 20x, I mean 200, 300, I have a severe problem of urinary urgency and frequency that doctors can't seem to fix. A few days ago I got what I think is a UTI and I have been going to the toilet every 5 minutes, no joke, with the threat of covid and having to wash my hands 100 times a before and after each time I go to the bathroom, things got out of control and for the first time in my life I got cracked hands, one of those cracks is really deep. I also have this tiny wound on the knuckle of my right pointy finger, it started with what it seemed to be a tiny layer of skin that was removed by the excessive washing and left the skin exposed, I didn't think much of it, kept washing my hands and now this tiny wound seems to be oozing small amounts of pus and it has a yellowish, white color. I have it covered with a bandaid and I'm using an antiseptic to keep it clean but I can see from the small stain on the bandaid that is still oozing pus or whatever it is. On the same hand I have a huge crack on other of my knuckles that is way deeper than the rest, should I keep it covered with a bandaid like I am doing and using antiseptic on it or should I just use an ointment over it and not cover it? I'm using O'Keefes'working hands hand cream. What about the other minor cracks on my other hand? I'm cleaning them and using antiseptic and keeping them covered with a bandaid or  should I just let them air and put the cream on top? In a time like this and since I'm not leaving the house I have stopped washing my hands to help them heal but this is freaking me out, especially because I go to the bathroom so much and I'm terrified of getting bacteria under the cuts and getting an infection, I suffer from severe anxiety and also health anxiety and the thought of this is driving me insane with fear, I keep imagining all the germs getting in my cuts from my unwashed hands and it gives me so much anxiety. I'm desperate and obsessed with this, I'm afraid I'm going to get sepsis and die or lose my fingers. Can someone please tell me step by step what I should do to heal this? Clean the cracks, use antiseptic and cover them or let them air and put ointment on top of them several times a day? Wash hands or not? What about the tiny wound oozing pus? Should I keep cleaning it with warm water, antiseptic and then covering it with a bandaid? I know this sounds all over the place but I'm sure most of you know how OCD and anxiety can mess with you and make you desperate.