I have been struggling with intrusive thoughts (specifically RJ thoughts) for a couple months now and I am not necessarily sure what triggered these thoughts. I love my girlfriend to death and we have built such a beautiful relationship so fast. But I struggle daily with these thoughts that are constantly making images in my mind of her ex/ex's doing sexual things with her and thoughts that make me believe I should be ashamed of my penis/body. I remember the first time I got these thoughts was when she confessed something to me about her past when she was drunk. She was clearly very ashamed of herself and was crying and of course I was there to support her. I didn't get these thoughts immediately but then when she fell asleep my brain started going. It went from how I wasn't good enough to how she will cheat on me with this person. I didn't talk to her about these thoughts afterwards and just kept stuffing down the terrible thoughts every day/night. But then there was this one incident where she showed me a video of her ex and her and then I just lost it. I immediately just wanted to burst into tears but instead I stuffed it all down. When she went to sleep that night I was getting very vivid thoughts of her ex doing things to me and her. I never confessed these things to her until recently and it has gotten somewhat better. These are only 2 of the situations that usually I get thoughts about but there are plenty others. It really hurts me to have these thoughts because I really want to feel like I can trust her unconditionally but my brain is constantly pulling these stupid mind games. I often feel misunderstood by her because there has been times where it seems like she thinks I am just a jealous person (and then of course that leads into intrusive thoughts about if I even have OCD l.o.l.) I don't really know where I am going with this, I just feel very alone a lot of the time. I hope one day I can deal with these thoughts better because my health is so bad right now. I have developed insomnia and I never go out in public anymore. I never even go to the Starbucks my girlfriend works at because I am afraid of seeing her coworker that I often get intrusive thoughts about because every time I do I want to shut off and cry alone. Its so weird how my brain will try to connect everything to make it seem like my gf isn't interested in me and doesn't notice me anymore. Like we were in the drive thru at Starbucks and the guy who I have intrusive thoughts about was there. All of a sudden I go into anxiety mode and she grabs a cd cover for a group they both like and puts it in eyes view of this guy. For some reason this made me think she was trying to subtly flex to impress him and gain some cool points. I hate this part about me and I always wish I could just shut my brain off for forever. I really needed to write this because my heart hurts and my brain is bouncing. If someone takes the time to read this, thank you <3