Im 15 female. I have anxiety and i watched this ted bundy movie on tv and after i started having intrusive thoughts about killing my dad grusomely like a way ted bundy did it and this happened to me once before after watching the joker last year. And imagined doing it with no feelings at all and its distressing me and i really want to stop thinking like this. And this hypnotist on reddit who says he knows child psychology and has worked with children with disorders was like oh clearly you lack empathy  so you most likely have asperges. Then i started panicking looking up the symptoms and then he was like i have it and i can tell you do or something like that so i was crying my eyes out an then he tells me i have schizoid personality disorder then i started crying about that then he says i have ocd and i started crying about that too and then i kept researching symptoms getting stressed and then i read these posts on lack of empathy on this dpdr like   conversation and there was people talking about how they question if they actually care about people and if they are just faking it and now im constantly thinking what if you have no emotions what if youre faking them all. And now its like what if you dont actually care about anyone what if its all pretend because you feel like you have to care for people what if you dont even love anyone what if you arent capable of loving you could be faking it and pretending to love because you feel you have to. Then id start crying and my minds like what if you are faking the tears right now. And now im like what if i dont love my mum and dad what if im faking it what if im saying it because i have to. And thats making me so upset im crying my eyes out and i told my dad and i didnt want to tell him i was thinking it about him so i only mentioned my mum and he told me he can tell i love my mum and im just over thinking and im like but if i loved her i wouldnt question it and then i burst into tears and then my mind was like oh what if you just dont want to tell him because you want to prove to yourself you have empathy so you pretend you  dont want to upset him . Then i finally told him im worried i dont love him and that its pretence because ive just been taught to love etc then he said i can tell you love us and im like but what if i dont and he said well if you dont you dont but i will always love you and i burst into tears and i fet awful for telling him that because i dont want him to feel like i dont love him but then i was lik what if im faking i dont feel awful for him too. Then i was feeling guilty for stuff ive done in the past and the  i was like oh what if im faking being guilty too just so i can prove to myself and convince myself i have emotions. Then the hypnotist guy i told him how i felt and he was like you could have asperges because people with asperges fake emotions based on what they see and then i was like surely if i loved my parents i wouldnt doubt it right i would be 100%  sure and he was like yes thats correct then i started panicking and he was like youre doubting it and you only love them because you feel you have to amd i can teach you to love them i can help you. And then someone on reddit told me if you didnt have emotions you wouldnt care if you did or didnt and someone told me if you didnt love your parents you wouldnt care if you did or didnt. And then the hyonotist was like they are giving you false hope its nonsense. And i was like i do love them im just overthinking and hes like but you overthink because you cant handle the truth and thats why you had a headache. And i was like no youre wrong. And then i was like if im faking emotions  im a psychopath and then i started looking up psychopaths and i was like well i lie quite a bit and i was like so im a psychopath and then he was like oh you manipulate people you lie so you have a disorder you should follow me i never lie. Then i was like what if im a sociopath and he was like you could be or youre a narcisist and then i was panicking about that. And now im like sometimes i cry for attention so what if im faking that and switching emotions on and off. Like once i walked passed  my nan all smiley i pretended to be happy and as soon as i walked by i had a poker face and now im worried that means im a psycho or something and the fact that i thought about hurting my dad but imagined it with no empathy is worrying me because im like im a psycho i lack empathy im a killer. And also i watch horror movies and crime stuff to be edgy and ive watched them ever since i was like 8 or 9 and im like what if because ive been exposed to violence at a young age  im gonna be a killer and now im worried i will become one and also one of the childhood signs is lighting fires and i play with matches and light and melt thing when im  bored and i try be cool and edgy but now as im writing this im like oh what if im making up excuses for all this. Ive also had a rough childhood like not awful awful just lots of arguing and a bit of neglect and like once abused but thats it. And im like oh serial killers start off because of childhood abuse what if im going to become a cold hearted killer. And i am interested in like reading about murders and like idk why but i look like deep into the murders like kind of obsess or something and i even try and look at the dead bodies of the victims not because it makes me happy or nothing sick im just curious and someone told me thats just morbid curiosity and no i want it to stop and i wish i never watched any crime stuff or had childhood problems because im worried its going to make me have disorders and that im a killer. And im like what if im pretending to care about all of this and people what if i just pretend to care. And i do have bad anger like i used to hit my head but ive stopped so i hit walls and throw stuff. But i dont stay angry for long and i calm down  and i feel bad and applogise sometimes because i feel like i have to other times because i feel really guilty etc.  Im usually the first to apologise. Im really anxious about all this but now im like am i faking it. Ive nevrr questioned my love for my mum or dad or anyone ive always said i love you but now im worried im fakig it and i dont mean it and my head hurts and now im thinking about suicide and i just want all this to end. I also had intrusive thought about strangling my cat as he was on me so i thought why not try it to see if youd go through with it and i tried it for like 2 seconds but stopped and then panicked and then was thinking if i did that will i give into the urges of killing my family grusomely like in my thoughts. My counsellor said i did it out of curiosity to see if id go through with it. I told my dad about it too he got angry. Next morning cat comes into my room and gets ontop of me and im like dont think it dont think it and then the thoughts pop up again so i tried it again and he gulped so i stopped and then my mind was like do it again and i did and he tried wriggling out of my tight hands and i stopped and then teared up a bit because he didnt know what was going on and that i was thinking of hurting him. And then i told my mum about it. Last year when i had these thoughts my dad was bending over and there was a knife by the side so i picked it up and pretended to stab him in the back to see if id go through with it and that was my chance but i didnt do it. Those thoughts last year went away after i became obsessed that i had schizophrenia.which ik i dont. Then today i went into the kitchen and picked up a knife and imagined the arm of a chair was my mums throat and then i started stabbing it to see if id have emotions whilst doing it and i didnt feel anything like i thought my heart would race as im doing it because of being scared but it didnt so i was like am i numb do i lack emotions will i do this then because i lack emotions will i hurt my mum if i tried imagining it and does that make me a killer or psycho. Then i wanted my dad to check my heart to see if it was racing because i was then like if it wasnt then i dont feel anything towards hurting my family or mum. And then my dad gave me sleeping tablets so i can sleep. Because when im asleep i stop thinking and then i know im not a harm to anyone and then i kept waking up but still half asleep and i kept thinking these are just thoughts these are just thoughts. And now im worried i will do something whilst my family are sleeping so i wanted to sleep before my dad does. And then he was on the couch asleep and my mind was like do it now hes asleep hes vulnerable so i told my dad can we go to bed because then i know im away from him but now im worried i will do something. And my mum and dad keep saying just stop thinking like this and i keep telling them i cant and ive told them about these thoughts and i just want it to go. I wish i never watched so much crime and horror stuff i just watched it to be cool. And i dont feel safe on my own im worried what im capable of but im worried when i think of hurting them i dont get like really distressed so im like do i lack feelings like killers do so will i do it and i read somewhere that those who get distressed are the ones who wont act on their thoughts and urges and im worried that because im not like that that i will and im worried im desentisived myself if that makes sense because of all the crime ive watched and i dont like it i want this to stop but i keep questioning it like do i though and im doubting everything and im like if i wanted to hurt them i wouldve done it by now but then im like oh what if im just planning it out and waiting for the right time. And my mum says i love you and my dad does and im worried if i say it back im faking it because i keep thinking about killing them and its like i constantly keep having new thoughts and urges every single time. Im worried im a danger to them and i dont want them to sleep because im worried but then im like am i worried or am i just saying it and i want to cry but when i cry the tears dont come out so then im like i must be faking it. And my dad says and my mum says im the kindest caring girl they know and that id never hurt them and then im like but idk if i would and i hate this but then im like do i or am i just saying it and i just want to die now i really do. I havent been diagnosed with ocd or anything. I also think i have a hormone imbalance because i have like no breasts at all. So could a hormone imbalance be causing all this and if its fixed will it go away. Someone also told me i dont have to have a racing heartbeat to feel anxious. And i feel something in the middle of ny chest when i think of this stuff and im constantly looking for reassurance and yeah i just hate this but now im like do i really