ok so i know this will not get any attention but i need to type this out, i swear to god this story is real ,if needed i will post updates. the only info i will give about myself is that im 14, and live in canada. one night i asked my dad if i could smoke weed with him, he said fuck it and we got stoned. this went on for a week or two untill he gave me edibles. my sister had thought she heard coughing and spyed on us for a week staying up untill 5 in the morning to hear what we were doing, she told my mom that i was taking edibles and hitting a bong right now so my mom called me up. she kept on pressing me she wanted to know if my dad was giving me pot, i eventually cracked and told her about it. she went downstairs to yell at him for about 40 minutes and she came back up, i was out of it cause i just ate a shit ton of edibles and cleared a couple bowls, my mom came back upstairs and told me to go to bed. the next day she made us pack our things, we moved to our grandmas, because she has bacicly a other house in her basement that isnt used ever. i dident get kicked out because my mom also smokes and thinks its child abuce because my dad gave it to me so i was not in trouble. he dident try to contact us to say sorry or anything. i still dont know why. we got there and my sister brought her birds, one escaped and flew into the window , than the dog got it in his mouth, i had to wrestle the thing out of the dogs mouth. it went to the ground and i picked it up and it died in my hand. by that point my sister (who is much older than me btw) knew what was happening, she was screaming about how she wanted her bird. i did not want her to see that because i knew it would scar her for life and told my mom to get her out of the room. we were all crying at the same time. it was probably one of the worst things ive experienced and even tho im 14, ive had to see things i wouldn't want my worst enemy to see. after that day we were all sad but dident really talk to each other. after a couple days we went back to my house to get some things we forgot (my sister and grandmother went a couple times before this and dident see anything unusual. but the time i went it was different. the only reson i went is because im a big kid and they wanted me to carry the heavy stuff, like a tv and my gaming chair. i went and put those things in the car but wanted to take a look arround. i went into the basement, my dad only goes in there so i thought id take a look. the bacement has always been filled with random shit so i was surprised to see it actuality tidy. the first thing i saw were bullets on the pool table, and a crossbow close to them, i forgot to mention there was about 10 knifes layed out on the table upstairs neatly. i grabbed the crossbow and the bolts for them and told my grandma and sister that we had to leave, they asked why and i showed the crossbow. the weirdest thing though was that on the crossbow, there was a sign that said "beware the wife" that creaped me the fuck out. we got out of there and went back to the house. atleast he dosent have the crossbow now. before this happend he begged my mom to let him buy a gun, witch would be illegal of course. she said no. he told me if he got one he would hide it in the attic. so im going there again tomorrow and i am going to look in the attic. i will try to take a picture if i find anything really weird. i dont fucking know what is going to happen. wish me luck.