For the past 3-4ish months, I (21M) have had no motivation to do practically anything. This is the same time frame that I got a new job and went to a 9-5, but i really dont think that has anything to do with it. i love my job, and look forward to going to work. but when i get home, i dont do anything productive. i am big into movies, and still go to the theaters 1-2 times a week to see the new releases, but i used to spend a large amount of my free time watching movies at home. i loved it, but now i cant get myself to watch anything at home. when i get off work, i come home, lay on my bed and watch tik toks for 1-2 hours. then i usually will go get dinner. thats another thing, i eat the same 2-3 things for dinner every single day. whataburger or taco bueno. its extremely unhealthy, especially since i dont workout at all. i purchased a gym membership in november and have not been once. $20 a month for 5 months and havent stepped foot in there. i go get dinner, then i come home and either turn on youtube or a sporting event that ill watch while im eating. after that, i usually lay in bed and continue watching whatever i was watching until about 10-11 pm. then i will get in bed, and scroll on my phone doing whatever for another hour or so. and its an every day thing. i recently spent $100 on a starting kit for a bass guitar. i thought maybe if i bought something cool like that and taught myself how to play it, itd give me something to look forward to. nope. ive played it once in a week of having it. im not terribly sad or anything either. dont get me wrong, i long to have a girlfriend and be in better physical shape (im not huge but definitely overweight) and things like that, but i dont lay around feeling depressed. but i feel like maybe this is what depression is? maybe i dont actually have to be sad 24/7 to be depressed. but im also very against self diagnosing as depression is a very serious thing. i am an extremely outgoing person and have a very loveable personality, my coworkers adore me and everyone around me enjoys my presence. but that being said, i dont have very many friends. nobody ever asks me to hang out. my brother is my best friend and we’re roommates and any time he’s home, we’re spending time together talking and what not, but he spends a lot of time with his girlfriend. i should mention i spend a lot of time on my phone too, whether its twitter, instagram, snapchat, or tik tok, im always on it. i just dont know whats wrong with me and why i dont ever want to do anything. i do everything alone, anytime i go to the movies its by myself, i eat by myself and i spend all time that im home alone in my room. i dont know whats wrong with me or what to think of all this but it really sucks feelings this way. if anyone reads this and gets to this point, id love to hear your thoughts. thanks guys