i’ve(20f) been adopted as soon i was born by my aunt. my biological mother was on drugs at the time and couldn’t care for any of her children i was the 4th child out of 6 or maybe even 8. six that i’ve been associated with while growing up we live with different aunts and my two oldest being in a foster home. around the age of 5 my aunt mom found out her husband had been cheating on her and was expecting a child so he moved out to start a new family while he left 7 children behind two girls were in their 20s disabled one being in a wheelchair and the rest were teens 3 girls and 1 boy and me being only around 5. during this time one of my sisters A got introduced to meth and somehow everyone got involved including my aunt mom except the two disabled sisters D & C and the youngest S. growing up in that environment seemed normal until going over friends houses and realizing it wasn’t. we had men coming in and out of our homes. me being young i didn’t think much of it. fast forward to present day, almost all of my siblings are clean but my aunt mom and other sister, it’s gotten worse. me being now 20 and still living w my aunt mom and my two disabled sisters d & c and my other sister m who is heavily addicted and so far gone with three children living here L(16) C(15) J(6) i’ve now decided to move forward with my life and move out but i don’t think i can leave my family like this. my nephew j only being 6 and basically being more of a mother to him than his own, i don’t think i can just leave. his sisters are also on drugs, weed and coke but who knows whats next. we currently have a man living with us which makes me uncomfortable. this house is filled with women. i don’t feel safe sleeping since my door doesn’t lock. they also have men in and out day and night. none of my family members like coming over. i’ve never brought friends around due to their own safety. i’ve tried helping, my other family members tried talking to them but nothing works i can’t call for help it’ll just tear my family apart. i’ve been to a therapist and i can’t talk to them about this without getting police involved. i just want to get this out there. i’ve kept this a secret my entire life. i’m currently in a relationship and i don’t know if i can tell him all this without being judge or seen differently.