Back in seventh grade, my dad lost his job after exposing some people for their wrongdoings. Since my middle school was connected to the organization that my dad worked, I was forced out of school. As a result, I was separated from my best friends and my circle of friends that I used to hang out with so often. After this for a year, I became addicted to games. Since then I became unable to continue with my hobbies (skating and soccer). This caused a variety of problems. My social skills plummeted, I lost my athleticism, I had very few friends, lost my motivation to study, and I became depressed (but at the time I don't think I realized that I was). A year later, I enrolled in a school far beyond where I grew up in a completely different part of the world, in my mother's home country. The school I enrolled in a fairly large school compared to the school in eighth grade. The curriculum was much harder, I did not understand anything they were teaching, and everybody took school much more seriously than I did. I used to be the smart one back in middle school but after I came here, it opened my eyes to how dumb I was. This did not help with my self-esteem issue one bit. I eventually made friends and somewhat became less stupid in the two years. However, the eleventh grade is when everything went wrong. I still do not understand why I lost so many friends, maybe I was a shitty person, or I was not fun to hang out with. In eleventh grade, my best friend at the school went to study abroad (At my school, the diploma program started in eleventh grade, which meant he would come back and start school in the grade below me in twelfth grade). My other good friend moved to America and he did not come back. When I came back to school everything was fine but slowly my whole life started to fall apart. I hung out with a bad group of people and became addicted to cigarettes, I often drank, I started to steal. This may be the reason why I lost my last good friend. The only good friend left at this school. A couple of months onward I got suspended from school for stealing someone's money. During the suspension, I reflected on what I did and felt like a piece of shit. I still remember the look on my dad's face when I confessed to him about this. He is such a great man and he always does the right thing. I've never seen him break his own rules. When I went back to school, I developed anxiety, and my depression worsened. A couple of months later it was becoming a little better and I was starting to make a best friend. Before the summer break, our class went on a service trip. Near the end of the trip, my best friend ditched me to go to the beach with a group of people. I then closed myself in and stopped trying to make friends. My grandmother passed away soon after which did not make anything better. Now both my grandparents were gone on my dad's side. My depression worsened to the point where I almost killed myself. But I couldn’t come to kill myself, thinking of the faces of my family members if I died. However, this all changed during the summer break. One day I took a heavy dose of LSD which thinking back could’ve gone south. I came to the realization that the only person in my way was myself. This helped me come face to face with my addictions and my depression. I realized if I continue going down this self-pity route, I would probably be unhappy for the rest of my life. I would maybe have wasted this life I was blissfully granted by my ever-loving parents. I wanted to become better. Although I did not make many friends during this time, I was able to work on myself. I stopped looking down and tried to become a positive person. Through my hard work in school, I became a better student and got better grades. These achievements motivated me even more and nothing could ruin me at this point. I’ve gone through the worst and I feel like I developed an immunity to depression. But in the back of my mind, there was a constant fear of the depression coming back. Yesterday, I was choosing baby pictures for my graduation. I was reminiscing about the great childhood my parents provided me. I then started to want my old life back. Today, I am no longer intimidated by depression, after remembering that the only way I can regain a similar joyous life to what I had in my childhood was by reaching out to people to make friends and memories.