This is going to be a long, deep post so strap in your seatbelts. Lately I’ve been trapped in my house with nothing but my thoughts, which are usually negative, to occupy me. I’ve especially been thinking of how much of a genuine piece of shit I used to be. I was what some might simply call an ass. I used to shut myself out from my family and sit in my room all day jerking off. I was disrespectful to my elders, authority, and even my friends and had a very selfish mentality. I was such a self-righteous asshat. I considered myself a god placed amongst mere mortals and would do what made me happy because life revolved around me, regardless of how it affected other people. This was most likely due to the fact that I was always placed on a pedestal and nobody ever told me off. I let my arrogance and selfish desire control me. There are 2 notable occasions that I really hate to think about. The first is the time I spread a rumor that resulted in the reputation of my classmates being absolutely ruined. I remember it vividly, I was in 6th grade and I was talking to my friend at a lunch table. I was extremely bored so I figured why not raise a little hell. See my ‘friend‘ would get really pissed off when he heard people were talking shit about him. The reason I ‘hung out’ with him was because I thought his tantrums were fucking priceless. So I decided to lie to my friend and say some kids called him the next school shooter. No, I am not fucking kidding I actually thought that was a good idea. Unsurprisingly, he flips his lid and starts absolutely losing his shit. What I didn’t expect was him storming off to tell the principal about what the kids said. For further context, the kids in question weren’t exactly model students in the first place and already had a reputation for getting in trouble with authority. As a matter of fact, the kids bullied the dude relentlessly and brought him to tears on multiple occasions. It seems that this was the straw that broke the camel’s back because he fucking lost it. Not too soon after, the ‘culprits‘ and I are called down to the principal’s office to have a discussion. I’m freaking out at this point realizing what I’ve gotten myself into and realizing that there’s no going back. I tried to convince my ‘friend‘ that it was all a practical joke and that I was just screwing around with him, but he wasn‘t having any of it. To make things worse, as we were all walking to the office I tried to side with the bullies and pretend that I didn‘t know what was going on. So, there we are, my teacher, the kids, my ‘friend’, the principal, and me. It felt like a trial, except justice wasn’t served that day. The principal unleashed hell upon those kids, screaming at them about how horrible they were. One of them even started bawling their eyes out and pleading his innocence. However, the principal wasn’t having any of their BS anymore. I was then asked to answer questions relating to the event. Me, being the jackass I was, decided to lie straight to the principal‘s face. I pleaded innocence, claiming to know nothing about the incident. However, it didn’t end there. My ’friend‘ went off on a tangent telling the principal tall tales about how the bullies treated him. It seems I forgot to mention that my ‘friend‘ was a bit of a drama queen and lies to fabricate tales about people he doesn’t like. Finally, the damned trial was over. The verdict: everyone was guilty but me. My ‘friend‘ was seen as a liar and a tattletale and went on to be hated for the rest of the school year. While, the ‘cultprits‘ were seen as heathens, people you dare not even talk to nor associate with. Then, there was little old me, an innocent angel thrown into a chaotic mess he knew nothing about. In a sinisterly ironic twist, I would go on to receive the model student award at my graduation ceremony later that year. An award given to only the most kind, hardworking, exemplary students who set an example of who you should be. The other incident was more of a series of events in which I disrespected authority at my religion classes. You see, my parents were never very religious and as a result neither was I. We rarely attended church. However, when we did, we usually didn’t even participate. For instance, at one mass my mother took out her phone and watched the Yankees game that day the entire mass. The only reason we ever went to church was because of pressure from older, much more religious, family members. Part of keeping the elders satisfied was attending religion classes. Of course, I carried my egotistical attitude along with me to those classes. I looked down upon other students who would talk in class and play on their phones while the teacher was talking. While, simultaneously doodling away in my textbook and not giving a shit about what the teacher had to say. To make things worse, I‘m pretty sure the teachers weren’t even paid but rather volunteers. Meaning these people would offer their valuable time to teach their passion, only to be met with absolute disrespect. This anti-religious sentiment culminated during mass one day when I decided to disrespect the priest in front of the whole church. Similar to the last incident, I was bored and looking for something to amuse myself with. So, I started talking to my friends sitting by me. The priest was giving a speech about insecurity and how his entire life he was insecure to the fact that he was treated poorly by his parents and peers, a topic he was very passionate about. He then asked the audience, “who in this room feels insecure?” Me, being the bored, disrespectful little shit that I was decided that it would be funny to call out one of my friends. “Ding ding we have a winner,” I yelled pointing and signaling to my unaware friend sitting next to me. The whole church went silent. “And that young man is the kind of stuff that will get you in trouble,“ the priest yelled at me. I sat there, scared shitless not saying a word. He then walked up to me and I could see the fire in his eyes, the fire burning in the deepest depths of hell. He rambled on and let me off with a warning, but that was enough to get my head on straight. The worst part is later when I went home and told my parents what I had done. For once in my life I had felt a new emotion, immense shame. However, my parents just laughed it off and said I was fine and that religion class was stupid anyway so I could just screw around for all they cared. I couldn’t believe it, my own parents letting me off with no punishment or even a scolding after something like that. It‘s been almost 2 years since then and I have made leaps and bounds as a person since then. I‘ve tried to be more social and truly enjoy experiences with others. I’ve quit my porn addiction and started being a productive member of society. I’ve started truly paying attention in school and staying on top of my work. I’ve become much more religious. I’ve begun to put others before myself and truly think of the consequences of my actions. Most importantly, I’m trying to make amends and move on with my life. Just thinking of all the people I need to apologize to overwhelms me, but I know it is the right thing that I must do. My entire life I’ve been viewed as good person by my peers and it’s finally time I started following that vision