Currently I don’t want to live with dad anymore but I still want to see him. I’m currently 17 so I am old enough to tell him I don’t want to be with him since he isn’t the primary parent. So my dad and I always had I decent relationship and we still do. In October 2019 we moved in with his girlfriend and her daughter. (my dad cheated on my mom with the gf for a few years then divorced my mom in 2013 (not the first times he’s cheated). Since I’ve started living their the girlfriend and daughter, them 2 treat me like shit and my dad won’t do anything about it. I don’t like to take shit from anyone so I go right back at them but them my dad yells at my for saying shit to them. My dad rarely actually does something with me and has taken only me on a trip once with just me and him (to a stupid lake an hour away)which was in 2015 I believe, every other trip I’ve been on with him was with his gf and her daughter and we went to nice places but all those trips I hated being there. So about a 2 months ago they started me making me do basically every chore around the house and I’m only their 6 day/nights out of 14 days. Then about a month he tell me he’s bring them to Arizona in March for a full 7 days(without me)(i also live in NY) I’ve been asking for years just to go down to NYC or the same lake mentioned above for a weekend trip. So About a week and a half ago I left a candle lit in my room and went  to school (I’ve done this plenty of time) then his gf went in my room when I was going to school so she calls me and starts screaming at me (when my dad was in the car also) so I apologize but she just keeps screaming so I let it go since it was to early in the morning to deal with bull shit, so she end the phone call then my dads start yellin at me to so I again apologized. Fast forward when I get home from school I see that lots of stuffed was moved around in my dresser and nightstand so I said some shit to my dad and end up getting into a really bad argument and ended up calling my mom to come pick me. My dad said he I didn’t have his permission to leave so I just told him I didn’t care about his permission and left. And I’ve seen my dad once since that happened just to workout. But I just don’t know how to tell him I don’t want to live with him anymore, I still want to do stuff with him occasionally just don’t want to necessarily live with him. So any advice would be greatly appreciated