I have always been the one there for others and lent out a helping hand for those in need and put other people before myself and try to please everyone. But sometimes I can't keep up my whole kind persona all of the time and I have learned to bottle up emotion and let it simmer. So to let it out I am just going to rant about the things that piss me off and hopefully someone can understand and be there for me. To start this I love my dad and my mom but sometimes they both piss me off as all parents do. My Dad always says think outside the box and to tell me this he mocks me by saying "What's this?" And making a box like shape with his hands and tells me to think outside of it. In reality I can function and do things on my own just fine but he constantly treats me like I can't do anything and when I try to figure something out in my own way he decides to show me the "right" way of doing it while my own way worked fine for me. He also can sometimes put expectations that I can't meet on me and most parents do and it just stressed me out and also I am forgetful because I am always so stressed and have a lot on my mind but I am constantly mocked and getting mad at because I forget something which puts even more strain on me. The last thing that makes me mad that he does is if he is angry I have to be quiet because it only takes a little to set him off but when I am super angry I never show anything more than just being a little quiet. My mom is a little more understanding but she has to take medication for anger and sometimes she'll flip out on me. And I sometimes can't help but feel a little sad because she doesn't get the opportunity to spend as much time with me and my 4 little siblings because she comes home from work and wants a getaway as soon as she gets back, the best example of this is on my sister's birthday party they wanted to have adult time so they literally locked themselves in their own rooom and talked to my uncle and some other adults instead of spending quality time with her no matter how much she begged. My mom and my dad aren't together but my mom got married and my dad still hasn't yet. Next problem is nobody will talk to me unless I initiate a conversation over text or irl and it only lasts a couple of minutes if that. I get lonely too and nobody gives two fucks about how you are or how you feel unless you are popular. I lost my aunt and nobody said they were sorry for my loss which is fine because I don't expect people to feel sorry for me but a classmate's dog died and people basically crowded this kid and gave him hugs and sympathy while another human being died and nobody cared. School isnt so bad other than the fact I have to be around people and it tires me and I sometimes get agitated with people and almost lose it. My home life other than the talk about my parents is uneventful and lonely. I know that my problems are insignificant but I could go more in depth about getting caught smoking at 12 years old to cope with my anxiety and  minor depression or go to the root of my problems but I will have more to share soon.