Okay I know things in my relationship are not okay. I know if I had a friend in my position I beg her to leave her bf before something really bad happened. It’s not my head that’s broken it’s my heart. A couple of months ago I caught my boyfriend doing some shady things, not cheating but scummy shit anyways that’s another issue. Like I said it wasn’t cheating so I didn’t break up with him, but things were still upsetting so I started being sad a lot more often, as well as my confidence went into the dumpster. So I started to say more insecure things and act more insecure. Idk why or how but this triggered my bf to start acting violent. We’ve been together for almost four years and he was never violent before. But now it’s at the point where I can’t even get into a small argument without him breaking something, he’s broken our tv, his phone, shattered my phone and other things, all in the past thirty days. He literally pushes me around and calls me names, I don’t do anything btw before people think I put my hands on him. Hell I don’t even yell at him or call him names or shit like that, he just gets frustrated when I call him out on his emotional abuse or if I don’t wanna talk him. Literally the other night I was kinda upset with him, nothing big but I told him I wanted to go to sleep instead of smoking a joint with him and watching tv like we do every night. I didnt think it was a big deal we literally do that every night, I was upset and just wanted to sleep it off but he got angry and threaten to break our brand new tv we had bought that day. And then when I was telling him that he needed to calm down or just leave if he was gonna start acting like that, he grabbed me by my arm twisted it pushed me on the bed and grabbed my shirt and raised his fist to me. He has yet to punch me and that is pretty much the extent of what he does to me but it’s still scary asf. It sucks because I love him so much, he was the biggest sweetheart ever for 3 years he was my protector my best friend and he’s changed so drastically in the past two months. I don’t wanna let him go but I’m scared one day he’s really gonna hit me. And he’s a big guy, he’s 6ft and I’m 5’2..I wanna tell my friends but what if I don’t end up leaving him? I know everyone is gonna read this like wtf you should most definitely leave him. I know I do..it’s just harder said than done. I kicked him out that night which was two days ago and haven’t seen him since but I miss him. I just want things to go back to normal I was so happy. Ugh I wish I wasn’t an idiot and could just leave him. Or I wish he would just change back.