In December I was in a near fatal crash that almost ended my life. My friend was driving and ran right into a telephone pole. My friend was left with just scratches on his hands. Now let me say now, no I don’t want money. I’m not one of those. I just need this off my chest. I still don’t know what caused the crash. I don’t know what happened 5 minutes before we hit the pole. I just remember seeing the pole, not even a foot away from the pole but yet not a single dent on the car and then everything just went black. It’s like that darkness in between when u fall asleep and wake up but much much longer and scarring. I thought I had died or I was about to wake up from a nightmare. Turns out it wasn’t a nightmare (no matter how much I wish it was) and I wasn’t dead. I just remember being shaken up and my friend screaming in the driver seat just looking at me horrified. I remember seeing what was the exterior of the car was now the interior and seeing the flashing lights of the people the people who would now have saved my life. It’s an image I’ll never forget. I was covered in dried vomit. Which I thought was dried blood (thank god it wasn’t but idk what would be worse) from the crash. I remember everything being so bright from the concussion I just had from the blow of the air bag and being rocked back and forth. The burning feeling in my leg like someone had just put a blowtorch to my left lower leg. I almost don’t know how to explain the pain. I thought I was going to lose my leg. I had no feeling but yet feeling but the feeling was just pain. I remember a paramedic running to the front of the car. Introducing himself fast and explaining they didn’t know how to get me out of the car and it was going to take time but to stay tight till they can put a cervical collar on me. I never felt so helpless. I never thought it would happen to me but I guess no one ever expects that.  Turns out the reason there was difficulty was that when my friend hit the pole it had such momentum that my side had hit into a store front. On top of that it had hit the gas tank and the car was leaking gasoline. They had decided there was no possible way without doing more damage  to get me out. They only option they were left with was the paramedic going to the little extremely tight spot there was left between the door and the store front and having me grab onto him and lean on him and use my right leg to get as far as I could stretcher. As I got up after I took my seatbelt off (ALWAYS WEAR UR SEATBELT. IT MAY INJURE U IN A CRASH LIKE ME BUT AT LEAST U WILL HAVE A 50% LIVING VERSUS 0%) I got the worst pain I’ve ever experienced in my chest. Now I’ve had panic attacks and asthma attacks but this definitely wasn’t the case. I felt like someone took a sledgehammer, rocked me in the center of the chest with it and then punched me, hit me again, and knocked the literal wind out of me. I was struggling to breathe. I threw up again and I almost choked on my vomit. Thank god I didn’t but still at this point I felt like I couldn’t get back my own air. I was struggling to catch my breathe. Everytime I tried really hard to get a full inhale, my chest felt like it was going to explode and my lungs and heart was about to shoot out of my chest. I was rushed into a ambulance. The paramedic had cut off all my clothes due to the trauma and the panic on his face. I mean i can’t blame him since there’s basically a 19 year old girl dying in front of him but it didn’t help my situation. I remember fading in and out of consciousness and just glimpses of the light in the ambulance burning my eyes and the paramedic doing what he could to keep oxygen going and him trying to get me to answer questions but I couldn’t even answer. Everytime I tried to communicate it turned into a jumble of random words put together or I couldn’t process what was being said. It’s weird to describe but i could hear what was being said to me but genuinely didn’t know how to answer because I didn’t understand the question or I would attempt and something completely different would come out of my mouth. Looking back, I remember some of what was said to me and I didn’t know how to answer. One was “who was our first president) I literally said Abraham Lincoln but I probably didn’t even say that either. It was probably a bunch of jumbled words and to me it made sense. Btw I know Abraham Lincoln ain’t the first its George Washington but it was a part of my street name so I just said the first thought I had on who was a president. Then he decided to ask who the current was and I sat there and didn’t understand what he asked. Now I do but I sat there absolutely clueless. Then I faded out again. I just remember seeing “Trauma Center Level 1” on the building I was being rushed into. I remember doctors and nurses and everyone yelling and shouting different things I still I don’t understand. I remember other patients in the hallway just staring at me with a shocked expression. I guess they were shouting what just happened to me too. I do remember one saying, I still don’t know who but hearing “how is she still alive?” “Don’t say that. There’s a slim chance she can still hear u”. I remember getting wheeled into a room I’ve never seen before. It looked like a operating room. At this point I was still struggling to breathe. They had someone using a mask on me squeezing some sort of bag to assist me. I remember being transferred to this table that was cold and being blinded by these bright lights. I thought the ambulance was bad, this was like staring into the sun or ever worse.  Being on the sun. It would describe the leg pain a little better. I started trying to look around with this collar on my neck and seeing 7 people surrounding me and a paramedic and 2 cops outside the glass door of my trauma room. I thought I was going to die and these were going to be my final moments. I was going to die on a metal table having a bunch of people touching me trying to save me and me trying to breathe as much as I could. They stopped the bag they were squeezing and put on another air mask. I remember after all the poking, pricking, having someone touching my neck and every last vertebrae in my spine and literally having a hand shoved up my ass I was put laying on my back again and officially not being able to breathe. I remember the room got darker and darker as I had doctors trying to pry my eyes open due to the room being so bright I didn’t want them to be open. I just remember trying to breathe even thought I had a mask on but still feeling like I was breathing out of a straw and the straw was getting smaller and smaller. Then it blacked out again. The same darkness as when we hit the pole. I thought that was it, everything that’s happened in my 19 was over. My future. Over. School, over. Seeing my friends, over. Regretting not telling my family before I left the house, I was never gonna get the chance to change that. That was it. It was over. I woke up. I was in some sort of machine. I was covered in wires and had another type of mask on me and blacking out again but like fading not the death black out. Then I woke up again. Back on that table. I remember looking to my right and a blonde German lady that was about in her mid 20’s just looking at me with tears in her eyes. It was one of the doctors trying to pry my eyes open before the black out. I remember her just crying and saying “u actually made it. U really did it. Ur a miracle.” And I asked her what was going on and where’s my mom and they said they couldn’t reach her so she went to go get my phone while I stayed on the table. In the meantime, there was two doctors in the next room discussing the possibility of surgery with eachother as if I wasn’t there. Long story short, I didn’t need any surgery. I called my mom and it will be a phone call I will never forget. I called her and she picked up. She said “Hey what’s up.” “Mom I got in a accident” “Ok. I’ll come get you and take a look. Are u on *** Turnpike” “mom” “what” “I don’t know where I am. I’m in a hospital but I’m not in a emergency and I’m not in a hospital room.” “Oh my god. I’m on my way. Which hospital” “I don’t know” and I passed the phone to the blonde woman. I genuinely did not know where I was. I didn’t even know was a trauma center was. She showed up and my mom wouldn’t stop crying and caressing my hair. She wouldn’t stop shaking. She had to leave after two hours which for like an hour and a half I had fallen asleep from all the strain on my body. I woke up in a recovery bay and was transferred to a room. I found out I had broken both bones in my lower left leg (tib/fib), had a concussion (later dealt with post concussion syndrome), pulmonary contusion which I felt severe chest pain for 3 whole weeks, and when I had blacked out the second time. I wasn’t breathing on my own for 47 minutes. I had gone into shock. They didn’t think I was going to survive. Now I am getting my life together again. I’m happy to say I’m alive. Many people who have been in a crash similar or even worse or even sometimes not half as bad but the safety of the vehicle was poor do not survive or deal with life threatening injuries. Now I deal with the frustration of why I am still alive and if I should be doing something. Why didn’t other survive. Y did me out of people survive. I didn’t deserve to. People say I should be grateful which I am but I don’t understand y I’m still here. I feel like I’m supposed to do some mission impossible and it’s impossible to figure out what it is. Thank you reading and I just needed this off my chest. If anyone can relate or have stories of similar or advice i would love to hear it.