A few years ago I (24M) was on the last legs of a failing relationship and I met a girl (22F) who I was beginning school with as part of a four year degree program. She was great, but I wasn’t going to jeopardize my relationship for her so I distanced myself a bit. In the meantime my relationship at the time fell apart and I began to get quite close with this new girl who I will call C. C felt like we didn’t get off to a strong start because I had to put her on the back burner to prevent any drama in my relationship but that quickly changed and we began to talk a lot and got quite friendly with each other. I was still a bit caught up on my ex so after staying at C’s place a few nights and doing some things with her on weekend I worked up the guts to ask her on a serious date. She was excited and said yes but then I was overwhelmed with a sense of guilt for moving on from my ex and I cancelled the plans, telling her that I felt it was unfair of me to be caught up on my ex girlfriend and trying to stray something new. She was disappointed but understood. Over the next few months my feelings towards C grew stronger but I continued to stand fast telling C that I was not looking for a relationship which she said she was fine with. But there was always an underlying suspicion that she was looking for more. This culminated in one evening where C was quite impatient with me at a party and demanded I stay at her apartment for the night when I wanted to go home. I declined and she became irate with me at which point I told her good night and left. The next day we had a discussion about this and she admitted that she wanted something more from me in terms of a relationship. This was my cue to walk away from it all because I was obviously sending the wrong message. We stopped spending nights together and we drifted apart a bit. We texted a bit over the summer and when we got back to class she had begun dating another guy. I was fine with this and we became closer friends than ever before. After a few months she broke up with her boyfriend. I didn’t think this was a moment to jump in so I just tried to stay friends with her. We started to talk a lot (probably to keep her mind off of him) and I started to think that maybe a relationship with C could be possible after all. I told her how I felt and she said that it was really unfortunate timing for all of this and that she wasn’t willing to risk a friendship on a relationship that she wasn’t certain about (especially given my Indecisiveness in the past with asking her out). I think this is TOTALLY fair but she was glad I brought up how I felt because she appreciates that we are always honest and transparent with each other. I don’t blame her or me for the position we are both in right now but I’m having a tough time accepting that this could be the right person at the wrong time. What worries me is that we are quickly getting to the end of school and my mind is racing about what could happen after that. I’ve put it out there and I’m not unhappy with the answer, just the situation it’s lead to - I can’t get her off my mind and it’s becoming a bit unhealthy IMO. Any thoughts on how to approach this?