I am a 19M, and I have PTSD from physical and sexual abuse when I was a child. I’ve been struggling really badly lately. Obsessing over triggers and I can’t control it. It has caused my sleep to be erratic and awful. I’m always exhausted. I can only sleep for 4 hours at a time before my body just wakes me up automatically. It’s like clockwork. Anyways, last night I was thinking back, and I remembered the foster kid that lives on my street. I started thinking about how much he wanted to be in our friend group when we hung out, but being young and stupid we rejected him because he was far younger than us. Well I started thinking about how a lot of the kids in foster homes or in the foster system are abused like I was. So I decided that the next day I would go over to the foster house, get him and tell him that if anyone ever even just threatens to touch him physically or sexually gay he comes to me, and I will make sure they regret it for the rest of their life and I would protect him. I’m 19 and he’s probably 11-12 right now, right at the age I was molested. I was thinking about it as I was going to sleep, and it gave me such peace and I fell asleep so easily. So fast forward to the next day and I go over to the house, and I find out that not only was he sent away, but the foster family moved. So now I feel completely helpless because I have been obsessing over him being sent to some monster piece of shit that is abusing him and I can’t protect him. I’m sad that he left thinking no one cared about him. I almost had a panic attack at the thought of him having to face the abuse alone like I did. I wanted so badly to let him know he was loved and that someone would protect him. I wanted to give him my phone number so even if he was somewhere else he would always have me available. Someone that he could turn to regardless of where he was. And now it’s all gone, and I’m left here just thinking about what he is possibly going through. Sure he could be doing great, but my experiences won’t let me accept that. It does him no good for me to assume he’s fine if he actually isn’t. I’d rather be safe than sorry. I just don’t know what to do. Just extremely sad.