It doesn’t sound like much. But all night last night I was having some kind of stomach issue and was up with constant panic attacks until the wee hours of the morning. This morning, I was too exhausted to drive the hour to my sister’s house to watch my 3 y/o nephew like I do most Mondays. All day long, I just cried from the crushing sadness that felt like it would sweep me away. Cried so much I got a headache. I’ve been off the Zoloft completely for about a month, after 10 years being on it, I finally figured out that it was the source of my fatigue and muscle aches. My doctor had thought it was fibromyalgia, but I wasn’t ready to accept that diagnosis until I tried being off the meds. My panic attacks and depression were breaking through a bit anyway, so I figured I’d give it a shot. I finally don’t feel physically awful all of the time, it’s almost like having a new body. Most days, I have to distract myself from the constant barrage of worrying thoughts. Some days it’s anxiety & some extreme sadness, and today was both. All of the other meds I tried before gave me different terrible side-effects, CBD oil had been helping with the panic, but the last couple of times it didn’t stop it. I need it to work for me, I can’t go back on meds. I hope my entire life is not like this, walking through this damn minefield of panic weighted down with depression. My sweet husband offered to come home from work early, I said no. My oldest is home from college on Spring Break, so I want to cook for him while he’s here. His younger brother was off from work today and so was their sister and I wanted us to eat dinner together. I went to the grocery store puffy-eyed and red-faced and managed to get the items I needed but I felt like I was pushing the cart while dragging a concrete block behind me, this sadness had such weight. But I did it, we ate together as a family and I only teared up a little bit as I told them all how much I love them. I hope I have better days, and if I don’t, I hope I get through them. I failed at so many things today, but I made dinner tonight....