A few months ago I was really sexually active with this guy and we didn't use protection and I wasn’t being consistent with taking the pill. He also finished inside me a few times. I took the plan b pill usually a day after but sometimes two days after because I couldn’t get the money fast enough. I started noticing weird changes with my body like I would feel nauseous a lot throughout the day or light headed but I thought maybe it was because I have a tendency to not eat enough in a day. Im in and arts high school currently and dance in the mornings. I remember one morning I almost passed out during my dance class and had to be escorted to the nurse. I began having suspicions that I was pregnant after this but I’m 17 and was scared and in denial so I didn’t do anything about it. I continued to party hard with my friends on weekends and wouldn’t eat healthy or would skip meals. I also continued to be sexually active without protection. I was very addicted to nicotine and caffeine at this time in my life too some days the only things I would put in my body were nicotine and coffee. I think I would do this to give myself an explanation for why I wasn’t feeling right though. I noticed a lot of mood changes too I would become aggressive or aggravated really easily and cried at random things when I am typically a very bouncy happy outgoing person. I didn’t get my period for two months and I went up about five pounds above my usual weight.... still I was in denial. I mentioned to my mom that I hadn’t had my period and she asked if I thought I was pregnant and I said no. I was scheduled to go to the gynecologist to get the implant form of birth control. When I went they made me pee in a cup to make sure I wasn’t pregnant and the results came back negative. I got the implant and a few weeks later had sex again and the very next day I got my period. It was very very light spotting for the first few days but my cramps were the worst I had ever had. One night I was laying in bed for a few hours with excruciating pain in my uterus and lower back. I was hunched in a ball moaning. I remember wanting to go upstairs to the bathroom because I felt very nauseous and hot but not being able to move because I was in so much pain. I stayed up most of the night like this until I noticed the pain getting a little better. I went to the bathroom and when I took out my tampon there was a massive blood clot about the size of a plum. I thought I was weird but just put a new tampon in and went to bed. The next morning I told my mom about my terrible cramps and the weird blood clot and she was like “I think you had a miscarriage” and I just denied it saying the test from the gynecologist was negative and there was no way. My period lasted 24 days which is extremely long for me and I only had a week of no period before starting my period again which I am now currently dealing with and I’ve had it now for 14 days. I don’t know what is wrong with my body and I am super confused as to whether or not I was pregnant and have been feeling depressed and guilty for being so irresponsible. Just need to let that out cuz I feel so guilty and embarrassed to talk to anyone about it.