During my high school days I spend time with this super introverted girl, I had friends of course but she was the one girl I would spend some time out side of school. Anyway when I first introduces my self I stated my intentions were not of friendship but I wanted to get to know her ;). (we were 16 at the time) and there was the start of a new weird relationship for me. TWICE she tried to friendzone me after I wanted to be more exclusive, we stopped talking after weeks and she would be the one to reach out.(After I stated for her to only reach out if she wanted something more exclusive)  4 times we went out after that we were from 2 very conservative families so we dint kissed or anything but we would tease each other. (During the whole thing after the first rejection I dint think she had feelings for me at all) On the last hang out she revealed something we would normally have conflicts with, it was about this much older guy she would message ect. She revealed the guy was stalking her when she was 16 he stopped after I started walking her home but she revealed also the guy wanted her to be in a relationship even thoy the guy was already married. He still would message her on present day, I told her to stop texting the guy as if we wanted our relationship to work she would need to stop that she said "ill think about it" meaning no she dint. After that I lossed all hope that our relationship if any would last as I would be going to a 5 hours away from hometown college and she would stay and study in our hometown college. So before summer break started I messaged her That I wanted to leave off in good terms as it was likely we wernt going to see each other again(she wanted to talk to me in person but I was already away from hometown) We adressed some problems we had and we answered to each others concerns I left off with a good bye and she did the same.  I never told her to delete me off nor did I thought I made her mad but after a week she deleted me of every single media and took me off her contact. My confusion was (why?) She in her own words only saw me as just a friend  nothing more not even best friends nothing. So why did she took me off everything I did say in our messages that if she wanted we could still text ect. Why would someone who would say constantly that you nothing to her and you are just one more person to her react in such a way, why would she care if I left?