It's amazing how many times I've tried to get you to talk to me only to prevail a handful of times. What you did leaving me the way you did was cruel 💔 and you didn't even think that it would hurt me or maybe in some ways you feel just for your behavior because I was making my own shifty decisions. I was trying again to make sure everyone was okay and copesetic blind to the fact that there's just not enough of me to give to a ex still in love a boyfriend involves kids brothers step-dad friends and in the end who suffered not them. It was us our relationship i was dumb enough to try and make it all work for everyone honestly i now see what I should have been focusing on us and you yet foolishly i thought you knew not thinking that we are the same people we both need constant reassuring, attention, love were incredibly clingy. I got rid of fake friends made my brothers stand on their own and I learned how to create healthy boundaries i know how to say no now. Ironically i became a hermit reading and writing doing all the work that i should have before.  I miss you my darkness aches for you to feed into it and kick the need i have for you. I have never craved a man or woman only you and I'm going insane my skin crawls my body yurns and my heart crys out please make it stop baby.you are my soul my mate i still since you have been looking here waiting wanting ill do what you ask only if you provide me with the same respect we both know it would be extremely difficult for us to stay away from each other if we seen each other don't that say something to you? Were bound by a profound sense of love a connection so deeply dark and corrupt it satisfies our need to be. Come home lay in my arms let me fight off your flashbacks kiss away your fears and let us know no boundaries we will grow strive become great a force not to be messed with ill always be right there i want to submit to you and your every wish ,want and desire. The way we make ....ugh ill stop just say it I'm yours!