My girlfriend has all the reason in the world not to trust me, because I have a lot of problems, sometimes I’ll lie and if she asks again, I’ll tell the truth, but at this point, I’m scared, I’m scared she’s going to leave, she is carrying my baby, and I feel like she doesn’t love me anymore. She went to her home state to be with her family, and I stayed here, it was because I snapped, sense she’s left, I’ve learned outlets that allow me to control my anger, and I’ve learned a few of my ticks. But, sense the unnamed sickness has happened, I can’t leave more than 30 miles from my work, our gyms and outdoor activities are closed, we can’t be in large groups, and now, they’re going to come to my house to check and see if I’m actually at my house, and if not, they’re going to fire me really bad. I want to go on vacation, I want to sneak out and go be with her and her family, but I can’t because if they find out I’m another 2 states over, I’ll be done for, there goes college and what I want to do after this career ends, there goes financial stability, there goes everything I’ve worked for so far. And neither of us can afford that. Idk what to do or how to feel, she told me she’s not coming anymore because of me not being able to go and is saying I ruin everything. I feel like a PoS. She thinks I’m sleeping with other people because I go out and drive at 2 am because I can’t sleep without her, she doesn’t want to talk, idk if it’s cause she’s pregnant or because she’s actually not in love, she tells me she’s scared of me, I can understand, when I get angry, it’s bad. But she doesn’t trust I’ve taught myself how to cool it and how to let things go, she doesn’t trust that I would never be with another woman, watching porn doesn’t do it, I need our private videos to really get off, she doesn’t want to put in effort because she thinks that I am going to stop whenever, cause I used to be bad about only doing things if they gave me a gain as well. So, person who shall not be named and has my whole heart for the next 6 months until baby joziah is born, if you do read this, and I highly doubt it, I love you so very much, and I’m so sorry this is happening, go have fun with your family, just know I’ll be waiting for you.