I know this isn’t as serious as other people’s posts but I just need to vent. I finally got to cook for my boyfriend and I tonight. We’ve been together for almost l 5 years and haven’t had much time took cool with or for each other due to our work schedules but today we both had the day off and ran some errands together and got stuff to make burgers. He realized he forgot something at the store and we agreed that when he’s on the way home, I could start making dinner. I thought I was doing great, I even tried to put a little heart on his burger with ketchup and everything. Well, I hand him his plate and he goes “No mustard?” In a really disappointed tone. I explained I didn’t realize he wanted mustard and he just kind of laughed and went to the kitchen to get it. Then, he finally took a bite, sighed, and got up to go to the kitchen again (which I now realize was to spit out the bite.) when he came back I asked if it was bad and he went “did you cook yours medium rare?” And I said “yeah, I thought you were finally okay with medium rare” (For the longest he liked his burgers well done but the past few times we’ve gotten them out he’s ordered his medium rare and loved it) and he just scoffed and ate his fries and at that point I told him he could just put it back in the pan and he said “I’ll just do it tomorrow. I’ll just have fries.” And it just rubbed me the wrong way. How was I supposed to know he wasn’t okay with medium rare again if he never told me? I took the burger off his plate and went to the kitchen to throw away the rest of my burger because I had kind of lost my appetite at his attitude. I wrapped up his and put it in the fridge and now I’m writing this. I’m probably just overreacting but I just don’t know why he was acting so entitled I guess? Our day has been great so far and I was really happy to be able to cook for him but just all the scoffing and the childishness just has me confused. Anyway, thanks for reading those of you who did and I know I’m probably just overreacting like I mentioned before.