This is my deepest fear. That I am right about my suspicions of not being wanted or loved by anyone. In the summer i came to therapy in tears and my therapist was trying to cheer me up by asking me about really happy moments in my life so i could remember them instead of all the negativity. And when she asked "When was the last time you felt loved?". I didn't expect myself to go "Uh..um.. haha... uhh..i guess whe-... i actually... don't really kno-" with my voice starting to waver and break with even more tears in my eyes. I didn't expect to bawl over that. This is my deepest secret that I have hid my entire life. It seems like my family disrespects me and pities me and that's the only reason why they haven't shipped me off to school in Arizona until I'm 18. They wanted to send me to a troubled girls school because I tried to kill myself. Every body else gets treated with love. Except me. When I told adults, the mental health professionals told my parents how to treat me. And they kept it up for a while but life returned to how it was. I think they only treated me good and said they loved me because they don't want to get in trouble by society. And I don't think I've ever had a real friend. When I was younger, I used to be loud and talkative and energetic. And then my friends started to ignore me and ditch me. They said I was annoying. I know we were kids, but they brought that same saying into high school even though I talked a lot less and left them alone. And then they said that I changed in a bad way. And then I became more open and trying to hang out with everyone again but everybody said i was annoying. Like an annoying gnat that won't leave you alone. I feel like everybody only wants the me that i have to be to be liked. For me, life is a bit easier when I just accustom who I am to make sure I don't annoy someone. And when anybody says that they won't find me annoying or will always like me, I start being myself. And then I can tell that they distance themselves. Plus, I know so many people talk bad about one another behind their back. I've had that happen before. Nobody hits my line unless they need something. And no body remembers anything about me even though I remember everything about them. It seems like I love and want everyone so much more than they will ever want me. Nobody invites me anywhere . I just needed to get this off my chest. My heart hurts deeply but I need to let this out for the better.