Ex and I (21) are officially done after two and a half years. There are so many things I could be upset about like how she cheated and told me it was my fault for trusting her too much, yes I know I wouldn’t believe this either but there’s so stuff I just can’t make up, or how she continued to hang out with the guy after we trying to work things out and saying she just likes hanging with him and his friends. However, that’s not what I’m even mad about. In fact I’m not even mad how she had the audacity to cheat a week after giving her the expensive promise ring she just had to fucking have then threatening it to throw it away because I no longer wanna be with her because “she was too depressed”. Like no bro gawd damn I don’t wanna be with you cause you cheated, sent random guy nudes, and still lied to my face multiple times. Yes I know it is my fault for going back to her thinking she would change after multiple instances of her proving that she is not ready for any type of relationship. What I am mad about is how she literally never learned that she was toxic and blamed her depression and me. It just pisses me off so much how someone can think it’s okay to cheat then blame the person who was cheated on and walk around living life as if everything is fine. I just don’t get it. Like how can someone be like that? It boggles my mind. I don’t hate her how could I, I still wish the best for her and everything, but like how the FUCK can she not learn from this. As if everything was my fault. Now I know there are two sides to every story and yes of course I was a dick many times but only because she pull shit like this.... which by the way this happened multiple instances...imagine we’re at the zoo. I say, “hey babe I gotta go to the bathroom”. She says, “that one” then points to the only bathroom in the zoo. I say, “yes”. She responds, “omg I totally had sex in there and the guy came on my face and some of it accidentally got in the toilet hahaha...why do you look mad”? Like am I crazy for getting upset about that? I didn’t yell or anything but that shit definitely fucking hurrrrted and it definitely ruined the trip to the fucking zoo. Like I get there are sooo many other shitty relationship stories, but I just felt stupid if I told me friends all this cause they would probably just laugh and ask why the fuck I didn’t get out of it. So I did what all people should and just went on reddit to rant.... thank you guys I appreciate you listening to my ted talk. I am excited to embark on my next chapter of life. I truly hope nobody else ever has to go through this...although life is life.