He molested me for the first (?) time when I was about 4. I have a feeling it went on longer but I can’t remember much before the age of 8 (even very significant events besides him having a seizure). I don’t even remember much of what happened and I feel like a brat. I feel like I’m over reacting. All I remember is him spreading my legs and laying his head down between them and that’s it. He used to make me and my sister his slaves. Do chores and whatnot for him. I always remember how I felt so uncomfortable and scared at that idea. I didn’t want to be alone with him. I never wanted to be near him. Even into my teens before I acknowledged or remembered what happened I didn’t like him. I thought it was because he was extremely introverted but I guess it was some internalized disdain for him that my brain just manifested as indifference. I have never told anyone all of this. I was assaulted later in life and did trauma work for that but I didn’t accept this until I turned 19 and I was already moved out of the house and had accepted a lot of what had happened with other incidents of sexual abuse. I moved back from my apartment as I am my fathers medical power of attorney and live in a different city normally so I wanted to be around him in case anything happened. However, my brother confronted me on Christmas about what happened with a nice one liner after being entirely shit faced. Since then my life has been thrown into dismay. I had a rough time with mental health as a teenager and it all resurfaced after he told me. I started drinking, being apathetic, suicidal, self harm ideation, slipping into old ED habits and just entirely not myself. Now I’m stuck in the same house as him. I have horrible dreams every night, so vivid in nature, terrible anxiety before I go to bed, I won’t let myself eat more than 1000 calories and exercise 2+ hours a day. I drink almost everyday. I’m so tired. I feel myself slipping and I feel so fucking alone. Every story I hear of someone who has been molested by a family member sounds so much more valid because they can remember what happened. I can’t really. And I feel like a fraud. I can’t tell anyone about the memories because there is hardly anything to tell. More have been resurfacing after he told me but I feel like they’re false memories and I’m faking it. The 6 years I’ve put into therapy and months of psychiatric and ED hospitals feel like they’ve just been flushed down the drain. I’m losing my fucking mind and becoming untethered but there is nothing I can do and I just needed to tell someone. It doesn’t help that my sister gets angry or frustrated if I bring it up, my dad won’t address it, and that my mother is dead. I understand my dad and sisters feelings but I’m so tired. I just want support. My boyfriend is of help but sometimes he doesn’t have the best reactions and sometimes he genuinely has the worst ones. I’m scared and I feel alone. I don’t sleep until 4-5AM and wake up at 1230 at the very latest. For reference I normally sleep like 9 hours a day.