So my mom is 30, my dad is 31 and I’m 17. They had me when my mom was 13 and my dad was 14. They were kids and did stupid stuff like kids do. My dad was her boyfriend at the time. My mom wanted to keep me and be my mom. So until I was 9, my mom was living at her parents (my grandparents) house, so naturally, I was living there too. She has 3 siblings (my aunts and uncles) who were obviously living there too. I have an aunt who is 27 (10 when I was born), an uncle who is 24 (8 when I was born), and an aunt who is 22 (5 when I was born). For the next 5 years, my mom was going to high school, and being a parent at the same time, her parents (my grandparents) would take care of me while she was at school, my aunts and uncles helped whenever they could too. My dad helped in whatever way he could, he wasn’t living with us though so that made it hard. When my mom turned 18 and graduated high school, I started Kindergarten soon after, at the same time she started college. Again, my mom was being a parent and a college student for the next 4 years, which now that I was in school, we were still living at her parents house, my aunts and uncles again and her parents again helped however they could. My teachers and everyone at school would always mistake her for my sister (still do today), like when she goes to parent teacher conferences and all that. Eventually when she was 22 and I was 9, she graduated from college and she moved out and got an apartment with her boyfriend (my dad), she of course took me with her, and I’ve been living with them ever since. Her and my dad both had custody of me. About 6 months later they got married. They’ve had 2 kids since a son who is 10 and a daughter who is 8, who are my brother and sister. I have a very close relationship with my mom, I always have. To this day my mom gets mistaken for my sister. Until middle school, I thought it was normal to have parents this young, until I saw the parents of the kids at my school, who were in their 30s and 40s. When my mom was still going to high school and college she would always talk about her experiences and how her day was, and I always thought that was interesting. Out of my moms siblings, I have the best relationship with her youngest sister, my aunt who is 22. There’s literally nothing my mom wouldn’t do for me, she loves me and my siblings more than anything, my dad too. They, especially my mom tell me I’m the best son ever. Some people think it’s strange that I have parents who aren’t much older than me, of course for me this is the way it’s been my whole life so for me it’s normal. I’m always seeing people who are children of teen parents talk about what it’s like so I just thought I’d say what it’s like for me.