I’m sorry but I’m at my limit with holding my feelings in. I love you!!! No it’s even worse now, i think I’m obsessed with you!! I feel like you already know my feelings but you don’t know how disgusting it is. Everyday i keep thinking about you, but only you. At least 90% of everyday is dedicated to my feelings towards you. I try to stop myself but it just won’t work, it’s only getting worse. Your smile takes my breath away and you drive me crazy. Sometimes it’s the hardest thing for me to just talk with you. I can’t hear you because my heartbeats are to strong. Sometimes i cant even speak to you because it’s just too hard to breath when I’m with you. I feel like I might collapse if i will try to talk. And your smell, that scent, i just can’t have enough of it. I guess you haven’t noticed that yet but sometimes I can’t help myself and i will just sniff the air so i can smell it more. When you are sad or in a bad mood i feel like the world is about to end. I want to help you however i can with any problem you will have. I don’t think i will ever forget that time you sent me a message on whatsapp, you were the first between the two of us to start texting the other. Since than i find myself almost everyday looking at our conversations with a stupid smile on my face. Sometimes i just look at your profile picture for 1 minute. The worst part of all is my jealousy. When i see you even just talking to other guys ,laughing from their jokes and especially when i see you hugging them (an innocent hug between two friends) i feel like shit. But it’s ok cuz i truly know that you aren’t into those guys, because it’s the same reason for why you don’t see me this way which is because you already have a boyfriend. I don’t know if he loves you as much as i do, but it seems to me that you like him. To me he looks like a really awesome guy. He is good looking, mature, and seems to be a nice person. You both seems to be happy together and im happy for you, or at least wants to be. I try to be mature and do the right thing but it’s just so hard. I want to be happy for you but my heart won’t be satisfied no matter what. I say this but I feel like I’m just lying to myself. I really want you to be happy and i know that this guy is doing a much better job than i ever will, but it just feels so unfair. Why do I deserve this? Is that really what i get? Do I really need to just let it go and move on?? Why it’s so hard? Why do I always find myself in the bad and sad ending? I don’t know if i can handle this, but i know that this is the right thing to do. In the end i will only cause troubles to myself and especially to you, but I’m so obsessed that I became blind from the truth. Deep down in my heart i know that I actually don’t give a fuck about what i wrote here. You know why?? Because i love her!!! I love her and only her!!!! This is my true feelings and I’m sorry and disgusted from them, but I can’t control them. I love her i love her i love her i love her i love her. Please help me it’s the most pain i have ever felt in my life.