So, for some background. I'm 15 years old, and I used to play Overwatch at a relatively high level. I was in "tier 3" of competing, which is defined as 32nd or better in the Open Division tournament. I was competing at this level from November of 2018, up until late March of this year. The reason as to why I stopped competing in the game is that I feel like I'm worse than I used to be. My ingame rating (SR) was consistently above 4300, which is on the low end of the ingame Top 500 list for North America. Recently, my ingame rating has significantly dropped, to the point where I'm embarrassed to have my in game profile be public. I was 13 years old when I first hit the highest rank in game (grandmaster). I was playing on a shitty PC with shitty, half broken peripherals, and a 60hz 10 year old monitor. Right now, I can't even get back to that same rank, even with a top of the line setup. It's really deeply saddening that I haven't improved at all in this stretch of time. I spend multiple hours every day either playing the game, reviewing professional games, or doing aim training, and I still can't get back to where I used to be. I feel like my mental health has something to do with it, but that's also extremely counter intuitive, because the first time I got to 4300 was the day after a failed suicide attempt. I sat down and played for 12 hours straight, with a hangover, on a shitty setup, and got to 4300 for the first time. I was in a shit place mentally, but I was playing great. I have no idea what's happened. My aim has been getting better, at least by the numbers I get in the aim training games I play. My visual reaction time (VRT) has gotten worse, though. It used to be around 160ms, but now it's 189ms consistently. I've been working so fucking hard, but I haven't gotten any better. I know this is a stupid thing to be upset over, and it's not gonna make sense to the majority of people, but I worked really, really, really hard to get as good as I was, and I haven't stopped working hard. I've stopped improving, and I've gone in the opposite direction.