my english teacher told our class how every person is like an island mentally, never to be fully explored by another person. how every person has secrets absolutely no one knows and never will know for the most part by some times other people know you better than others and that goes to show how you distribute your trust. today i realize that i have pushed away every person (who isn’t related to me) that actually cared about me like family and i didn’t realize why till i finally understood i will never allow anyone to get close to me because i’m to scared of them leaving me so i leave them. one time my best friend at the time gave me a letter probably explaining how much i meant to them but i never read it, i finally two days ago got that i didn’t want to read it because i mentally blocked off the idea of getting anything i do for other people in return. for so many of my friends birthdays and holidays i would write heartfelt letters explaining why i was so happy they were in my life and i never wanted to get one back so that i’d always know i’m not worth writing about or caring about. once i got one back i knew they actually cared and what did i do? become completely terrified that if i read that letter i was now able to be hurt so i did what my mentally ill self did which was throw away the letter and slowly ghost them and not realize it was hurting them. i probably thought that i wouldn’t hurt myself but i did, i am sitting in bed thinking about what an amazing friendship i ruined two years ago and will never get closure on cause i don’t want to ever hurt them or remind them of the pain they so rightfully felt. oh what i would do to be able to read whatever was in that letter, i am also so ignorant for thinking that if this person were to text me happy birthday on my birthday that our friendship could slowly fix up. i hurt someone who meant a lot to me and i am to emotionally damaged and numb to ever realize that i mean something to my friends and family. i hope that future me eventually forgives myself for doing this and gets some help or something.