 Hope I don’t get completely roasted for talking about this, this sub seems pretty supportive but I know how Reddit works. Not doing the best, with all the drama that’s going on around the world, and I tend to think about everything when I feel like this. Here we go.  When I was playing football in high school there was a cheerleader I was into for the first week or so of school. We were in the same cooking class, in addition to the cheerleading squad being around quite a bit during our practices. But as I got more settled into my senior year, I don’t know how it happened (at least I didn’t at the time), but I lost my crush-type feelings for her and it turned into...I guess concern, because even though I have aspergers (if you don’t know what it is, look it up, this will be important to know) I had this strange feeling that something was wrong with her. I’d also noticed her brother had been missing, so one day during class I casually brought this all up, and she looked at me with a look of panic. “Wait, how did you know?” Know what? I had no idea what she meant by that question so I thought I was better off not asking anymore. I just assumed she was going through family drama and it wasn’t my business. Found out later it was family drama, but I didn’t find out exactly what until too late.  As time went on I would cook with her in class, talk to her throughout the day including practice and before and after games, occasionally eat with her and take her home, and we had a lot of fun. Thing is, I felt like I needed to protect her, but as I think about it now it was when I truly felt genuine friendship with a female for the first time. She helped me grow in that art.  Things were great as the summer eventually rolled in and out and no issues were ever realized. I’d noticed that she’d been posting quite a bit about going to other people’s houses to spend the night, which I thought was odd but not too odd. Then one night after she posted another one of those posts, I thought about making what I thought in the moment was a harmless double entendre about us getting a hotel, and then eventually ask if she wanted to go to a baseball game because I was actually serious about going to one with her. The next morning I discovered she blocked me on everything and never wanted to speak to me again, and I’d gotten a few (well deserved) angry messages from a few people, including from a teacher we both had that explained everything I didn’t know. I feel weird about giving the details of such a private matter here, but it turns out that some time before she’d been raped by her brother. Honestly, finding that out destroyed me, and I was also gutted by the fact I’d betrayed her with my ignorant words. It hasn’t left me since.  I cared so much about her, even more than a lot of my guy friends. I was so crushed about what I did that the people  that were mad at me did a complete 180.   I also developed an anger I never felt until then for her brother and anyone else that would do that kind of thing to another person. We were cool too, until he disappeared. When he greeted me at a grocery store once in the next year I had a scary moment where seeing him filled me up with so much anger that I thought I would do something that I would regret.  I’ve never let this stuff go, and it’s changed me for worse but at the same time for better. For worse because I haven’t felt consistently happy for a lengthy period these four years, but this also changed how I viewed sexual assault. When I was 17-18, of course I knew what it was but it never registered how it affects victims and how traumatizing it is, and in a way it’s made me want to help or get involved with organizations that help victims or spread awareness.   Hope I didn’t enrage anyone, I feel bad enough. It felt like a good idea to get this stuff out of my head.