My first time was unexpected. It all started  the day after new year  a few years back. We had a little bbq and we got really fucked up that night. We ended up at my homegirl apartment. There were four of us, me,my homegirl  her boyfriend and her cousin. There were going to sleep in her room and Me and her cousin were  sleeping in the living room. Her boyfriend immediately start messing with me about sleeping with her cousin. I thought they were playing with me until my homegirl pulls  me aside and tells me to be careful tonight cause she knows how her cousin is as processe to gives me a condom. I immediately got chills in my back. Before  the that day, I never done anything sexual in my life. I was absolutely nervous. I completely  shut down my brain  and went stupid that night.  At  one point I got so nervous I just ask "are we going to do it ? " 😂 she laughed and we did the do. Let me  just tell you  it was a awkward, cringy, funny and fun experience. I completely no Idea what I was doing.  The next morning was weird. She got up, don't say word or even look at me & left. My homegirl comfort me little and told me that how one night stands gose but I couldn't help feeling shame and alone. It felt like I made a mistake in a way. Don't get me wrong she a very gorgeous girl and she was so sweet about that night. It just  felt like I list lost something or wasn't suppost  to be this way. The next day I  found out that she told homegirl and a few friends about that night (basically I was bad in bed) I felt really embarrassed about it.  Few years past, I have gained more experience sexually and been a little more comfortable . I been off and on with dating. As we speak I'm dating again but every time my homegirl tell this  story or glorify me being very attractive cousin (my homegirl sings her praises about her ),  I can't help but feel small and stupid. It not as bad as use to be but still to this day I'm still a little bit insecure about my sexual performance. Thank you reading my ramble.