I have had an awful several months. I try not to focus on the bad but it’s also taking a toll on my mental health so I feel like sharing whats on my mind will help and just help take a load off my shoulders. I lost my best friend in September. She made me feel unimportant by not attending some of the most meaningful events in my life... I wanted to talk to her about it and let her know I was upset and instead of talking about it she ignored me for 6 months. I’m not kidding. Silent treatment. That whole event f*cked me up. I never had really good friends growing up and the one friend I did wasn’t mature enough to talk to me through something. So I finally get over the fact that I didn’t mean a lot to her and that’s already caused me so much anxiety. I constantly wonder what is wrong with me/why can’t I keep friends etc. But in that time I learned to keep my distance from people not get to close and it seemed to get better. Then we had to put my dog down. The dog I’ve had ever since I can remember. It was the worst experience I’ve ever gone through. Well then literally a week later  I caught my fiancé cheating on me. I don’t need any judgement- we are working on things and I’m forgiving him but forgetting is the hardest part. I feel like things are better. Our relationship is growing and people make mistakes and people deserve forgiveness. But that doesn’t mean I’m not still hurting. Healing from this is probably the worst thing I’ve ever had to go through. I don’t want anyone in my business and I truly think a relationship is between the 2 people so I don’t need anyone’s opinions or judgement. So I just feel like I’m going through this alone. He knows I have extreme anxiety and it’s his fault and his mistake that caused it so he tries to help. But I’m on my own to getting over these life events. On top of this I’m trying to almost graduate college and go to work and do personal projects for friends and family. It’s really exhausting trying to hold myself together and be a happy person. People aren’t very good listeners and all they think of is theirselves. I just don’t feel genuinely cared about right now. I need support and to be uplifted. I would never hurt myself but some days I wish that I’d get hit by a bus or amnesia or runaway and my anxiety would disappear but that’s not real life and I’m a strong enough person to keep pushing. It’s just been really hard to push these days.