For as long as I can remember I’ve always had a fear of looking dumb or embarrassing myself. I used to think this was just normal and everyone experiences this feeing but recently I’ve been thinking over it and I’ve realized that I might have something wrong with me. For my whole life I’ve avoided doing stuff because I feel like I won’t be good enough at it and I’ll embarrass myself. I remember all throughout grade school whenever the teacher would ask a question, I would never raise my hand, even if I knew my answer was correct. I think because deep down I feel like embarrassing myself would make me look dumb, which would then damage other people’s perception of me, and for some reason I can’t understand I just need to be this perfect person in the eyes of other people. But why? Everyday, around different people or groups I’ll act as an entirely different person to fit in easily. Yet, not a single one of these facades I use is my true self. I think it’s because deep down I feel like I’ll embarrass myself and look dumb. I feel like no one really knows me because I’ve never shown my true personality, which makes me feel detached from my friends and family. To add onto that, sometimes there were scenarios when I didn’t pursue a things that I was passionate about just because I felt that somehow in someway I’d show my true self and I’d look stupid to other people. There was a situation when I was younger when I was on a hockey team but I wasn’t that good. Instead of actually trying and putting in the effort (that I knew I could) I instead played didn’t put any effort into it. I guess I did this so I could say “hey I was playing bad but I wasn’t really trying so it’s alright” as a sort of defence mechanism against looking dumb. This is the mindset I’ve always seemed to have towards everything. It’s like I’m afraid of really putting something I care about out to the world out of fear of rejection and not being good enough. This whole thing has led to me having extremely low self esteem and I think it was definitely one of the factors that led to my depression. Although I feel like there is a silver lining. For a few years I’ve developed an immense passion in music. I’ve never really tried to do anything with it because I’ve been like this, but now that I’ve found the source of my troubles, maybe I’ll be able to put myself out there. There’s this quote I found and it honestly changed me. It’s “your fear of looking stupid is holding back”. It’s so simple but it was like a wake up call to me. Anyways I doubt anyone will actually read this but it’s just me clearing my mind so yeah