I don’t like my sister since coming to work with her. I feel like she manipulates people. (She talks about it from time to time). She talks so poorly of other people like constantly. Which I obviously see that she hates herself and I should be understanding but I think she’s trying to skimp me on money. Our boss is giving her the pay so that she can sort of figure it out for her thinking that my sister will be honest but I think she’s hiding money from me. I don’t want to confront her about it bc I don’t think she’ll tell the truth. I’m obviously going to tell our boss to just give me my portion of the pay. I’m just grateful to be here and I think I’ve been a little naive for the past few days thinking that I’ll have a good time with my sister and that she’ll be honest. (Just a side note; I didn’t grow up with her so I don’t know anything about her, only what she’s told me over the past 8 yrs) her perceptions of things don’t line up with reality a lot of times. If she’s upset about something she’ll blame a person for being terrible. Ex., she moved out of her grandpa’s house for the first time (she’s a 24 yr old Female) and she was very emotional about it, so we ended up staying at her friends house for one night. As soon as we got there she started talking crap about her instantly. About her clothes and how she would never want to live with her. She was saying how her beliefs didn’t long up with her friends basically and that she didn’t like her property, that it was sad in a way. I know this could’ve been just one instance but it happened again at the current place that were nannying at. Beforehand she was saying that the lady that we were nannying for is super mean and is flustered all the time. Then she lags to come to the lady’s house that we’re nannying for, for a week and is complaining about how upset the lady is. She definitely is very egocentric but is also always talking about her chi and is supposed to be very spiritual. I just don’t think her external world matches up with her internal world a lot of times. I hate to say it but I don’t think I like her. She doesn’t listen when you talk at all. It bothers me. She’s constantly thinking about herself so she can’t really hold a good convo bc she acts stupid. I know she’s not dumb to how she’s acting but she definitely plays it like that.