I think I was twelve when this happened. An old neighbor and his daughter, i think she was eight, came over to our new house to hang out with my mom. We were sitting on the couch in the living room with them outside. I'll spare the details as we were both children, but i touched her on and (i think, its kind of blurry now because i've tried to avoid thinking about it) under her clothes and exposed myself. I've read that children experiment but i don't know if the age gape between 8-12 is too much. I never really went to a real school with other kids my age so i didn't know how to act around people. Afterwards my mom called me into the living room after they had been gone a while. She said that the girl told her mom something (i don't know exactly what she had said). After a few minutes i admitted that yes it had happened. My mom said that i could be arrested and that ill live the rest of my life with the chance that shell accuse me and i'll go to prison. Then i think a few months later she said shes scared that ill be arrested. Since then i remember it and i start having suicidal thoughts. I remember several times when i was younger remembering it and wanting to go to the kitchen and slit my throat with a knife but being too scared. Last night i remembered it again as i was trying to fall asleep and i grabbed a pocket knife and started scraping my wrist as fast as i could. It wasn't a very sharp knife but i bled a little bit and felt better. I think that's why I've been staying up until 3am every night for the last several months so that im too tired to think and fall asleep faster. Then after classes today i got a sharper box cutter and cut my wrist twice and it kind of cleared my mind. I cut myself one more time today after that. It's midnight as i write this and i don't want to remember it again. I think im going to cut again before i go to bed. I'm now 19 im getting more depressed. For the last few years my tentative plan was to wait until my mom died and then i could kill myself without hurting her, but this is the first time I've done any self harm other than banging my head against a wall at different points in elementary school. I don't know what i'm doing but i'm getting worse. Is what i did wrong? I don't even care if it isn't wrong, I can only feel like it's wrong. I'm sorry