I (M20) finally told my parents that I’ve been using drugs for the last 3 years and have been basically depressed for the same amount of time. I finally acknowledge that my abuse of substances has gotten to the point where I have no faith, no energy to get up, to work hard in life, to care for something more then the next high or buzz, and no will power to fight for something good in my life. I’ve allowed it to take away so much of who I was. I allowed it to change me and by not fighting and making an actual effort to stop or control it I rather just let it take a hold of me. Let it ruin a relationship where I was with someone who truly cared for me and wanted nothing but the best and to see me go far and all they wanted was for me to try and be honest. But I choose the latter, I choose to give in. I let myself almost destroy my family by going behind my parents backs and keep lying and lying and lying and just causing pain everywhere when all they wanted was for me to be healthy and happy. I let myself give up multiple times in multiple different places in my life cause I didn’t fight hard enough. Just now after getting caught from smoking yet again I just was so tired of the finesse around people that just want to help me and see me not destroy myself. I finally told them that I don’t know if I believe in god anymore. I told them I don’t believe in me, that I just want to feel again, To feel happiness, to feel whole again without reliance on substances. I’m all for it if you can control it but I can’t. I really don’t want to hurt anymore people. I just want to get better and if I’m being honest I think I’ve never ever felt better in the last 3 years then now. This was the hardest thing to do but I’m just tired of the pain, tired of the feeling, I just want to be the same 17yr who had a care for something more then 8th. You gotta start somewhere and nowhere else better then with my own family that loves me more then I can possibly ever fucking know. I’m really to everyone I’ve hurt, to every person that tried to bring me up but I just turned my back to them or just lied instead. I can’t change the last 3 years but I can still change my future and  do the best I can for however long I have left. I just wanna be true to me and my love ones. Too day 1 everyone