I never met my father, but apparently he visited me when I was a baby and never returned. My mother gave multiple versions of my conception to her family, including rape. I stayed with her for about a month after I was born. During this time she would go out to parties, drink, drugs and that kind of stuff while I was left with her roommate. This woman apparently hated me and abused me by not changing my diapers, not feeding me, screaming, hitting and... Who else knows what more happened. A friend of my mother called my maternal grandparents, who already wanted to take me, and I was adopted by them. I had a normal childhood until I was 6 and changed states to a small and conservative town. I changed schools a lot because I was constantly bullied. I have so many memories of going home crying after a day of insults, false rumours, humiliation, violence and the teachers blaming or ignoring me while they saw what was going on. I had few friends growing up, most betrayed me and others just changed. Bullying fucked me up so bad and no one that I talked to about understands how much pains it stills causes me, even therapists. I have OCD, anxiety disorder, PTSD, insomnia and so much more because of what they did to me. I hate myself so much for not forgetting specific moments that happened years ago and dreaming about people who don't even remember me. When I was 14 to until March of last year, I was in an online cult that destroyed myself completely once I found out all that fantasy the leader portrayed, was just pretty lies she used to scam people. My last friend was in that cult, but he is so much stronger than me and succeeded in moving on better than I did. Every day, I still think about the messages I wish I could send him telling my strange dreams when I wake up and hear him saying it was not my fault what happened. Sometimes, I give a peek into the cult and... I don't know, I guess I just wanted to feel the sense of purpose I used to when I was under their influence. Besides this friend that I lost, no one knows that I was in this cult. Maybe it's because I'm a selfish teenager, but I don't feel close to my family. My grandparents seem to like me, but I don't feel loved by them. Every time I tried to open up to them, they act like "Yeah, but it's over, let's on". It may be true, but I wish I could get a hug and be able to cry in someone shoulders without feeling I have to be perfect around them. I dropped out of school when I was 16 because the bullying was affecting my health (heart issues and suicidal thoughts) and although they accepted way better than most people in my situation, I feel they think I'm a disappointment. I know it must be tough to see the girl you raised to turn out this way, but I swear on my life, I did absolutely everything to try not to drop out. If online school and things like that existed in my country, I would have pursued them. To look in the mirror has become so hard for me. I see the most disgusting person ever. I'm not at all the vision I had of me being 18 years old and this fucking crushes me. My day consists of waking up late, taking care of my sick cat while on the verge of a panic attack, losing myself in daydreams of a better life, rarely take care of my hygiene, talk to others while I feel like screaming inside and running away, spent all night searching the internet for some sort of hope while trying to ignore all the intrusive thoughts and go to sleep at 6 am. I just hate to sleep. I wake up with the faces and voices of jerks from schools spinning in my head and feel so drained out energy. I don't know what to do. Sometimes I try to think about cutting my wrist or throat. About having a heart attack. But honestly, I don't want to die. I want to live. Although this world is so ugly, it stills manages to create beauty and I want to experience this beauty. The only career I feel like pursuing is acting, but I know I'm not made up for it. To imagine the look on the faces of my family members when they hear that I want to go for such a difficult career after dropping out... I just can't. I was proposed a role in a tv show by a director in December, who said that he was impressed with how I mastered some acting skills people older than me don't have, but I refused. I don't regret because I know I'm not stable enough to have any sort of responsibility right now. I wasn't looking for the job btw, the director is from the same city as me and is helpful in the community, he saw me while I participated of play in a small theatre we have on here. But I'm so grateful for what he said. It's probably the only thing keeping me alive right now, to know that someone like him saw potential in me. I wish I could tell my family this as well (they only know I participated in the play because they were the ones that encouraged me to do a small thing to get out of the house), but for some reason, I'm ashamed of doing so.  Anyway, I doubt anyone will read all this shit, I just joined Reddit because I wanted someplace to express what I feel. Bye.