I've been dating my boyfriend for about a year now, but we were on and off before for years. Because of knowing him for so long I'm really not able to shake this off my mind. When we rekindled our relationship, we were long distance. I remember during this time I would go down and visit him. While I was there I would periodically clean his house and do chores for him while he was gone. One day I went into the guest bathroom where I discovered Women's Garnier Frutis shampoo and conditioner. This really stuck out to me because a few weeks before I had used the same bathroom to take a bath in and it was not there. When I confronted him about it, he simply told me it was one of his friends. I accepted his answer. Only a few minutes later he showed me a picture of the shampoo and conditioner he sent to a friend (with no previous messages before) where his friend claimed it was his. When I asked why he sent that to his friend for conformation, he told me he knew I would worry about it. I got suspicious after that. I went to his Ipad where he recieves texts messages sent to as well and found the same messages to his friend. Before the picture was a text he sent saying "say this is yours". He made sure to delete that text from his phone before showing me. He swore up and down that it was one of his friends he just doesn't recall which one. All of the friends he had mentioned had not went to visit him in the time frame of us dating. And like I said before it randomly appeared. Anytime I tried to bring it up he would gaslight me and get mad. Saying I don't trust him and what not. (of course I don't he lied and tried to cover it up). I asked friends I worked with some being guys and all believed he cheated on me. I gave up ever figuring out whose it was. A few months later there was another instance where he lied to me about something serious, that he had also lied about for months. It made me prying it out of him to get the truth.  Its made me question how trustworthy he is. Jump months later (currently), we live together now. I was spending the weekend with his sisters when I found myself thinking about it and asked them both. His favorite sister whom he shares the closest bond with told me "As his sister, I'm telling you that sounds like he cheated on you." it's been months since that incident even occurred but I still don't know how to feel about it. Any advice would be helpful. He was my first love and I've fought to make this relationship work this time and the times before. I just need to know if i'm being completely oblivious.