about two months ago, i planned a dungeons and dragons campaign themed around my friends’ favorite video games and topics, and I was ready to play with them. I told them about it and was so excited to show them what I planned. I started the campaign in the gc, and only two people out of the five others replied, which I was fine with, I jsut wanted to share what I made with them, even if it was only two. The others said they didn’t know what the fuck was happening, and soon stopped texting. I’m texting continuously to keep the story going, and after 30 minutes, the two lost interest and decide to head to sleep. Okay, I let them sleep and ask if they’d like to continue in the morning. They said okay. I returned in the morning, and no answer. I text the gc and ignore the campaign, just trying to make conversation. I try to call them sometimes to hang out. Five days pass, and no reply. However, the other five continue to post on their Instagram their own gcs and FaceTime calls without me. And it feels incredibly lonely to have people ignore you. finally, they answer, but ignore all my messages and talk about something else. I left their gcs and servers, and they never bothered to add me back. I thought they’d notice or want to have me back, but no. It’s been two months. Two months. They don’t care. they call me weird and boring. the other day, I was baking some cakes and making scallion pancakes for scratch for them. I was going to drop them some of my baked goods. I wanted to talk and asked if anybody wanted to call while I cooked, and nobody answered. nobody fucking answers me anymore. but they go ahead and post their own calls and messages without me. I don’t know if I’m angrier or sadder. they just don’t listen. I played some of my music on discord but they called it depressing and lame and boring and blocked me from adding more. but they want me to. I can’t talk about anything I like with them, my problems, my fears. it’s all them, and I’m out of the group. I just feel so lonely. it’s so lonely. nobody cares. i thought they did. they don’t.