I'm almost 18 years old, and for the past 10 years I have lived in a home where parents don't love each other and it has resulted in a marriage of violence and absolute dread. My mom and dad have fought over many things that resulted in screaming matches and violence, but it is usually about my brother. My brother isn't a typical bad kid, he doesn't drink or do drugs, his grades are average, he doesn't get into any trouble, but he is very narcissistic and seemingly hates my mom. My mom is a downer, constantly griping and complaining about EVERYTHING and a lot of the times its about my brother and how disrespectful and immature he is. She complains to my dad and shifts the blame on him which results in him screaming (very, very loudly) and hitting himself. He claws his face, which leaves scratch marks all over his face and he constantly has black eyes due to hitting himself. He's hit his face so hard he needed surgery on his eye. My mom has slapped and pushed him before, he has never hit her and usually hits himself but will occasionally push her. My brother has spat on my mom, hit her, and pushes her. One time coming home from New York City, we had drinks and he threw them at my mom and started to hit her while she was driving. My parents have fought in front of family members and my friends and they have called 911 on each other to threaten each other and twice they have actually come to my house because my parents let it ring for too long. From these fights I've learned that my dad is an apparent cheater and alcoholic and I feel like I can't look at him the same. I also feel like I can't respect my mom anymore because of how she lets this fighting go on when she could leave, and I have recently found out she had read all my journals (the one place I felt like I could actually go to) and I got in trouble for what I wrote it in and she claims it was "her right" to read them. I can't look at both of my parents the same because even when they aren't fighting, they are constantly rolling their eyes at each other or acting like they want to be anywhere but with each other. These types of things happen nearly every week, but they won't get a divorce, despite being advised from family members to do so. I don't know desensitized I am anymore because when I am reading this I don't feel like it's that bad and that I shouldn't post it because I'm scared people won't feel like its that bad. But, I am at the end of my rope. I am severely depressed because I am not innocent either, and I feel like an awful person, and I don't have a will to do anything anymore. I have hit my dad before in order to stop him from screaming because I couldn't take it anymore, I have pushed my mom in order for her to get out of the room because she REFUSES to quit fighting once it starts. When it gets violent in my house, I get violent too, and I feel so incredibly awful about it that I just want my life to end. I have become a violent person. I can't even listen to yelling in a movie because it gives me extreme anxiety because it reminds me of my dad. I have completely lost respect for my parents. I got into a relationship when I was 15-16 years old and my boyfriend mistreated me badly, and I would blow up and rage like my parents would when he wouldn't stop. I would be vile and hurtful and even though he treated me bad it wasn't right of me to do that either. My only hope is to go to a college far away and distance from myself, but I'm scared of that being a bust too and I'll have nowhere to go.