Okay, so it's 4 a.m and I've been struggling to think of how to start this. I guess the best place to start is just by saying that I've come to terms with the fact that I'm not okay. The people in my life tend to ask me if I'm feeling alright and I say yeah. You know, like a liar. In all honesty I feel little to nothing anymore, and the few times I do feel anything it's miserable. Maybe I'm just making it up for attention, that's what I tell myself when I'm up past late with no intention on doing anything with myself. But sometimes it really doesn't feel like I am y'know? I mean I still laugh, and I still smile, but it doesn't feel the same as it did three years ago. It's feels more hollow. Nothing bad even happened to me. Sure I had a bad breakup but other than that my life's been great: I'm in the top 5% of my graduating class, I've just confirmed my admission to college, and I have friends and family who love and support me. So why do I feel empty? I feel worse just thinking about it. I should be grateful for what I got, but instead I'm crying at 4 a.m and ranting to no one. It's pathetic. I have no idea how to fix it, or make myself feel not so empty. I've tried making new friends but I always get too attached and they always leave. I've tried writing and drawing but most of the time I can't even make the effort to do so. Those we're the few things that brought me joy and I can't even bring myself to finish pieces I started weeks ago. The only thing I do anymore is just lie in bed and scroll on Instagram and Reddit. I know it's bad but I just can't bring myself to do nearly anything anymore. I just lie there, feeling nothing. Doing nothing. The only way I can really describe how I feel is by the title of this post; there's a tar pit in my stomach, in my chest, that won't go away. It just leaks and gets everywhere and I can't clean the mess up. It hurts but I can't make it stop.  I don't really know how to. I wanna feel whole again but I can't remember the last time I really did. The tar keeps spilling out, marking everything black, and I just...let it.