Look, I really have been trying my hardest and I know that you're trying to give me the best of your doubt, but I'm no different. I'm the same shitty neglectful person he was and my insecurity and inadequacy all arises from there. I don't want to be him, but I am. I fucking hate every bit of it. I'm never going to be good enough for you and you'll realize one of these days. Hell, I think you're already beginning to find out and that terrifies me. I know in the end, it has to happen - you have to recognize me for the impossible partner you seem to otherwise see as a possibility. I dread that day even if I know it must come. I've never been good enough for anyone and you will be no different. I will have loved you with all my heart and then some, but when it comes down to it, my best just simply isn't good enough. You deserve so much better and I've told you plenty of times that seeing me as the one who's "too good" for you is not true. I don't do enough, you've just never seen substantial effort. I don't love you enough, you've just never had someone express their love in the correct way to you. I don't have really any good qualities besides apathy when I need it, but that doesn't help anyone but myself. I know you'd be better off without me, and I've felt that way for a long time, but I'm also just so scared to lose you. You are without a doubt the best thing that's ever come into my life and I will never forget you, nor will I ever forget how much I've wanted everything with you. I wanted life with you. But it's become evident that I'm simply not good enough to be anything for you. I was a fun fling that was only bringing you down in the end. Mistakes here and there, even more than him most the time. I don't know why I thought I could be any better. I'm just an impostor; a poser. He did a better job than me without even trying. Maybe you should have gotten back together with him. What have I done to you? I'm so sorry I make you feel these ways, I'm too selfish to be with anyone.