My mom doesn’t know what it means to have healthy emotional boundaries with me. She’s always telling me how she’s going to kill herself and she describes it in the most gruesome ways. I don’t know if it’s my place to talk about this but she struggles with an eating disorder and I don’t think she realizes that it’s also affecting me because she forces herself to sleep all day long and then wakes up at 10pm and makes dinner and doesn’t eat it but I have to sit there and eat and feel guilty. I am perfectly capable of cooking and feeding myself, I do it during the day while she’s asleep but if I don’t eat what she cooks she gets upset and threatens suicide. My dad is at work from 2pm-3am so he doesn’t know it’s like this. She’s also constantly comparing the amount of food I eat to how much she eats and always makes me feel bad about my body. I’m recovered from anorexia myself so it’s very triggering but she doesn’t care. I feel bad for thinking this but I wonder if it’s just attention seeking? She just says things out of the blue to get a reaction out of me and our family. One time she asked me to make a suicide pact with her. That was pretty traumatizing. I have no actual bond with her, or my dad even. My mom cares about her eating disorder and being miserable and my dad cares about work and trying not to abandon us. It’s just so stressful for me. I feel sympathy for her but there’s only so much I can take. I won’t lie, it really hurts to not have a healthy mother figure. And when I open up about my own issues she calls me selfish or belittles me. I’ve gone through two really bad breakups this year and I kept the entire relationship and breakups from her. I realize teenage relationship are kinda naive and silly but still, I wish I could’ve had her comfort me and I wish I could trust her with my personal life. I deal with a lot of internalized homophobia and I have an anxiety disorder and depression and I’ve attempted suicide before and she doesn’t even care. I feel like a crybaby, it could be a lot worse but I’m just upset for myself and that I’m not in a better situation right now.