Why is it that I keep letting myself get hurt time and time again. After an on again off again relationship in my senior year i thought maybe i had learned how not to get hurt. However 6 months after I graduated I got together with a girl I dated in middle school, i figured we had both grown since she ended things. Things were going great I was happy. I was looking for a job and trying to get my license, I was poor and didn't have many opportunities to get it in school or after. Once I had a job and my license I thought things would be great. I was also going to a tech school at this time and she had a full time job so we didn't have a whole lot of time to spend together but we talked every day and night for hours. One day she tells me she needs to distance herself from everyone except her son and direct family. She got off Facebook I let her have her space and just waited for her. This went on for a few weeks and she messages me telling me she needs more time and asks if I'm okay waiting for her to straighten out her life. We were both right out of high school so I agreed. A month later I was scrolling through Facebook and find that she's now in a relationship with some random guy she barely knew. That hurt and at the same time I'm juggling school and a full time job. I keep my distance still and don't say anything. Another week goes by and she starts talking to me about the guy she just broke up with at this point. I'm an idiot and fall right back into thinking maybe I have a chance to be happy. So we start hanging out when we can and things are looking good. She starts going to school and is working too. At this point she still has me waiting on her I've been working for about 8 months now getting 40+ hours a week sometimes 50+ while still going to school 10+ hours a week. The next week she walks into my work to shop with her new boyfriend who was a friend of mine in high school. Ouch again. Now I'm hurting and disappointed remembering that she broke up with me in a note in middle school. (She had a friend give it to me while she was out of town for a club activity). Anyway there I am crushed not only because she was seeing someone else but also because she strung me along for about a year telling me I was the best person she knew and how glad she was to have me in her life. I finally gave up and ended up moving a couple hours away am going to college online full time and still working full time and partially miserable while she is married to the guy and happy. Why do I always get hurt when I always try to be the best person I can be?