I mean that. I'm not an antinatalist by the way I think that belief is a bit ridiculous, I just think my mother and my father are two people who should have just never had children. My mother, a depressive personality type that couldn't handle her emotions so she let out her anger in passive aggressive ways; my father, a narcissistic personality who cared only about himself and couldn't fathom how to love his children. I came out a complete mess. I see a little of both of them in myself and I absolutely hate it. I can't stand it. My mother torments my brother with major depressive disorder and most likely addiction to technology. She believes in a "get over it" kind of mentality. My father is kind of the same, but worse. He acts like he cares bit his actions show the complete opposite. He always has to make something about himself, guilt tripping everyone to get what he wants. I see my brother and how much he suffers, but I feel like I can't do anything. My other brother, a very quiet person, he is well off but I can only imagine what he may be going through. He's a very quiet person, I never know how he's feeling. My family has always been very surface level, I almost never know what anybody is truly thinking. Just keep up with appearances. I've never been taught how to have a healthy, open relationship. No wonder I feel completely alone. They have ruined me. I was happy when they got divorced when I was 12. It was very clear they weren't happy even though they pretended to be. No wonder I dont trust what I see. No wonder I dont trust what people tell me. Yes, I have trust issues. I'm one of "those" I guess. I break off friendships before they even start because I think they'll end up leaving me, or they never really liked me to begin with so what's the point. I'm a completely ruined human. My mom even admitted they were having problems before having 3 children. I guess she thought 3 having kids would magically make things better. No, mom. You just have 3 kids who are now fucked up. You knew my dad was a manipulative asshole, yet you fucked him at *least* 3 times. Why did you leave *after* ruining 3 innocent children's lives. Fuck you. Fuck dad, for being one of the biggest bigots alive. You give me all your shitty problems and leave me to suffer. Fuck. You.