So I have a couple of friends, and I'm super close with both of them. They were in a relationship that lasted about a year and a half before breaking up. I've been close friends with the guy since I was like 11 (I'm 21 now) and I started talking and becoming really good friends with the girl a couple months before the two of them got together. Throughout their relationship things were kinda rough for them,we live in a small town and the guy moved to a city, not a crazy for drive but very difficult with busy schedules. This was the girls first relationship because she has very strict parents and she can be very emotional, she is adopted and has been through hell before her adopted family, but when her parents found out that she was dating they basically kicked her out of their family and she ended up coming to my work because she was freaking out and didnt know what to do, things are much better with her family now but all of this was too much for my friend because he had just moved and was juggling a job, schooling, and other personal problems. What ended up happening was whenever the girl had a problem she would tell me about it, I ended up becoming the person she could turn too when she needed help and she was there for me when I needed someone to talk to. She even told me things that she wouldn't tell her bf because we spent so much time together. I've never really been one for sharing but with her I just feel comfortable opening up with her. I've also never been one for dating, I had a rough relationship in highschool and everytime I find a girl I like things just go south fast so I stopped trying, but after my two friends broke up, me and the girl were having some drinks and I was helping her get over her breakup (she was pretty upset about it) and I sorta realized that all the problems that she had with her bf we mostly things that I was there to make up for... if that makes any sense, like she would want her bf to go grocery shopping or to just go for walks and things like that with her and those were the sort of things that we would do when we would hangout. She even would make an offhand comment after they broke up like "sometimes I wish you made the first move" and I dont think either of us have any plans of getting into a relationship with each other because of the fact that we're really close as friends and because her ex is my friend, but fuck a part of me really wants it. This is a really complicated time in my life and I know that making a move will just make everything worse. She's usually the person I would go to with this sort of thing but I felt like it would be a bad idea to bring it up to her haha. If anyone even bothered to finish reading my rambling I hope you enjoyed I guess, just writing it down actually helped me more than I thought it would.