Hey, so I’ve been kinda confused on how I feel. I literally wanna just blame it on hormones (f16) but I’m not sure if it’s something deeper. I always feel kind of lonely or agitated or something but never just content. There’s probably a few things that play into this. When I was 5, I saw my dad walk out on me. Of course I didn’t understand this and I didn’t for most of my childhood. I’m not saying I didn’t have a good childhood, mine was great and I’m so thankful for my mom. I went to my grandmas house basically every day and grew up with her and her dogs. When I was 14 or 15 my half sister (related by our dad) moved down here and so I also got to see her every day because she also went to my grandmas. When I was 15 I started to not eat and actually enjoyed it because I noticed I was losing weight. 6 days after my 16th birthday, my sister told me she had a present for me and to open it with caution. Honestly, I thought it was a dumb drawing or something and didn’t really bother to open it until she went home. So turns out it’s a two page letter from my dad, who I have had no contact with for 11 years. He never sent cards or anything. He said he loved me and he’s sorry and he wants to see me. It was life changing, and I was frustrated. It felt like I had finally gotten over him and I was as comfortable with not seeing him again. I freaked out, but didn’t tell my grandma because this is her son and she has a habit of trying to control things that aren’t any of her business. So as the days go on I find myself confused, angry, and on the verge of tears all the time. I didn’t really have anyone to talk about it with because I didn’t want to stress my parents and I dont want to stress the few friends I have. I ended up talking to my history teacher about it and his advice worked for a while but now I feel stuck. It’s been almost 5 months and there hasn’t been much progress. My grandma ended up finding out and basically blamed my mom for all of this but refuses to really talk to her about it. She doesn’t pick me up from school anymore and I haven’t seen her or my sister in a while. Ever since that night I have been lowkey constantly agitated and would rather sleep or mind my business. Not to say I don’t want to hang with my friends, but it’s like I could also just sleep and be perfectly fine with that. On top of all this, I really crave a deep connection with someone. Not that I’m desperate for a boyfriend or anything, but I’m starting to wonder if it’s something I’m doing. I’m bigger and mixed so I’m not everyones type and I understand that. But I’m nice to everyone and funny for the most part. I haven’t even held hands with a guy. A few months ago I realized I had never been called pretty (or complimented in general) by a guy before. Everyone I know has had at least one relationship. I don’t even need a relationship, just a deep friendship would be nice. Anyways. I’ve thought about maybe going to counseling to get a better understanding of my feelings but I don’t want to stress my parents and make them think they can’t help me. I don’t know what to do and I feel like I’m not going anywhere with my life.