Buckle up this might be long. I guess I will just start at the beginning. I was sexually abused when I was very young. I was raped by my boyfriend when I was 15 and subsequently had a child from that assault. In 2002 I was in a car accident that left me with chronic back and neck pain. I had a series of shitty relationships until I met my husband. We have been together for 16 years and no it has not been perfect. We moved to the state we live in in 2011 and it has been a fucking nightmare since then. Everything changed when we moved here.  We finally were starting to get to a good place. Feb of 2018 I got sick. Thought it was a cold, no biggie right. Well it never went away. My doctor tried so many drugs  to make it go away and it didn't help. I was so sick I passed out in the shower from these coughing fits. So she referred me to a pulmonologist . I was put on breathing treatments and steroids. When those things didn't help they did labs on me and low and behold I was severely anemic. They told me I needed to take the results and go back to my doctor. At this point its July and I can't even walk  up my stairs without being completely  out of breath. Doc says well take some iron and we will re-evaluate in September. I went and did my labs and never heard back from the office. I left messages with no response. On Christmas eve of 2018 I saw this bright light in my left eye for about 30 minutes and then had the worst migraine of my life. I had what is called an aura migraine. It lasted 32 days. I went to see a different doctor who took one look at me and my labs and sent me to a hematologist. Within the week I had to get two iron infusions. My hair started falling out and became very weak as did my fingernails. It really has not been a pleasant experience especially because I already had pain issues. I have become so depressed that I have seriously considered suicide and the only thing that has kept me from taking action are my two children. I could not bear the thought  of me causing them serious heartache like that. I would like to think that I have kept a pretty tight seal on all of these thoughts but a few days ago I chipped my front tooth ( not badly but it was the icing on the cake for me) I had an anxiety attack  that lasted four hours.  I feel like such a burden. Like I am always wrong. Like I am invisible to everyone unless they need something. I got physically sick and went to the doctors because I only had expired anxiety medication. They are sending me to see a psychiatrist. I told my husband last night all the things I am writing here and just wept. I feel like God hates me. I have had very little happiness in my life. I think I am a good person. I help people when needed and I am always taking care of others. I am so over it at this moment. I thought maybe if I wrote it out that maybe it would make me feel a little better. If you have made it this far , thanks for reading.