This is a hard thing to explain, but I feel I need to do so with someone. When I was younger and first came out as bisexual (17M at the time) I did so to my best friend (BF). He supported me and came out that he was gay too. My family are quite conservative socially, so this was a part of me that I had kept hidden so well that I only realised when we were talking about “gay” things. Anyways he was what I thought was supportive, but I think in hindsight he was making me dependent on his friendship and manipulating the fact that he knew my deep secret. It started off playful, grabbing my ass at school etc. nothing that boys don’t do anyways, but eventually he jokingly, or what I thought was jokingly, said he wouldn’t talk to me till I sent him photos of my penis. Then he started to not talk to me for a week and a bit. Eventually I caved in wondering what harm could happen. The manipulation escalated to the point that when I went to the movies with a group of friends he would grope me and grab my penis, while I would constantly squirm or move his hand or myself out of the way. I didn’t say anything and I don’t know why. All of a sudden he lost interest in me, and ditched me. Fast forward a month or so, and two friends who were a couple had just broken up. I learnt that the reason why was that the BF, let’s say F2, had been sexually harassing his gf and my friend, F3. Upon hearing this I immediately cut ties with F2 which was an incredibly unpopular move. All my friends asked me why I was so offended, after all it wasn’t me who had been harassed in their words. I didn’t want to tell them that it was because of the unwanted advances of my former BF, I was still in the closet. So I made a horrible mistake and made up a  fictional friend who I knew who had committed suicide because of being sexually assaulted. I did know someone who had tried to commit suicide due to sexual assault but I didn’t know them anymore. I guess I just needed to defend myself for no good reason really, I should have just stood by my morals in general not attribute some event to why sexual assault is so horrible but I did. It haunts me because my friends told my parents about this story and I was forced to go to counselling and expand this fiction. I continued lying for so long sometimes it feels like it did actually happen.