I'd spend my life trying to prove you wrong. I'd do anything in my power to show you that what you think of me isn't true. I can't handle this brick wall you've built between us, and for good reason. I see what you say about me. I see your posts and all the shitty things you think I am. It brings me shame. It hurts deeper than you'd ever know to see someone I once loved and who loved me to think such terrible things. I made some bad choices with you. I know you're trying to justify it in your head by putting whatever label you can find for it. I am not a label. I am not a walking illness or poison. I am a complicated human with thoughts, feelings, regrets and reasons. Sometimes, there is no reason. Sometimes I'm just fucked up and angry and make stupid choices that are hurtful to the ones I love. Sometimes I'm so locked up in my own head that it would take an army to bring those walks and doors down. I do not revel in the fact that I hurt you, or continue to hurt you by reaching out. You think I reach out because I wanna see you tremble and be afraid. You think I reach out because I want control. I could see how you'd think that. But the true reason is because you were my best friend, my favorite person, a person who gave me understanding where no one else did. I am not done unfeeling monster. You think that because you know I shouldn't be contacting you, but how do you let someone like you go? How do you handle abandonment when it's your fault? All I wanted was you. I idolized you. I respected you and your thoughts, opinions, and the things you helped me with. When I felt you turn on me, I turned on you too, I lashed out, and I made it this way. I regret it. I hate it. I hate seeing how you view me now, and what you think I'm trying to do to you. You dont ask me, you dont try to understand. You were abused so everything I do must be abusive, right? No. If you only knew. If you knew the immense amount of guilt and regret i feel. If you knew what i really thought and what I was actually doing instead of assuming things because you're hurt. You dont know. When my body is twisting into knots that i cant eat. When i cant leave my house because I'm suicidal and depressed. You think I'm out here dating 50 people and fucking? No. I barely have energy to speak to the people in my life. I post here, I scroll facebook. I dissociate. I think of you. I think of how much I hate myself. If you only knew. If you knew what I actually felt or thought instead of assuming I'm just trying to destroy you. If you only knew why I can't let go. But you never will. You'll continue to post out here thinking I'm  narcissist and a sociopath and a psycho because you need those labels to understand. You're not a therapist. You can read your books to back up what you already think. And of course it would, when you're seeking validation, anything that relates makes sense. I can tell you it goes so much deeper than you could imagine. I'm a complicated human being, not some example in someone's psychology book. There are traits I have I'm ashamed of that need changing. There are things about me I'm not proud of. I'm sorry you had to witness those. And best believe I'm not sitting out here oblivious or laughing about having these traits. I was a work in progress when you met me. I regressed. That doesn't mean I'm the same person I ever was. I'm trying to change. I'm trying to be better. But when you're out here trying to destroy the progress of someone who simply wants to be ok, what kind of person does that make you? I loved you at one point. I lived for you and my world revolved around you. And you gave what you could, until the end. Then you started accusing me of things. Then you started believing people who you've told me have lied. Then you got back together with someone who abused you and cheated on you. Do I look like I've moved on? Do I look like I'm happy? Open your eyes. If you only fucking knew.