I know it's cliche and at this point annoying to complain about being lonely on valentines day, but I feel this way every day. Today it just feels worse and I want to get some of this out. All of the friends I made at college have moved on, I go to a community college and they've all transferred/graduated already. The only person I still get to talk to is a girl I've been into for a long time now, but she rejected me. She's both my biggest source of happiness, and my biggest source of pain. Every time we talk it's kind of bittersweet. Every time we hang out it's like ripping open a wound, but I don't want it to close. I'm not under the impression that some day she'll magically change her mind, that's not why I still talk to her. It's because she's a genuinely good friend, and also the only one I have left. I go to school and enjoy my time there. I've started going to the gym to lose weight because I'm about 100 pounds heavier than I was when I graduated high school, and it's more time where I don't have to be lonely at home. I feel like everything I do is to distract me from this empty feeling I have when I'm alone and when I get home it all rushes back to me at once. The things I used to enjoy like browsing reddit, playing videogames, watching movies etc have become something I need to put in an effort to do. I want to do them to distract myself from this feeling, but I'm just not interested. I have 51 games installed on my Xbox right now. A year ago I would have been excited to play any one of them. Now I don't know how to express the way I feel except "meh". I get no enjoyment out of them. I get no enjoyment watching movies/TV on Netflix, I get no enjoyment from almost anything I do when I get home. The only thing that makes me really happy at this point is when I'm at school and I'm around people and I make them laugh. I work at the school as well, and my favorite part of every day is cracking jokes with my coworkers and making them laugh. Or buying presents for them and seeing their smiles. I also feel like there's nobody to talk to about this. I don't feel like I can talk about this to my family, I definitely cant talk about this to my only friend left, and I'm left with nothing but holding it in. I also don't really want to talk about it. I don't want to feel that vulnerability, hence the throwaway account.