It’s almost been a year since my best friend broke my heart. Me and her met at a concert and just hit it off we flirted for a while and then she unexpectedly started dating someone else. We stayed in touch and became very close best friends I talked to her about everything in my life the good and the bad. Even after she was dating this guy we would still hang out and we always had a flirty thing between us and eventually I became head over heels in love with her. She eventually broke up with him and we started flirting again we went to a concert together right after they broke up and I wanted to kiss her but I didn’t want it to be a rebound thing or just a one fuck off. I will say that I had chances in the past that I could have told her how I felt but I made excuses for myself to not tell her because I was terrified and scared that I would tell her how I felt and she wouldn’t feel the same and it would destroy our friendship. So we go to a event with some our friends and out of nowhere she tells me that she has had feelings for me our entire friendship and that she was shocked that nothing had happened with us in the past. I was so caught off guard that I just kind of got word vomit, I told her everything I poured my heart out to her and pretty much told her I was in love with her without actually saying “I love you” and I said that I saw a future with her. I don’t know if i just said to much or if she just got scared but she almost immediately pushed me away and started throwing another guy that she had just met like a couple weeks prior in my face. She did a bunch of other shit that I don’t really want to get into but she did everything she could to hurt me and destroy our friendship, it’s like I told her how I felt and she self sabotaged our relationship and any chances of us have a romantic relationship. I have real self confidence issues from years of bullying and me opening up and expressing my feelings for her was the single hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. She has since apologized and said that she wasn’t interested in doing long distance and that she has discovered that she is polyamorous and she didn’t want to hurt me, but it’s too late. I have talked about it in therapy till my fucking head turns blue and I’ve tried everything from completely cutting contact from her to deleting all of my social media so that I don’t have to be reminded of her but nothing works. Like I was never a big dater growing up so I always thought that the first girl I fell in love with would be the one and now I’m having to completely rethink my entire ideology on this. I can’t even talk to anyone about it anymore because they are just tired of hearing about it so now I just lay in bed staring at the dark ceiling wonder why she did these things or how things might have been different if I just wasn’t such a coward. I’m afraid that she was the love of my life and I missed out. But everyone keeps telling me that it is just going to take time and I need to start dating other people so I did, I’ve been dating this girl for two months and she’s cool and funny but I just don’t have that spark with her that I had with the other girl. I’m now trapped in a situation where I have a girl that hurt me who I can’t get over and a new girl that I don’t want to hurt but I just don’t know if I see a future with her which has been fucking me up cause the last thing I want to do is hurt this new girl. I’m just so fucking tired like mentally exhausted, I just want to feel normal and happy again but my brain just won’t stop. I just needed to vent and maybe get some advice.