I am 17. Just turned earlier in March. I’m in college early with a program. I have a job. I’m not ugly. I have a lot of ‘friends’. My family cares about about me somewhat. However, I can’t help but be so unhappy. So devastatingly crushes by even the thought of having to endure year and years of this kinda stuff. I have to follow a dream that I fucking hate at this point because my mother expects it from me. And not in a forcing and manipulative but a nice and hopeful way which makes it harder to say no. I can sing, I can act but I can’t pursue what I’d like because if this reason. And no I can’t just ‘follow my dreams’ like all my stupid ass friends tell me because that’s not going to work. I have a crippling fear of disappointing the people that I care about and just thinking about going against my mom and making my dad cry makes me wanna kms. Not to be mean but most of my family has been disappointments. Not caring about school and letting multiple amazing opportunities slip through their fingers, so me, who has been doing good most of my life, is expected to do good. Expected to achieve. I hate it. Why can’t I be able to the one to disappoint. I did like the dream at one point but now I don’t care. I don’t care about school. Don’t care about doing hw. Don’t care about studying. Don’t care about putting in effort. It’s just too much. I I’m starting to feel stupid. Chemistry is kicking my ass and I can’t accept it. I don’t want to because I have so much more of it to come. That scares me. Maybe it’s because I didn’t put any effort in, and skipped a bunch of classes but damn. It wasn’t this hard last time, or the time before that. Anyways. I also am so stupid and unsocial. Like I can talk to people and to people on the outside I’m a fairly social people. Well use to be. I will literally avoid people. Or just sit by myself. Or ignore their calls. I don’t know why. I kinda want to talk to them but my brain tells me to do it. Its also really hard for me to ask for help. Any kind of small help, big help. Anything. It scares the hell out of me and I just let stuff pass me by like a dumbass. To wrap this all up, I just wanted to be able to spill everything out. Thank you for your time.