I apologize in advance as I wrote this at 4 in the morning after 4 shots of tequila and it’s probably not as good as I could have written it, but I just have to get it out now. Years ago, during the beginning of my sophomore year in high school school, I had an acquaintance/friend from Accel Chem. We weren’t terribly close but we talked now and again. It was only a month or two into the beginning of the year and we only knew each other from that one class. We didn’t speak everyday but now and again, about exes/past experiences/whatever stupid things high schoolers make conversation about. One friday we were in class and we made eye contact from across the classroom. She looked at me for a second then looked down, almost like she had something on her mind. It was almost the end of class so I was inclined to catch up to her in the hall and ask if she was alright or if she had something on her mind, something not unlike something she had once asked me before (long story short, typical high school things that might upset someone). But for whatever reason, maybe I felt too tired that day, maybe I had other things on my mind, but I figured I would just save it for another day. Besides, if it was anything consequential at all I could just talk to her about it another time. But there wouldn’t be another time. That was the last day I would ever see her alive. She killed herself later that day. But that last thought I had back when I’d seen her alive, that stayed in my mind a long time. For the first few years I brushed it off, but for the past year or two it’s been on my mind more and more often. If I had just said something that day, would she still be alive today? That’s a question I’m never going to know the answer to. I don’t know if I’m just being illogical and blaming myself for something not in my control, but the thought hasn’t left my mind. Anyway, I just had to get it out, it’s been growing inside of me the longer I hadn’t said something. Idk what I hoped to achieve by making this post, but I can only hope that it has some semblance of a positive impact on someone somewhere. Know the signs of depression, please, and if someone you know seems to be in a bad place, talk, listen, be there for them. I don’t know how else to end this but thanks for listening to my story.