I absolutely hate living at home with my eldest sister. I resent her so much for everything she has done to my family. Ever since I have returned home from college I am seeing more why I was so unhappy at home, it is because of her. She is in her late 30s and has not had a job in over a decade. She refuses to sleep or wake up at a regular time. She complains about the minimal chores my parents ask her to do (which is just cleaning and cooking). She has become an entitled fucking brat. Over a decade of this shit and putting my parents in a stressful position to the point of them giving up on her since the thought of her raises their blood pressure. They don’t have the heart to kick her out nor listen to my advice when I tell them give her discipline/consequences if she refuses to do what they ask her. They believe she is too old for that. I do understand that she probably does suffer from depression or other mental health issues, but that fact that openly refuses to see therapy does not help. I was too young to help out this family in the past and now that i’m old enough to support myself I am too late to fix anything. She refuses to listen to me as she will always see me as the younger sibling and does not want to listen to my parents because she believes i’m the one telling them what to do. In reality they have been trying for over a decade but she refuses to start acting her age. Every little fucking thing she does is so frustrating. She is a bum and refuses to do anything meaningful or get help. My parents aren’t willing anymore to do anything since it just stresses them out. Now I’m stuck here in this toxic situation until I move out. Part of me wants just ignore her like my parents do, but the other half wants me to fix this. I don’t want her to waste my parents retirement funds like she’s been doing for so long already.  It has been over a decade since she has earned 1 fucking dollar. I refuse to help her the future for all the shit she has put us through, she can be homeless for all I care. This is a rant, but also a cry for help because I need a fresh pair of eyes on my situation and what I can do to help them and myself.