I missed you. I’ve been very anxious the last few days, very emotional but have kept it together mostly. But tonight, I was tired. I missed you, I needed to feel like you missed me too. I needed loving welcoming arms to come home to. But from the minute I got home, you were snappy. The first thing you said to me was ‘since you’re up can you grab me a beer’... every time I got closer to you, you’d sigh. I’d ask for a kiss and you’d sigh, roll your eyes and quickly give me a peck. You grabbed your phone as soon as I was out of eyesight of it, and that’s where it got worse. I asked what you were on, you got mad I asked. You snapped at me and so I left, prepared for the fact that it was just going to be that kind of night. But I didn’t want it to be, in fact I needed the exact opposite. So I go get your beer and I go to the bathroom and get ready to shower, I text n invite you. You come but you don’t say a word. At that point I was certain it was going to be that kind of night without choice. Afterwards you apologized and things seemed okay but I still hadn’t really gotten your attention. I needed more than 5 minutes of cuddling, I needed ranting and kisses and cuddles. But you went to your game, okay that’s fine. I made your dinner and just came over to get some love while it was cooking. I could tell you were annoyed but you held yourself, until the dog jumped up. You pushed her off and I asked why, to where you snapped again and said “us both” needed to stop. As soon as you raised your voice, I jumped up and ran to the kitchen. Teary eyes and my hands in a ball to my chest. I just wanted love, but you were obviously not feeling it. So, it made me sad. At that point, I was just sad. Sad because I had wanted nothing but genuine time and attention with you, but you were only getting annoyed and snapping at me. I brought you your dinner, and I sat behind you with tears running down my face, scrolling through Facebook just pretending like everything was fine. Because I didn’t want to say anything, the last thing I wanted was for you to get more angry. Eventually you got off your game to “have dinner”, usually that means you’re coming to spend time with me so I was partially relieved. But then you dove right into conversation with a different friend on a different app. And once again, I just sat there in a overflowing ball of tears. Not because I was angry but because I was just sad. Because I just wanted time with you and wanted you to want time with me, but it just wasn’t happening. You seemed to not want much to do with me. But since you were closer you finally saw me crying and so you asked me what was wrong. I didn’t want to tell you because I knew somehow it would end in a fight. But after telling you nothing 15x I finally did. I told you everything I was feeling and why and what was going on in my head. I told you I felt like I was fighting for your attention and it really sucked because I just wanted to have time with you but couldn’t get it without it being a fight. But you didn’t say anything at all, you held me which of course calms me down. But I needed you to talk out everything I just told you, I needed you to hear what I was saying. Y’all out why I was upset and tell me your half of your actions. And when I told you just being held didn’t do anything for me, it was your breaking point. You got up and acted like none of it even mattered. You put in your headphones and you just let me cry right next to you, while I was literally telling you I was just sad because I needed to feel loved. I should’ve left them but I always say something. I always try to make you understand. But you kept focusing on all the wrong parts. Yes I said I was upset that you were going to talk to Robert and not me, but no that’s not the big picture. Yes I said that wasn’t what made me cry, I had been crying since you snapped about the dog but that wasn’t the big picture either. The big picture was all night long, I’ve needed you. I’ missed you. I just wanted a little big of us time to recharge me. But, you didn’t get that. Or I don’t know, I guess you just don’t care. And see I don’t like saying that because I don’t like thinking you don’t care about how you make me feel. But in your own words, “it’s not your problem”. And that is why I tell you nothing when you ask me what’s wrong. Because that is exactly what I’m terrified of. You won’t understand, you’ll get mad, and you’ll say it’s not your problem. I’m not new to you telling me that. Tonight I just got sad because I wanted to come home to your open arms but the exact opposite happened. So now it’s midnight, we’ll go to bed facing away from each other for the night. And I’ll get up tomorrow to leave all day again and come home and. It doesn’t matter. Because it’s not your problem. And I just have to deal with it.