this is a sad story. i go to college and i live in an apartment building right next to campus. This building houses mostly families and a minority of students. i chose this place because of the proximity to campus basically saying it’s not nice at all... well i live on the 6th floor and the people above me are a little bit of nightmare. in the past i’ve called the police on them, for a domestic violence conflict and everyday it sounds like they are moving heavy furniture back and forth. so long story short a woman was screaming stop please over and over and the guy would tell her no she’s a fucking b, wh*** etc. so i called the police then and nothing really happened i think the man might’ve been taken away that night.. i hope. of course i felt bad but forgot after. well last friday night it started again, so i called right away because i didn’t want anything to happen to the woman. I could hear the woman saying stop and loud like groaning noises like she’s getting hurt. well while i was on the phone the operator is asking me normal questions, what are they saying and such and all of a sudden she states “Hold on there is an emergency”, “he fell off the balcony, do you see anyone off your balcony” at this point i’m like what the fuck??? my dog is freaking out, barking at the ceiling right where the balcony is. and she tells me she has to go. so i’m sitting there and i see my balcony railing is dented, from the mans body. at this point my friend is coming in from ordering her food and she saw him on the ground... really sad. i’m freaking out, ten police come to my apartment, they ask a ton of questions.  i fill out a statement about everything and they take photos of the balcony and i can hear them saying how it looks like he tried to get on my balcony?! and then they ask me if she was out there with him like ten times. so maybe they think she pushed him? maybe he fell?? i’m not sure. the bar goes up past the waist so it would be hard to just fall off. i think it’s possible he was threatening it and slipped. but i feel really sad about the whole situation and a bit fucked up over it. i’m paranoid about my place getting broken into where i’ve had nightmares and woken up in dead sleep to check my locks. i want to move so bad but i have my lease until july. i feel maybe i could’ve gone out there and tried to talk to them but i was scared. i feel so horrible and fucked up over it. sorry it’s long. i know nothing happened to me directly really but i can’t shake it. boyfriend said he doesn’t understand but he wasn’t there.