For background, I have been with this guy for two years, we live together, and we have a dog together. He has met my family and extended family from out of state and I have done the same with his. I love him very much and we have concluded (with help from professionals) that this behavior is caused by a sense of abandonment and loneliness from childhood. I found out about the first 2 girls mid march, I went to close the app he fell asleep playing on and plug his phone in as a nice gesture when a message came across screen from a girl "I don't want to lead anyone on" so I looked thinking it was probably an old friend he was giving advice to, just to ease my mind. Well it wasn't, for 3 days he had been messaging her flirtatiously, she did not seem interested but it was very obvious he was. My rage and curiosity got the best of me and I looked at another girl he had been messaging, this was also only 3 days long but full of explicit photos and videos exchanged. Hindsight, I should have kept investigating, but I was hurt and angry and woke him up and demanded an explanation and we aired things out. Three days prior we had a pretty serious conversation about commitment and furthering our relationship sometime in the near future, this made him "scared that he would lose me" that is a valid concern but why would you cheat on someone instead of making sure you don't lose them. In time I got over it and we were better than ever. We started seriously talking about moving into a bigger apartment that we picked together, not just someone moving into the other's place. One day he was in the bathroom and I was tidying up for the evening and went to put his laptop away, well the ding dong left his facebook logged in and was actively receiving messages from another girl again. This time I was done, I barged into the bathroom and told him we are addressing this as soon as he is done. Apparently there were 3 girls that first time and he only ended it with the two i found, or this is what he told me. He swore it was the truth and after him crying and trying to explain himself, I requested we go through all social media and look into how many girls there really were. I was not proud of that moment but I needed to confirm everything. Two hours an 50 girls later I stopped going through stuff, I had been having him message these girls exactly what was happening. The sexual ones stung but were meaningless but there were a handful that had been going on for 6 months and he had used our dog as leverage to gain brownie points and he had told them far more romantic things than he had said to me in months. Those hurt. None of what he said to any of them sounded genuine and most of them he knew in high school and they said they just felt bad for him and played along so they didn't hurt feelings. Of the handful that were more serious, those girls were hurt and I felt with them, they blocked him and hopefully moved on with their lives. Since then I have been more vigilant and he has started to see his therapist again and are addressing issues. But I haven't recovered yet like last time. I just needed this off my chest.