When I first got to high school a couple of years ago, I didn’t really have that many friends and  I was kind of an outsider. Towards the second semester of freshman year in high school, there was a new guy in our classroom, and me and him instantly became good friends and had a lot in common. We immediately started hanging out and after school we would play Xbox and chill out at his house and order pizza. Our families even became friends and went on a beach trip together one summer. In high school, I didn’t have many friends so I was glad to have Atleast one good friend.   All of a sudden out of the blue, my friend starts becoming a little bit distant and acting strange. I would ask him if he wanted to hang after school and he would respond by saying that he was busy and that he and his family had to take care of some things. I kind of brushed it off and didn’t think anything of it until one day he didn’t go to school which was odd because he usually never missed any days of school, and I thought that he had been sick, so I texted  him to see if everything was ok and he never responded. fast forward a week later and he still has not returned to school and is not answering any of my text messages. I then call him once again and notice that his phone is disconnected and all his social media platforms were deleted. Me being extremely weirded out by the whole thing, goes to his house after school to check on him, and I notice that there were no cars outside. I then look through the windows to see if someone was home and noticed that there was nothing in the house and it looked as if they had moved. A couple of weeks later i then hoping that he would come back, went to his house to see if they had returned and the house was still empty and no one was there. All of a sudden i notice an old car pull up to the house and two men came out. It was around dusk and I was slightly creeped out and did not recognize the two men. They then told me that they worked with my friends dad and the  asked me if I knew the family and where they had gone. I told them that I didn’t know where they were and that they had moved. The two men then started getting hostile with me and accused me of lying and then threatened to hurt me if I didn’t give them information of where they were, they then went to their car as if they were going to pull out a weapon or something, and I noped so fast and ran like hell. To this day I’m wondering if his family worked for a drug organization and what had done to make these guys so angry, and Why would he and his family move so quickly and why did he delete all his social media platforms. This whole situation has me thinking and I hope that wherever he his, he is ok and is doing well.