Recently my mother and I got into an argument when I was very depressed but she wanted to see my daughter, I wanted to avoid the visit because I just wanted to be with my husband and daughter, they are my safe space. I went reluctantly and after about 45 minutes just really felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave. I reassured my mother multiple times you haven’t done anything wrong I’m not mad I just don’t feel good and want to go home. She then tried to keep me from grabbing my daughter and leaving and proceeded to yell at me and tell me how selfish and awful I was, “you’re a miserable person”. These days I don’t yell and my daughter is NOT familiar with that environment. She then started crying and my mom starts claiming that she’s crying because she wanted to go to the pool. I assured her that isn’t why she was crying, the yelling and arguing is too much and I needed to go. Finally she let me take her as she’s screaming at me walking out the door. We went home and played in the yard but shortly after I got a horrible text from my younger sister, I couldn’t read it but my husband did and then texted my mother and sister explaining that she is my daughter and I never have to explain to anyone when or where I’m going with her in tote. The argument should have never happened had they respected me as a mother, etc. after reading the text my sister sent I had so much rage inside me that I was shaking. I tried writing a letter to burn to release the anger but it seemed to make me more angry. I know I need to establish boundaries and I know I need to be respected as her mother. My greatest fear is that my daughter grows up and as she’s around them they fill her with false ideas about the type of person I am and she becomes confused or untrusting. It is very triggering to me for people to tell me how to raise my daughter, who to be as a mother, or when I can and can’t leave anywhere. I made an appointment with a therapist soon after this all happened and that is Wednesday, I’m hoping that brings me a lot of clarity and reassurance that I’m doing the right things.