I miss the psychiatric hospital. This is the thought my brain conjures at the end of most of my days lately. It’ll be three weeks this Friday that I went into the facility. It’s only been a week +1 day since I’ve been home, but it’s seriously felt more like a month since I’ve been out of there. These days have never felt longer. I got better at the hospital. I socialized with people like I haven’t been able to in years. I felt this acceptance that I have never felt before. I felt seen, I felt interested in, I felt cared for. Not for anyone’s gain, just because they cared. Not just by the nurses and staff, but, even more importantly at times, by the other patients, too. These people became my friends in such a short time. They would notice if I missed a group or hadn’t been around much. They’d ask me how I’m doing and cared to listen. I opened up to people, and people related. I wasn’t alone in my room in a cluttered, empty house. I’d wake up in the morning and some days a large part of my motivation to get up was just to see some of those patients and staff. Just to say good morning. To get to group and listen to everyone’s thoughts and struggles. I had a community there that I do not have at home, that I’ve never had. I became increasingly nervous as I was nearing the end of my stay, because I knew what I was going back home to. I live with my mom and my brother, who I love, but have strained relationships with, more so my brother. I care for him deeply, and I hurt for him because I know he has issues of his own. But I struggle so much to connect with him. It’s like there is always a wall up. My mom is just in survival mode all the time. She’s at work every night, making nights extra quiet and lonely. It’s like we’re all stuck in this anhedonic state here and it is just so distressing and difficult to change. I’ve kind of slipped into my old ways since being home. But I know how to deal with it better now because I learned about CBT & DBT coping skills (which I will always be able to refer to in my notebook). I have one friend who I adore but she is far away. I have my other brother and his gf, who I also adore, but who are also far. I miss the care and comfort of the hospital. I miss the people that I shared my deepest struggles with and connected to more than I did my ex-boyfriend, or my family members. I know it’s not realistic to expect the same level of attention in real life, but I’ve really struggled coming away from it and back to reality. Home just feels like a dark and depressing place. The hospital, as industrial and blank as it was, was a place of hope, motivation, and healing for me. I didn't care about the foam beds, the white walls, the bland food. None of that was all that bad, because I received the most touching amount of support and love that I have ever felt, from complete strangers.