I and my best friend haven't known each other long. I just moved to this city in July, leaving all of my other friends behind. I'm a major introvert when going someplace where I know no one, so the transition into school was completely difficult. After the first week or so, they had finally got everything situated with my transfer and were able to put me into all advanced classes. (My last school district was a lot stricter in academics than this one, plus I was in the gifted program there too along with AC classes, so everything at this school even now is easy for me.) Once again, I was in a room where no one knew me. All eyes were on me, and I was terrified. But I preserved. After a few days, I knew everyone in all my classes and had talked to them all a few times, though I was still the designated quiet kid. I went from being "in" with the so-called popular kids (mainly because they rode my bus or we had to work together in class) to eating lunch and talking with my less popular classmates. I now have a pretty much tight friend group (won't say their full names cause I don't wanna call them out) made up of M, my guy best friend (who I have feelings for), G, M's uncle who's our age (I know, weird) and A, my best friend. I love her so much. Even though she hasn't known me as long as her other friends and even though I'm insecure, damaged, weird, quiet and a loner, she still considers me her best friend. She's pretty, funny, nice, caring, amazing, and overall crazy as hell. Unfortunately, despite how I feel about our friendship, I'm still unsure. I haven't had real friends that really know me- my secrets, deepest desires, wants, needs, quirks, weird habits -in a very long time. I have lost many more friends and family than I have gained, and that plus my traumatic experiences in the past have given me major trust issues. I know she would never intentionally hurt me, and I know she will always be there for me, but I don't know. I'm sure I'm probably just being sensitive and cautious and insecure. It's just.....sometimes I feel like she'll disappear, and I don't think I could handle that. With everything I've lost lately, from friendships to social skills to sanity to happiness to memories, she has been there on my worst and best days. She has listened to my rants about my parents, my feelings, my vents about how I'm in love with my guy best friend, my random panic attack/suicide thought moments and helped me through all of it. The point is, I have lost and am losing so much. I couldn't bear to lose her too.