So a bit of context, I'm a White Male (16) now but when this story takes place I was only around 5 or 6. OK so I grew up in a pretty racist and wealthy family in the early 2000's in the south. Throughout my young life my family would constantly use racist slurs against any non white, but especially black people. But growing up in the southern town i did, it was a norm. Most of the town was white and racist.  Fast forward a few years and I was  now 5 years old celebrating my 5th bday. My parents took me to a local park after the party with a few of my friends. (Keep in mind everyone currently at this park is white)  A few hours go by and me and my friends are in the grass eating sandwiches when a black boy and girl walk up to us and start trying to talk to us. Knowing what we did at the time we responded with total hatred towards them and one of my friends I'll call Connor even said "go away and go clean the dirt off your skin." They both went crying back to their parents and they ran over to us and started yelling at us. Still being an early age we broke down but if that wasn't enough the kids mom put her hands on me and one of my friends lets call Rachel. We were sobbing our eyes out then are parents came over and the rest I don't remember well. I know technically  we shouldn't be saying those kind of words but we were children not exposed to anything but racist morals we didn't know better. Anyways here where the actual story comes in, Fast forward around 6 years later, I've changed quite a bit. I wasn't as racist, and I started diversifying my friend group, to try and become a better person. Anyways me and my friends were shopping in a mall looking for new clothing we wanted for when we went to a party later that week when, I ran into the same couple a from a few years ago, i recognize them because the dad had the tattoo on his arm as he did all those years ago. But he doesn't notice me so I keep alone my business. As were about to leave the store I hear the dad call out these words "Ey! Little cracka boy" Something within me just turned around and say "What the fuck you want Hard r" The entire section of the store goes dead silent and the family started at me in shock. I knew what I did was wrong but I kept yelling racist insults at them until they left. After that day I felt the same as I did as a young child. A racist rekt. But for some reason my friends didn't care but I wished they did.