There's nothing I can do. Everything is just too much. I find a ray of light here and there but it's like it isn't enough. I simply can't hold on to a positive streak long enough for it to matter. I see things happening and they are all so fucking hurtful. I have zero time to do anything about anything at all as everything are stuff I should have done yesterday. I can't focus on getting better mentally because of pressure everywhere, either to pay rent when I don't have a job let alone the mental stability to sustain one, to keep food in the pantry, to do this and that and it's all one tangled mess that seems to have no way out of. I can't even make sense at this point like I can't even construct a proper cry for help because it's so many different things happening at once and no one cares about it and yet everyone expects me to be fine and to care and to take care of everyone else. I can't be mad at the fact that every time, people do me wrong when I have never been anything but good. Genuinely. I'm the guy who people step on over and over and over. I can't even call on them like you're doing this and that because the only thing that will achieve will be further retaliation, which will lead to retaliation, which will lead to retaliation, which will lead to retaliation, which will lead to... So I have to suck up everything and not even complain because when you do, people never accept their fault even when you show it to them and will even in their divine stupidity not acknowledge it. So, even if I'm right, I'll always be the one who's wrong in the whole story. So I can't say anything and have to suffer as everyone else gets stuff their way and whenever I raise my voice because it'll always get to a boiling point every now and then when you lose it, they turn everything against me or even worse, brand me a lunatic and not even pay me any mind, which alone is so mentally damaging, when your own mom gives you a look that says this guy is crazy and then says you're crazy before turning her back and leaving me to deal with the latest mess she just threw my way. I haven't smoked in so long because I'm not okay, my lungs fail every now and then if I don't take care so I had to quit smoking and even though I know it's not the most constructive way out, at least I'm not doing coke or heroin like virtually every guy my age around here is. I can't cope anymore. I don't know what to do. It's like there's no future in sight, no light at the end of the tunnel. If anything there's only further shit to come. But I guess that's life right. I very seriously fear for my life. And no one takes that fear seriously, no one takes me seriously lol that's got to be the most frustrating thing ever. If I could die, I would have done it a long time ago and not even five or ten years ago. I'd do it when I was 6 and had just realized just how awful the world was. Had it right at 6, still have it right now. It's what pops up every time I try to think of a way out. But I can't. My mom would die because apparently she does love me and I know she does in her own way and I'm virtually the person keeping this place together because they need me to wake up and to contribute however little I can, because we're all we've got in this world. Each other. They wouldn't cope with the loss. I know my mom and sister better than they think I do. And I'm about to prove that to them. I had been in this past month dealing with a lot having quit smoking. I'm getting myself ready because no one took any directions nor any advice or perspective from the pot head. It had never hurt me much because I could afford not to care at the time. Dad left for his mistress, we're in a mess, mom and sis have dropped a lot unfair crap on me like they'd say things hot headed and I couldn't say much because even though I could, I knew I did fuck up by having fucked up with my education because of my stupidity in following "brothers from different mothers" who have now long since turned their backs on me. Unfairly at that as well. While I did fucked things up, no one ever mentions that I wasn't the only one, you know? Everyone points and points and points. I know of about a million different ways of having my mom and sis begging me to forgive them. I could do that. Right now. Stand up and live stream that shit. They couldn't deny it because I have evidence, so their best bet would just be to fall to their knees and beg. The same applies to my dad and to everyone else who did me wrong. I don't care. I never have. All I ever wanted was to be left alone and to do my shit. It's why I'll never shove it in their faces like you did this and that and fuck you for it. But it's got to a point where I can't do anything but walk in circles because that's what it is now. I'm not going anywhere and I'm just revolving around the same things over and over and not getting anywhere. Breaking point was a few weeks back. I had enough. I told mom she'd swallow her every word one day. She told me afterwards *what do you know of anything, you fucking junkie. Go back to your fucking pot and don't you ever dare speak to me that way again or I'll have you on streets*. That was when I came here and asked for some help for our rent bill because we were all laid off. A generous lady soul helped. I brought the money home and gave her every dime. I was suddenly given all the respect I was long due. They asked me things nicely as if I were some sort of guest in their home. What a shit stupid fucks. I love my family more than anything else, can no one ever doubt that, but they did things to me that there are just no words for. I'll never stop loving them and I'll always look after them, no matter what they do to me, I will. Because that's me. I don't care about things that need no caring for. My mom has a really bad depression, my sis struggles with her body image, even if she tries to pass off the confident vibes, I see right through her. I wrote it all down earlier today. All the plans and the after plans. I'm taking charge of this family. Just like I know I could have years ago but didn't because I thought my dad had it so I could just continue smoking in my room. I should update this in a month. Expected results are at the very least a general acceptance towards the start of a positive change and at the most the complete elimination of mom's depression and whatever else sis is niggling with, coupled with fresher and better belief systems because theirs are just shit. I want to get them up and running. Full of faith again (faithful, wow). I know I can do it because they're my family and I know how to get to their heads. They'll never see it coming lol. I want to change them so much, really revamp their entire belief system. Before going back to my old self who isn't as encouraging of others and generally doesn't care if the world dies tomorrow or not as much as it'll be on show for the next month or so. It's going to be my revenge for everything they did to me. Help them, then show them how stupid they were before going back to that self whom they thought a nobody and despised/didn't take into consideration and just laugh at them every time I leave the room for the toilet or for food like wtf I told was gonna happen you dumb fucks. I have no time for much. My mind is a mess now. I don't have time for positive because I don't believe in it. I'd rather have the truth over anything else and we all know what the truth really is.