Since I live alone, my wonderful friends are allowing me to stay with them during the “stay at home” order so that I wouldn’t get too depressed. Maybe it’s because I’m trapped or in an environment that’s not mine that these feelings are popping up. In early 2019, I was the target of a stalker shortly before making the move to the island I live on now. It wasn’t so bad at first, I knew I felt a little scared but I could brush it off. I only ever told one friend but I told her when it was still just “some obsessive dude”, it wasn’t bad yet and I hadn’t talked to anyone since. It’s not even that his harassment or control got worse, the way I handled it did. It wasn’t until moving here that things got worse. Before this I could ignore his texts or calls, I never blocked him because he made a point of telling me where he was/what he was going to do and the consequence of blocking him would be not knowing. After moving here, I would shake when his number (or any number that looked similar-and I learned there are A LOT) popped up on my phone. I would leave public places, gatherings, or just excuse myself to the bathroom/private area. After his last call in which he wanted me to talk him off the ledge, it stopped. He hasn’t contacted me in months but now all of this is surfacing. I got drunk the other night with a guy I’ve been spending time with. The next day he kept making jokes that the government must be looking for me. I guess I made very clear all night that I was terrified. He said I kept making sure doors were locked, windows were shut, and I freaked out when he found me on Instagram. I don’t have my real name anywhere online but I guess I let him take my phone to find me. That was the first time it’s been that bad. Since that night, I’m seeing figures at the door, my heart is constantly pounding, last night it felt like someone was on top of me the entire time, and everything is making me jump. One of my temporary roommates is extremely depressed and anxious, the other is terrified of this whole situation. I can’t talk to them about it and, with the state of everything, I can’t seek out a therapist.. Not that I could afford one. I’m stuck here and it’s starting to feel very real and I’ve really never been this scared. This is way too long and, I’m sorry, I’m not great at articulating my feelings but maybe someone else is experiencing something similar? I’m leaving the house every day to exercise and get fresh air. I’m playing instruments and socializing with my friends that are here. I feel like I’m doing what I can for my own health but maybe there’s more to it.