When i was 5 years old my mother and father got divorced. About a year later she started dating this man. He was in the military and he was a taxi driver. My father and mother shared joint custody of me and my sister and brother. My father always told us to stay away from him because he was dangerous. We did. But my aunt passed away 7 years later. So my cousin her daughter had to come live with us. She and my mothers boyfriend clicked pretty much instantly he was really nice to her so me and my siblings started conversing with him that was the biggest mistake of our lives because what that lead to next was definitely not what I had expected. He started tickling us and taking us out for chocolate at night and stuff i never thought anything of it though i just thought he was being nice. It started escalating though he would be tickling us and would grab our breast and ask if we wanted him to rip it off. Us as in me my cousin and sister. So we told my mother what was happening and she told us that he would never do something like that. After that happened everything just got worst. But there was this particular night that changed my life forever. I was at the movies with my friends it was one of my friends birthday’s so her mother was dropping me home and we saw my mothers boyfriend on the rode so my friends mother said that since he was going home i can go with him. I didn’t think anything of it though although i never rode in a car with him alone I would always ride with my sister and cousin. So we reached home but then he said come back in the car lets go up the road for some chocolate we always went for chocolate but i never went with him alone but I didn’t think anything of it though because my cousin always rode with him alone so I thought it was ok but what happened next was the most scariest thing ever. I got back into the car and we drove off on our way to the store but when we passed the store i started to get scared my heart was going over a million he took a turn towards a beach it was dark and no one else was there he parked near the beach and i was scared for my life knowing he always carries a gun so if i ran my life could’ve ended that night. He told me to come around to his side of the car so i did and he asked me for a hug i gave him one but not affectionately it was really weird. Then he asked If i ever kisses a boy i said yh then he asked for a kiss i told him no he said why i said because I’m not giving no grown man no kiss then he just put his mouth on mine n forced his tongue in my mouth i can feel it up until today and this happened two years ago. This man forced a kiss on me. I never told anyone what happened that night right away. The first person i told was my cousin and she told me that she walked in on him exposing my sisters breast one day while tickling her. My blood grew hot I really wanted to harm him. After i told cousin she told my mom. My mom never said anything about it so i went to her and asked her if she’s going to say anything about it and she told me to tell her the story. So i told her and she kept saying that she couldn’t believe it. She wrote a letter to the court and of course that’s how my father found out he had to get a copy so he read it and i was with him while he read it i was so scared for his reaction knowing that i didn’t tell him right away. But he didn’t get mad he was just in shock and told me that everything will be ok and that’s why i love him so much he is always there for me and he is always there to make sure i was ok. We’re still fighting this in court two years later with no progress i still get nightmares and i am starting to hate my mother because how could the person i trusted so much do this to me. My mother is still with him. My mother slaps me in my face anytime i say anything about her boyfriend. I really just want to be away from her she is toxic and won’t help me get nowhere in life I feel depressed everyday i just hope that this nightmare will end one day.