So I'm a sophomore in high school, and I'm signing up for college classes for this summer. My mom was scrolling on the computer looking at the school's page, and she was going really slow, so I thought to myself, "this will take 2 seconds if I just did it myself." Of course I didn't say that to her, but I reached over to scroll through the page, and she literally decked me so fucking hard and screamed, "Who the hell do you think you are? What's wrong with you?" and then continued to scream at me about how incompetent I am. I went to my room and started cleaning, and once I came out of the room to get the vacuum cleaner she screamed with an attitude, "okay stop this you can't keep kidding around we need to sign up." girl what? Then once I finished cleaning my room I signed up for the classes myself. So I just went over to her to tell her really quickly that I had signed up for the class, and before I could even speak she said, "I'm sorry for hitting you, but I don't know... I'm really not you're just SO annoying." I feel like I can't even talk to anyone about the mental abuse (I know from this story it doesn't sound like they are abusing me but my whole family has physically/emotionally abused me my whole life I have gone to a therapist and she has informed me that I'm not exaggerating) all of the horrible I go through in this house, because people will just think that it's just me being hormonal. Having no love for your family and resenting them for how much they've fucked you up in your head isn't normal teenager hormonal feelings. I need to get my associate's degree by the time I graduate high school (2 years,) but I just feel like that's so much work. How am I supposed to take 20 college classes while going to high school? I need to get this associates so I can get a real job while working on the rest of my bachelors and move out the second I graduate high school, but idk how I can do that when my home life is so chaotic. I'm going to be taking 7 APs next year as well. Idk I'm just so stressed out and feel so hopeless