This is obviously a throw away because he knows my main account and I am scared if he sees this post. On my main account I post some things like my art, but for the most part it is me talking about my suicidal thoughts, however most of these post were from 2/3 months ago. I haven’t been active on reddit recently because I mainly used it as a place to talk about when I was suicidal, but recently I have been getting better. I received my first message from him a month ago, it said something along the lines of “hey how are you doing ;),” I usually get some messages asking how I’m  doing so I responded saying, “hi I have been doing good recently I still get some ups and downs though.” The convo progressed from there, but he kept sneaking in some weird sexual remarks though, I kept reminding him of my age because I didn’t want to get him in trouble, but he kept doing it, along with giving me a lot of compliments. I know it’s wrong but I kinda started to like him after a while, he seemed really nice and I started to get a crush on him. Eventually he asked for my Snapchat, I freaked out a little, I really liked him but I knew he could easily find my location if I used my actual Snapchat, so I made a new one. I added him and the first thing he sent me was a dick pick. I didn’t really know how to respond and then he started typing stuff like “you like it ;)” and “I want to see you now.” I told him I was uncomfortable but he kept complimenting me and making me feel really pretty. I know that’s not an excuse for being this dumb but I just got fed up in the moment I guess, so I sent him a picture. He kept complimenting me and after that it just became a daily thing. At first it was about every three days he would text me for some pictures but it soon turned into me doing it everyday. At first he would be okay if I was somewhere and said I couldn’t send him a picture, but overtime he started to get more angry with me if I couldn’t. At this point I was three weeks in and we started not just sending pictures we were also talking about personal things. I opened up about my family life, and so did he, but during some of our convos I let some personal info like my state and my name slip. Looking back on this now, I really don’t know how I could be so dumb. Recently he has been asking for more than just pictures and he wants videos. I don’t want to do this anymore but I’m scared if I stop he will be able to find me. He knows my state, age, first name, and I sent him a picture of my face. I don’t know if I should just delete the Snapchat and what he will do if I do. I don’t want to tell anyone about this because I don’t even want to begin to think about what they are going to think of me for sending nudes to this random guy off of reddit. But, it’s getting to the point where I need to tell this to someone.