My entire life has been a roller coaster of insane highs and extreme lows. My parents divorced when I was three. My dad got full custody of my sister and I. Over the next ten years, my dad introduced us to no less than six women, before finally marrying the seventh. During those ten years my dad would go at least two months without grocery shopping at a time. We would scrounge for crackers and canned veggies in the cupboards. He spent almost every single night out with his friends and girlfriends. When I was 14, my 22 year old cousin molested me at a family reunion. When I told my dad the next day, he told me to get over it. That was when I realized that no matter how many times he told me he would protect me, he never would. My dad would throw remote controls, bowls, even chairs at me when he was angry. He would smoke and drink until 2 am when he came home. When I was 15 I started dating a boy who lived in a nearby state. I would go see him on weekends to get away from my dad. I would cry the whole three hour drive home, because I didn’t want to go back. I was not allowed to have a drivers license, a car, or a job. I was severely depressed, overweight, and suicidal. When I turned 17, I found out about a law in my state that allowed me to leave home and not have to go back. Over the next few visits to my boyfriend, I packed suitcases full of clothes and belongings and brought them to his aunt’s house. On June 7th, 2018 I left home. I took my last suitcase from the house and left a note on the counter. My dad called the police multiple times, but there was nothing they would do. I felt free for the first time in my life. Six months later, my boyfriend and I broke up. I loved him so, so much. I felt like I lost everything. I’ve been working a job since I left. I have a drivers license, I have a car. I go to school by my own free decision. I got into my college of choice and I’m going there in the fall. But I still feel like I have nothing. I’ve worked for years for a life I can’t share with anyone. I survived things I never thought I would. I made things happen before I turned 19 that I didn’t think would happen until I was 30. But I have no friends. I have no love life. I’ve had multiple failed relationships since my ex and I broke up. I don’t even want to get back together with my ex. I just miss having something that I could put my heart into. I miss having a relationship to nurture. I miss having someone to love. I miss when I didn’t feel so alone in such a big world. I lay in bed at night and instead of feeling proud of myself for escaping my prison, I feel like I’ve built a whole new one for myself. I just want to be able to love someone again.