I’m so disappointed in my dad. I used to excuse certain behaviours because I felt bad for him or I understood some frustrations he was going through but now every time he does something ‘bad’ I just get so furious inside. I’m internally screaming at him that he has no right to walk around and act the way he does. I used to be terrified of upsetting him but now I don’t care - he has no right to that power over us. Why does he think he can do whatever the fuck he wants, upset everyone and still deserve our sympathy or our acceptance of him. Why should we get out of his way? Why should we overlook his behaviour? He doesn’t act like he gives a shit about us so why should we put so much effort into him and making sure he’s happy? I’m just so so disappointed in him. I want to scream at him. Next time he starts to shout at his 18 year old about getting a job and paying rent, I should yell right back at him that he should practice what he preaches. I don’t know why I take such care not to bruise his fragile ego. He’s living in a house my mum pays for, he’s eating food my mum pays for and while he does so, he mocks her and talks behind her back, rolls his eyes and makes snarky comments - expecting us to side with him. He’s seeing some woman behind her back and he puts more effort into that then he does into his children. I feel like I’m being forced into a role I am not supposed to be in. I’m the one giving them advice and trying to calm them down while also making sure my sister is showering and doing her homework. I’m the one cooking for them all at nighttime and picking up milk when we run out. He was meant to come home and cook dinner and watch a film with my sisters. I was at a friends house (avoiding him). I passed him in the pub on the way home - dinner was not cooked, my sisters were upstairs waiting on the sofa for him to get back so they could watch telly together but he’s just come home - 2 hours late - and fallen asleep. He made sure to criticise me for feeding my sisters beans and tuna even though it’s 9 at night and I can’t exactly while up a feast. He told me recently then when he and my mum first had issues, they went to therapy and he told his therapist that sometimes he imagined my mum would die in an accident. He’d be rid of any guilt over her death and though he would be sad, he’s feel relief too. I understand that feeling now because if he died suddenly and by accident I’d be heartbroken and I’d probably never recover, but at least things wouldn’t get so bad that I stop caring. And at least he’d die when I still remember how much I used to admire him. Things wouldn’t be any messier than they are now and we could try to come to terms with losing him - we could say that he became someone else at the end. He’d be remembered as the person he’s always been instead of the person he is inevitably turning into to. I want to have my dad when I’m older, I want to help him when he gets old, I want him to inspire admiration I’m my own kids one day and be by his side when he dies and tell him I love him but he won’t be my dad if he turns into someone else. I won’t love him anymore and I won’t want him around my kids because he’ll upset them and he’ll disappoint them too.