All I want to dooooooo is dieeee (to the tune of “All I Want for Christmas”) for real though, I don’t wanna do exams, I don’t wanna do my final projects, I don’t wanna deal with people anymore, and I’m done with school. I just literally want everything to go away man. I’m too tired for this. I don’t have enough energy left to care. I hate being alive. I hate having responsibilities and I hate that people have expectations of me because I feel like I’m just constantly letting everybody down. Nothing I do is ever good enough and nothing feels like it’s getting better. I’m so sick of life and I want it to end but noOOo for some reason that’s frowned upon. Why do other people get to have any say on what I do with my life? If I don’t want to be alive anymore, why do other people get to stop me? We’re all dying eventually, what’s wrong with me wanting to die sooner rather than later?? I don’t have any goals or dreams or aspirations for my future, I don’t have “so much life left to live”. I have the opportunity to continue suffering every fricking day or the chance to make that go away. I want to make it go away. I want to end my miserable existence because I don’t value life anymore. It is exhausting and stressful and painful and difficult and I’ve never been a fighter. Life clearly is trying to beat me down and I’m SICK and TIRED of fighting back. Life can win. I don’t care anymore. It’s not like I want kids anyways, so really do I have any use on this earth? The only reason we are programmed to survive is to procreate and continue the survival of our species but there are PLENTY of other people to do that anyways and I don’t want to be here any longer than I have to. Not like the planet is even gonna live much longer anyways. I don’t get why I have to exist. Why is everybody so against death? Like if life is your thing, sure you should be allowed to live it and enjoy it but life is NOT my thing. Life literally just makes me sad. People always want to force in onto you but I don’t think that’s fair. It’s my life and my body and it should be my choice whether I want life or I don’t. And I don’t. I don’t want my life anymore and I am willing to donate my soul to the birth of another being who will value it more than I do. At this point, I am a waste of a human being. What use am I to anyone or anything if I’m just taking up space and depleting the Earth’s resources while I’m waiting for death? I’m doing the world a favour by dying. Sure, some people might miss me for a while but that will fade with time. As long as those people actually want to be alive, they will continue to prosper as human beings in a way that I can’t. I am at the end of my journey on this earth because I can’t get better. I can’t stop thinking about how much happier I will be once I am dead. So now nothing will make me feel free and happy except for death. I don’t want to subject myself to eons of continuing to be miserable. I know that this will be the case as long as I continue to be alive. So I want to  d i e. Please let me go. I am suffering and I do not want to be here. If I had cancer instead of depression you would understand, but because my pain comes from inside my mind instead of from a visible disease nobody will humanely let me go. I’m not getting better. I haven’t been happy in years and I’ve had enough.