So I am a nurse in a nursing home. I thought nursing was my passion, I love helping people and making a difference but once I was yeeted out of college and into the real world I am afraid I made the wrong choice in life. Every day I wake up with anxiety.. on my way to work I have this pressure in my chest, I have shortness of breath and a sense of dread. I hate my job. My first week I was punched in the face by someone I was caring for. I have been scratched, spit on, touched in intimate places by male residents, screamed at and even reported by family members for abusing their loved one( of course it was false and thank goodness there was camera footage to prove it). I basically had no orientation so I  had to figure out everything on my own while taking care of up to 40 people by myself. I just don’t think I have anything left in me. Every time I ask a question my supervisors talk to me like I am an idiot, or insult me to my face or just don’t bother to give me the time of day. I get family members following me to the bathroom demanding me to fix all of their problems in one sitting. From the min I get to work until I leave I am in a constant state of panic. Even when I leave I’m up all night reviewing my day making sure I didn’t forget to chart something or forget to take care of someone. I am desperately trying to get a hospital jobs so I have more benefits but I haven’t gotten one interview since I graduated last May. I feel like there is no hope, I feel like I’m going to be stuck here forever and I want to cry. I feel like I’m just a pill pusher in this place, I have no time to do anything but pump people full of meds and chart and it is so heart breaking. I want to do more but the more times I do spend with other resident the more time it takes me to finish my work ( I am supposed to leave at 11 pm but sometimes I end up staying there till 2 am )... if this occurs I get yelled at by my supervisors. I just feel drained.. working this way 5 days a week... I feel like an emotionless zombie. I feel disconnected. I am considering a change in careers but what else could I do! More time and money in college, and I don’t want my family to think I am a failure...... I’m glad I got this off my chest and sorry for the disgusting grammar, I am too tired to English right now.