So, I should be really happy. I am 22 years old, I’m healthy, have no financial issues, am doing well in school, and not to be conceited but I’m kinda cute. The reality is I’m exhausted. I didn’t date in highschool. I hadn’t even talked to a boy until after I graduated highschool. The reason for this is after middle school I started to transition from male to female. Because of this boys in my school weren’t interested, and I didn’t really have a big social life so I didn’t go out and meet people. College is where I blossomed. I made friends and started talking to boys. To get to the point, I graduate highschool with one thing in mind “I’m gonna fall in love”. My main goal, all I’ve thought about for the last 3 years has been finding love. It’s hard to admit but I have failed. The last guy I was seeing I gave my all to, i would spend $100 on dinners for him and gave him my all. He dumped me, telling me he didn’t have the energy for a relationship, but now he has a girlfriend. It’s been three months, and I think I might be insane because I’m not over him yet. I don’t know why but I can’t move on. I’m not okay. I have no idea what to do and I feel like I’m a broke record when venting to friends. I haven’t really ever let myself move on from relationships, I’ve just tried to find someone new each time, and now I think I’ve reached my limit. I just feel like I have nothing left, I’m so tired. Because of the whole shut down thing I didn’t get to finish a class for my job and have just been stuck inside the house with my feelings. It feels like I’m stuck in an ocean of hurt, and I honestly don’t know how to heal. I miss the guy that dumped me, and every day I just wonder what I could have done, what I can change about myself, what can I do to get that feeling back. The only time I feel loved is when I’m in a relationship of some sort and I know it’s super unhealthy but I don’t know how to fix that, it’s like I’m an addict. I feel like I’m crazy, I really just want to be okay. Everybody talks about loving yourself, self love, focusing on yourself but I don’t know how to do that. I don’t know what loving myself means. I am 22, I am exhausted, I’m scared that I’m not good enough, I’m scared that I’m getting too old to be successful, and I’m scared that I’m never going to find love.