 This happened May 2018, at the time i just joined the Army and just got to my first unit ready and roaring to get to work and do my part for society. When i first to my unit in Korea, it was a hot summer day, if you've ever been to Florida imagine that, but more humid. One day we were doing layouts and I was told to go grab some keys for our teams layouts from my supervisor. So of course I went to the office to grab the keys but on my way to the office, I was stopped by this other person. This person of course will not be named, he said to me "do you think suicide is a form of self defense". At the time of the interaction I was tired running back and forth being the worker dog for my time because I was the newest on the team, and pissed, the only thing on my mind was "Wtf is this guy talking about". I answered to him rudely "what no" and walked away, no other words were exchanged, I never talked to this guy. He was known to us as a weird guy that did weird things for attention, and warned "hey you probably shouldn't talk to him or else he'll do something weird to you". They never gave me details of the "weird" things he would do and I never asked. My one and only interaction with this person still lingers on my mind to this day. Less than a month later we were called in by our commander and we all saw the chaplain there so we knew something was off. It was 1800-1900ish (6-7P.M) and we were all annoyed having to be called back to work for some reason, where we were told that this person had committed suicide. The next day we were pulled in individually to see some investigators and I told them of my interactions between me and him, and how I didn't think anything of it. One week later we had a memorial, his fiance flew from the states along with his family, the ceremony began, his close friends talked about him, his family and the chaplain who at the time was new and this was his first week. As the ceremony continues our 1SG (first sergeant) basically the highest ranking in charge of our company's enlisted soldiers did a roll call, he called out several peoples name, "Blank", "Here 1SG" "Blank" "Here 1SG" "Blank" nothing, "Blank" nothing...silence. About a minute later we heard the bagpipes playing, the 21 gun salute, and over all of this, over the loud bagpipes, the rounds going off, was the fiances cries. Her pain and suffering was louder to all of us than anything ive ever heard, I can still hear it every time I think of this. No matter who it was you can hear and see people tear up and cry, those who knew him, those like me who barely knew him and some who attended the memorial out of respect. For context the Army does a lot of classes on suicide prevention and ways to spot it, but until you've faced a situation like that, its hard to tell if someone is joking or not. I may get dirt from this and how did I not see this, but as a dumb, young 18 year old, how was I supposed to know that 5 second conversation could have saved someone on the brink of suicide. I have troubles with depression being away from friends and family, and I hope to be happier in the future and I hope to not get to his point. I feel so bad for his family that maybe if i talked to him, maybe if i had did something, stopped to ask what he meant, stopped to ask if he needed help, did anything and acted like a human being should've acted like maybe today he would've been in the states living with his family maybe even had a child with his fiance. But because i didn't this haunts me after almost 2 years i still think about it, every time i do i can imagine his face, the way his voice sounded, his haircut, the way his uniform was and above all that I can hear his fiances cry's. I blame myself for his death, I could've stopped it, and every time someone I hear joke about killing themselves I yell at them, they get mad im getting mad at a joke but at the same time realize suicide isn't something to joke about and hurts everyone around them and they thank me for making sure they're okay. To me no matter how many lives I could save whether they're joking or not, I couldn't save him. I just wanted to get this off my chest.