Honestly I don’t know how to feel about this but I need to let it all out. My girlfriend got a job about a year ago that is giving her about 127k a year. My problem isn’t her job nor money. My problem is that we’ve been together for four years and prior to her having a job I was the one paying for everything. I was needed I was wanted. Shortly after that she had decided to buy a vehicle now I didn’t do much driving but recently I was the one driving that vehicle around. She then decided to buy a better vehicle and in front of her best friend and friends fiancé she tells me I won’t be driving her new car. That shit immediately pissed me off. I didn’t say anything but I just kept quiet about it. Now she trust everyone else to drive her new car except me which is the person that sleeps right next to her every night. Now we are supposed to be a family and live together but that shit is just disrespectful. She later tells me that she didn’t mean it that way but that I would need more practice. Now how the hell am I supposed to get more practice if this ding bat won’t let me drive her car. My thing is I never made enough money in my life but I made it work given that I justified everything. I would help her pay the for the vehicle by giving her the initial 300 that I was going to pay for my own car. But to me this shit doesn’t make any sense. The most disappointing thing is that this is my girlfriend we are talking about I’m trusted with everything else but a fucking car. Like who the hell does that. I think I’m responsible enough but sadly she doesn’t. The other thing is that she’s over here spending all this money buying random shit that is way over my price range because her friends have those things. Yet she decides to tell like look at this You can’t afford it but ha I can. Now I’ve always been angry as shit ready for a fight. I’ve been in scuffles for less shit than this. I’ve fucked up people I liked and disliked equally. I’ve spoken about this several times with her and still nothing we are supposed to be equals not you above me. Even writing this is making me angrier than I already am. People said let it all out rant about it it might help no it doesn’t help. If things were the other way around I would have never said things the way she did. I should t be mad about it. It is her car but seriously she trust everyone else but me that’s what’s bothering me. Seems like she doesn’t want to rely on me but she rather rely on someone else.