Hi. I am 18. Male. All my life I've been living... I guess you could say in constant hell. At a very young age my father left us for another woman and I found out just a few years ago he has a family now. I know. What a surprise and honestly I don't remember much from him. I take it that they took advantage of my surgery when I was a kid (oh and I guess I should tell you I was at the brink of death at the time) that gave me some kind of memory loss. I forget things easily so I figured they kinda brainwashed me telling me stuff to confuse me combining that with my enchanced memory destroyer voila everything was a blur. I wish they didn't do that because it really is a blur trying to remember the past. I do remember some things. I remember my mom crying. I remember the times she would cry and her sister/s were there to comfort her and they'd just cry together and it would hurt me but I have to supress my emotions. Out of everyone in my relatives me and my mom were (or maybe "were" was a wrong choice of word because we probably still are) the poorest and almost all of them have their families complete but in mine we only had 2 members. Me and Mom. TMI but when I talk about her I actually always address her as "My mom" not just "Mom" so yeah that was a first. Did that make sense? I often wanted to know who was the mistress. My mom never bothered telling me anything about him and it's not like we're that close to begin with. It seems after they split up, all her frustration she wanted to release all on me and at the time I was very oblivious even to process everything, though ofcourse i eventually came to understood her grief. I guess at the time I just wish that I was less "abused." Growing up without a father figure... it was never easy and up till now I think it would stay forever. I became very sensitive. I was never one of the "cool guys." Everywhere I go be it school or at home they would all mock me. I was extremely weak not just physically and never knew how to fend for myself. I was clueless. Of everything. I had to adapt the hard way. It's just adversity one after the last one. I currently live alone because my mom had to work overseas and because my mom left me at an early age, there was a time when I still had to live with other relatives. I was a trouble-maker to say the least and very clumsy and till now I'm still a bit clumsy lol ig it never goes away, huh. I rarely followed rules and would always get scolded off. I'd always get the shorter end of the straw. They just tell me things that I don't matter and stuff and say they only care for my mom and how I was always giving her a hard time but back then even I was unconciously wishing I didn't. I say unconcious because there were many things I never truly came to realize until I grew older. I remember turning 18 and crying because I had no one. Birthday and tears of sadness. Doesn't go together for me. When i learnt to stay up late that's when it all came down one thing after another. I would learn things eventually like going out late doing things i shouldn't. I've had times I couldn't sleep for days because of my insane insomnia but I wasn't clueless of it, it's just no matter how tired I am when I put down all things and turn off the lights the voices replace it all; But I guess I should also be thankful I mean I never really despised me. All I had was me. Anyway I'd do all these things and get in trouble and I don't know why but it suddenly came up in my mind that in the past I just did the things I did to earn attention. I guess I got that thought from my homeboy Naruto. You see I wasn't really the guy you'd be interested be it as a friend or a significant other. My mental and emotional conditions led me spiraling down a road of existential crisis at such young age and I'd like to say though I'm not academically smart I am life smart. I often read this when I was young, "Ignorance is bliss" but I never really got it until later and I get confused at times if knowledge is a curse. I'd often even question things like 4d things and why can't I picture a tesseract and is the universe infinite and what if it's not then what is beyond it? Why is the space dark? Did someone did it that way because if it was white it would all be very dazzling? Then I ask myself if I had truly gone insane with these weird stuff. My head is very noisy and I used to be able to contain them but I no longer can and only my earphones save me though it broke a few days ago and I can't really buy another one rn lmao. I've fucked up so many times and hurt people alot. I wish i could have done better. I wish I was better. Everything I've done has led me down the path of missed opportunities that went down to a socially decaying life and a wasteland of solitude and misery. I'm sure you're asking yourself how the hell do I hurt a human if I'm always alone? How did I get friends at school in the first place. Well I didn't. Some thankfully approached me (or maybe unfortunate for the others but trust me I never intentionally hurt them.) I'm not a sociopath of any sorts but my numbness and depersonalised self made me do and say wrong things. It bred a woefully misguided life decision-making skills. I often wish things like I wish I was close to mom. I wish I had a better life. Then ask myself that when other kids received their playstations why do I get this thing called maturity? Can't I be just a normal kid like them back then? Was it too much to ask? Though we always fight me and my mom but we both get we only have each other. She is about to go back from overseas for good this time and I wish to atleast be more close to her this time. I'm not even asking for closure of things. I guess it doesn't really matter at this point anyway. Moping won't change the past. Hah! I say that but I got them dead eyes that's colder a than an iceberg. Thank you everyone for... Idk? Caring when no one else would? Anyway I appreciate you all I hope you all be happy :)