I'm running out of air, I'm drowning. I am 23 years old, and I've been lonely since day one. Apart from my parents, nobody care for me. I had acquaintances in high school, but no friends so I don't see them anymore. I have like two or three "friends" in college (but just classmates you know, like you see them during the lectures, maybe sometimes you grab a drink with them but they live far away and I won't see them anymore after college). So I've never had friends, never been on a holiday with friends, my first year in college I tought things were about to change, the first year I used to party with my roomates but the next years, my roomates were already friends from before (they moved together) and they belonged in fraternities (actually where I live in Europe it's not a fraternity but anyway, you get the idea). I'm about to graduate, my whole life basically has been : - going to lectures - walking alone on the campus - going back to my room and going to sleep. When I'm not on the campus (summer holidays),  I'm with my parents in my hometown, and I have literally no contact, no friend there. So no one's waiting for me, no one is gonna send me a message to grab a drink/go out, I'm on my own, alone. You can't imagine how hard it is just walking alone in the streets of your campus/hometown with no one to talk, no affection, no one to touch you, hug you or tap your shoulder as a mate (don't get me started on my romantic life, I have none). So no friends, no one to talk to, and every single day is the same : I go out, I walk alone in the streets of my hometown like the ghost no one sees. My life is not exciting at all, I'm broke and I feel like I'm missing so much. I should travel, meet new people, have gang of friends to have fun, party,... But no one on this Earth care, it's like I'm invisible, you can't imagine how it breaks my heart when I'm walking in the streets and I see friends together laughing, having a drink, or lovers together. No one is outhere waiting for me, no one will save me. And please don't tell me : "try to make friends". In my hometwon it's impossible, and when you're 23 yo people already have their network, their friends, relationships, they don't look for other friends. I'm working hard, I'm doing sport, I'm on a diet, I try not to be ugly/creepy but you don't meet friends or love in the streets during your daily lonely walk. I will try my best to move to a big city next year (I live in Europa) but I'm afraid it's gonna be the same but worst : no friend, just acquaintances and on my own in a big city. At least it would make my life more exciting and break my routine... The worst is the summer you know, when the sun's shining outside and people enjoy the company of their friends and you walk pass them and they don't acknowledge your presence. Sometimes in the streets I wanna shout "please, I crave for affection, I would give anything for a romance or friends or a more exciting life, save me"... Honestly I really hope things will change if I succeed in moving out to a european capitale, but I'm skeptical.  I tought I could handle the routine of loneliness, but each day it becomes unbearable