Here I am sitting in my office, feeling gutted after another break up. The worst part is, I have to pretend like nothing has ever happened around my family, co-worker because it's really none of their business to make me feel any better. Business has to run as usual and nobody wants to be around negativity so all I have to do is bottle it in and be the upbeat person like I always am. When I was younger, I often thought "scoring" as many dates and relationships as possible would give me happiness but now I know it is the opposite. I have had my fair share of dates and relationships from casual hook ups to serious relationships but they all came to an end and here I am, all alone again. I know this isn't "cool" for a guy to say but all I want is a steady relationship with somebody that actually love me for who I am. I'm tired of girls wanting to change me, never appreciate my passions, hobbies. I'm tired of girls expecting me to be there ATM machines. I'm tired of the ones that act all passionate only to ghost me without any fucking reason. I'm tired of all the childish mind games. All I ever need was somebody that actually give a crap about me enough to remember my birthday, buying the simplest present just because she cares. I could have bought myself a fancy present, cooked my own dinner or cheered myself up during tough times but all these are significantly more meaningful when they come from another person. I would tell anyone this but when it makes me happy when I run into couples in various age ranges whether it's on the subway,  in the park, at the movie theater or on my way home from work... Sometimes , I would also secretly check in with my friends who are happy in their relationships and just feel happy for them (never tell them this).  Last week, I spent an entire evening helping my close friend when she had  a serious fight with her husband and on the verge of breaking up. After hours of listening, giving advice, I let her vented out her frustration only for her to realize her own mistakes and how much she loved him. They ended up apologizing to each other and my friend's marriage has returned to its initial peace. Moment like this really lights up my world but I would never tell my friends, I would rather them enjoy the moment with their loved one instead. To the love of my life whom I never met: I really wish you exist, I really hope we will cross path one day but If we don't, it not the end of the world for me. Life has blessed me way more than a lot of people: I was born in a happy, loving family, I'm having a great career and more financially stable than a lot of people at my age. Life has given me more than enough.