5 years ago I met a really wonderful person off of the internet. We hit off so well from the start. Even though our interests and personalities were quite different, idk why but we (atleast I) could resonate quite a lot with her. I've never had many friends, if any. And she was the best friend I ever had. I used to love the fact I could share my stuff with someone finally, and more than that, I used to love the fact that someone shared their heartfelt facts and grievances with me. I used to do everything to make her feel special and realise how much she means to me. Used to send her personalised gifts and make hand made cards for her birthdays too ( I love doing stuff like this for ppl and to make them feel special, but I've never had anyone who'd appreciate it). She did appreciate my friendship too and made a card for me once too. We could have met in person once, but I chickened out.  It was all great....until about 3 or so weeks ago. I don't even know what happened, but she just stopped talking or messaging me all together. I try to chat with her casually as we used to, but she just ignores me. No messages at all from her side, it's just me trying to talk. I asked her if anything is wrong, but she says "why do I feel so,it's all ok". She keeps posting statuses with her other friends and stuff too, and she seems like she's having the time of her life during these times with them. I'm happy for her for that, but it's as if, it's over, my role is done for her. She doesn't care about me at all. She's 'the' popular girl in her college, and has tons of friends, meanwhile I'm a nerdy loser who just spends days in a row in his room. It honestly doesn't even bother her one bit that we have stopped talking.  Signs like this have appeared many times, but I was just always so grateful that I had a true friend that I just ignored it, but I'm just truly destroyed now. I sacrificed a lot for her in many situations, and this is what I get. The one time I thought I had a genuine friend, this is how it ends, abruptly. And the worse thing is I'm the only one of the two of us who's hurting from this. I'm done, I'm gonna be alone. I can't stop crying. Sorry for the rant, just felt like it. Thanks for reading if u did, means a lot.