 You talk about how unfair it is to be treated like “shit” as you put it. How my unwillingness to talk with you, to do activities with you, and to act in a typical mother-son relationship (or how you think of one) is unfair to you. I don’t tell you a lot about my life, and you may see this as my fault. The fact of the situation is, I am a product of my environment. It is simple psychology, the way I act has been deeply rooted inside somewhere in my brain on how to treat you, how I think you will react to things, and probably most importantly, how I trust you. They all stem from when I was a child. Now I can’t exactly remember much, but I know that most of any arguing was between you and my brother. Looking back I believe I subconsciously formed a barrier because I knew that if you found out about something you didn’t like, you would most likely end up yelling at me. And slowly throughout the years, I found that to be true. It wasn’t always yelling per se, but in some form or another, I would slowly lose my trust in you. And it would hurt. You really did feel like one of the only people I could trust but when I couldn’t trust you with something as trivial as bed-wetting, how could I trust you with sharing my mental health? How could I trust that if I were to tell you something you didn’t like, you wouldn’t lose it on me? How could I trust you to not be disgusted with me or something that I did? How could I trust you to *listen*? And now that I’m more mature that is exactly how I feel, I can’t tell you anything without hearing what I did wrong. Every time there’s always something I did wrong or something I could do better. And how nasty you can be sometimes is a whole other story. You call me an asshole but go back to normal in an hour or two? Call me a fucking piece of shit on a few occasions, you even hit me. You probably forgot about that, but I don’t think I will EVER forget that. You are always telling me how unfair it is for you, but have you ever once stopped and thought about me? Although I feel as if I have matured now, I sure didn’t know half the stuff I know about myself now as I did 3 years ago, or 2 years ago, hell even in grade 12. You expected me to have this maturity of an adult, a fully grown, lived on his own and supports himself, adult. Someone who also has bountiful experience with mother-son relationships. Well, I don’t. And honestly, I’ve learned fuck all from you. I’ve learned how to build a wall around yourself, how to act in a certain manner that is different than how you feel, and how you think, in order to please someone. I’ve learned how to put on a mask, to hold back my true emotions, my true insecurities from ever reaching the light of day. I have learned how to deceive people, how to play a character, I have not learned how to be myself. When I am around you I can not be myself. Do you want to know why I interact with you the way I do? You think I’m bitter to friends? To strangers? You are plain wrong, I am more myself when I’m around my friends then I might ever be when I’m around you. That is the reason. Because you don’t see me, your son, you see the consequences of your actions.