In the past two years of my life, it’s been hell. My mom met this man and they started seeing each other. He moved in barely a week knowing each other and she didn’t tell my siblings and I, we were very uncomfortable. Time passes and we think he isn’t that bad and we get comfortable but still upset that my mom brought in a guy we didn’t even know. We move into a bigger house. They start arguing a lot and we shrugged it off because every couple had their moments right? We were so wrong. Months pass by it’s September, my older sister’s birthday (we’re three siblings, I’m the middle one) she’s turning 17 and my mom decides to throw a small party for her (my sister invited her boyfriend, two of her best friends and one the best friend’s boyfriend). My mom decided to buy alcohol for the party. I admit I drank one bottle but that’s about it, I went to bed at 12 am while the others were still drinking, talking and eating. I wake up some time afterward and I hear my little sister crying. I see her crying to my sister’s boyfriend and I asked what’s wrong. One of my sister’s friend said that she was yelled at because she kept bothering the party by flicking off and on the lights and taking away everyone’s drinks saying that no one should be drinking (my little sister is special). I hear my mom and her boyfriend arguing and yelling, I go to see what’s happening. They start fighting really bad to the point where my sister, her boyfriend and I had to separate them. They started fighting again but this time he strangled her against the wall and we had to push him off her together. Then he did it again. The fight carried outside, we were trying to separate them and we clearly told my little sister to stay out of it because we don’t want her to see this (she already witnessed my mom getting abused by her dad when she was younger) but she refused. She went to my mom and begged for her to stop. I don’t know what the hell went through my mom’s head but she grabbed my little sister’s hair so hard and again we pulled her off my little sister. Hair was in her hand. I rushed my little sister to my room and told her not to open the door to anybody except me. I came back to where the fight was and I see him strangling her again, three times he has strangled her. We separated them again and I pinned my mom against the car and told her to stop, snap out of it and to get a hold of herself. She was out of control, it was like I didn’t even know her. She grabbed me by my hair and my sister and her boyfriend pulled her off of me but I had enough. When I looked up to her after she pulled my hair, I slapped her. I think the slap brought her back to reality because she started acting like herself again. But then we see my mom’s boyfriend. He was drunk, oh so drunk. After he witnessed my mom pulling both my little sister’s and my hair he broke the window with his bare hand and by accident I walked on the glass barefoot trying to calm him down. He went to the kitchen and he grabbed two knives and started screaming in the neighborhood that he’ll kill anybody that gets in his way or calls the police. We get inside of the house and I get my little sister while my older sister calls my dad while she’s having a panic attack. Then later an ambulance, cops and some members of the SWAT team came to our house. Turns out, one of my sister’s best friends called 911. The police went inside our house while we were escorted outside but I went back inside to see what’s happening, I was worried for my mom. We see that she’s blocking the hallway where her maniac boyfriend was hiding, they told her to move and she didn’t. I screamed at her to move if not they’ll tase her. They grabbed her by force and handcuffed her while they went into the house to find him. I panicked and I looked at the officer and asked her what’s happening and she screamed at me, I still feel the fear and the spit from her mouth on my face, “Do you want me to arrest you too?!” I ran quickly outside while my feet hurt and were bleeding a bit to my siblings. My aunt and my uncle came to see what’s happening. We see that my mom’s boyfriend is on the roof screaming. My dad came and made sure we were safe. My mom and her boyfriend were arrested. We slept over my grandparents’ home where my aunt lived as well. My mom got out and she was scolded badly by my grandma. Two days later, after school back at our house (it was just my little sister and I) we hear a knock and I open the door and find a social worker and the exact cop who threatened to arrest me. I knew what this meant; my sisters and I were going to shelter, they were going to take us away from my mom. We picked up my older sister from high school while we all were crying the social worker’s car.  We were in the shelter after a month being there. We were in the shelter before because my grandpa sexually abused me. My dad took us out of the shelter and had custody of us for a while then my mom won the court case. The funny part is, things like this still happen in this household. My mom was stupid enough to take him out of prison. They still fight like this. He sexually assaulted me and she refused to believe me. My mental health keeps getting worse everyday. My siblings and I were ordered to go therapy and get tested to see if we needed help. I was the only one who needed help. I started going to therapy which only lasted around a month or less and my mom stopped taking me because she didn’t care enough. My antidepressants ran out and I started getting horribly depressed, my grades dropped, my depression and anxiety worsened. She makes fun of me, humiliates me when she gets the opportunity and sometimes hits me. She tells me she would be happier if I was dead or moved away. She regrets giving birth to me. I told her that I almost committed suicide thanks to her and her poor decisions and she said “Okay? That’s not my problem I could care less. I just don’t want you to get help or they’ll arrest my boyfriend again and I’ll be in jail.” In October of last year, I tried to hang myself. I’ve been cutting myself since 6th grade and all she does is neglect me, make fun of me and just make me feel like nothing. Meanwhile with my siblings she treats them fair and living, I am not jealous I’m glad my siblings get treated well but i sometimes yearn and wish my mom would treat me like that. At this point, I’m exhausted. I get yelled at for anything. My grades are so low, even through I was the bright intelligent student. I know I can do better I have advanced classes and good scores but depression and anxiety is getting to me along with my mom and her shenanigans. You know those bright honors students that later on turned depressed? I am one of them. Hell, my older sister is in college and I took her politics final and passed it for her. I wanna die, isolate myself from everybody, I want someone to kill me already quickly. Everyday I hope a car would ran me over or someone to murder me for just being alive. They’d end my misery, I would be so goddamn thankful that I wouldn’t have to go through this anymore. The thing that stops me though is my siblings. I always defend both of them from my mom, give them advice and care for them. I love both of them so much. They’re the world for me. They bring warmth to my heart. I love them so much but I can’t continue to be strong for them. I always put up a strong face for them  and never cry in front of them, I don’t want them to think I’m weak. I don’t know what to do anymore, I just want to disappear forever. This change in my life is killing me.