Alright, so because of my experiences throughout my life, I'm beginning to really wish I were the other gender. Right now, I am a highschool male, and I'm starting to wish I were female now. First, my gender is the reason why I feel so lonely. Throughout my life, all of the guys I met and knew were extremely unpredictable to me. I, myself, am a more open and emotional person. All the other guys love doing crazy stuff like stacking the desks into a huge, messy pile in the middle of the room, getting into unnecessary fights, and talking about extremely weird stuff. Ever since middle school, their humor only consisted of trending memes, sex jokes, and more. All the conversations they have are never desirable to me. I also can't ever be open with my feelings in front of them. Whenever I try venting to them, they always laugh it off and call it lame. It was not just one friend group in particular. I've moved groups a countless amount of times in attempt to search for people I can relate to. No matter what, all I can find are sarcastic, blunt people. I'm judged for being emotional for a male, and also judged for being too skinny for a male as well. Every day, it is such a drag to try my hardest to act as my own gender to meet up to everyone's standards. I always get jealous when I accidentally overhear female's conversations. They don't belittle each other for fun, they are open to hear other people's feelings, and more. Even my sister says that she has very nice conversations with her friends. No one seems to mind an open, emotional female. But when a male like that appears, they are seen as a terrible excuse for being a guy. That's how it is in the environment I am in and have been in. I just want to be myself with a group of friends. If I were a female, I wouldn't have to be worried about being made fun of for just being myself. I'm tired of having to live up to the expectations of being a male. It's made me seen as weird. I've tried hard to find my place, but I can never find it. If I were a female, my personality traits would be seen as acceptable and completely normal. I just want to have a group of friends that I can rely on and feel comfortable with, and not be judged for simply being myself. I hate the certain stoicism that people expect from men to act manly.