My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been dating for six months. I told him on our second date that I was a recovering anorexic and he was very loving and supportive, but (and to no fault of his own) he didn’t really get what that meant. These past two months I’ve been relapsing and it’s caused a lot of tension in our relationship. My doctor, therapist, and family are all actively supporting me and I am working very hard to get better. My boyfriend is understandably distressed, worried, and sad and wants so badly to support me, but it oftentimes comes out in really harmful ways. For example, it is 100% not his responsibility to force me to eat, keep track of my calories, etc. but he still takes it upon himself. Then, when I refuse to eat, he’ll get frustrated, and I’ll feel guilty for making him upset. The thing is, he takes it personal, so me refusing to eat is me refusing to get better for him basically. Anorexic is a lot more complicated than that and if love could save me, I would’ve already been cured. I’ve tried so many times to explain to him that I have good professional help and he doesn’t need to take it upon himself, and that my eating disorder has nothing to do with how much I love him or anything, but it’s understandably hard for him to get that. Last night was the worst. He was a bit drunk and it was late, and he started telling me how I am less attractive because I’m underweight. A non disordered mind may take this as motivation to gain weight, but my anorexic goes way beyond looks. I know I am less attractive to him right now, I feel guilty every day for not having tits/ass for him to grab, for looking malnourished and tired. Every day I worry he will leave me because of this, and what he said last night confirmed my anxieties. I’m hurt that he thought this disorder had anything to do with my desire to look a certain way for him. It makes me feel like this illness that has brought me close to death and made me suffer for years comes off as an inconvenience to him. Like I actively am choosing to hurt him by being anorexic. And believe me, I have much more sympathy for him than for me, I can’t understand how hard it must be to be in a relationship with an anorexic, how troubling and difficult it must be. But when he says these things, when he threatens to break up with me bc I am relapsing, it hurts so badly. This illness has taken so many things from me, and I don’t want it to take him too. He’s coming with me to therapy soon, hopefully it’ll help.