My sister has antagonized me my entire life, making fun of my height, weight, face, literally anything, but she always blamed me for not having a sisterly bond with her. Also before I ever start saying anything I have to say that she is 24. She recently finished uni and she came back home to live with our parents. I am 20 and I am at uni in another city, but whenever I come back home, its hell. She goes through short periods of acting like a normal person and then she becomes kinda insane. She follows me around and makes fun of me, she acts jealous whenever I talk to our mom or hug her(she pulls her away or she gets angry with her), and she gets irritated over smallest thing and starts saying such vile things that I cannot even understand how someone can say that. I came home a few days ago and since I came she kept making fun of me and everything that I do. My mom asked her to go and buy eggs today and she threatened that she will break all the eggs that she buys(I know, it makes no sense, had me laughing).  Anyway, we were eating lunch today and I started talking to my parents about elections in the USA (we are not from the USA ) and the candidates. I accidentally said the name of one of the candidates wrong and my sister kept making fun of it for the next hour. I was getting really irritated especially because I was being bullied by her the entire week and I couldn't stand it anymore. I ignored her at first but she wouldn't stop. So I went to my room and she followed me and kept making fun of me. So I came back go the kitchen and my parents just brushed it off, even tho I was visibly angry. So she kept repeating the mistake that I made and she kept laughing, and I was furious at this point. So I pulled her hair and she started crying over it, and I know that I was wrong to do that but I just couldn't stand it anymore, and I dont know how to make her stop. There is no way. Then she bit my finger and she started biting my mom and she threatened to kill us in her sleep. I don't know what to do, because I am kinda scared for my life. She has been acting this way her entire life, making fun of everyone in the family but acting  like a wonderful person to everyone else. She openly admitted that she liked to provoke us so she can create any drama. Can someone please help me, how can I continue living with a sister like that. I feel bad because she is my sister but at the same time she is my bully as well.