I (F16) have felt alone, scared, sad, and just every single negative feeling at once ever since the 7th grade. That’s the first time I remember being sad and thinking I wanted to end my life. I’ve felt like I had no purpose, no reason to live at all. Nobody understood me. I’ve tried to vent and tell friends even my sister! Nobody ever helped, although they tried. I remember one time I got in an argument with my mom (like always) and out of anger I told her I should have killed myself when I had the chance & she told me to do it. That was a good 3 years ago and I will never forget it. I know she didn’t mean it but why would she say it!! My mother loves me, I know she does but after telling her how I feel & all my emotions why would she say that to me!! Her youngest daughter! It made no sense and it made me want to do it even more.. I haven’t had it easy growing up although everyone thinks I did because oh “I have a roof, food & clean water & clothes” and yes I am super thankful! But those things don’t make a person happy. Those things don’t change ones emotions. Nobody ever considered the fact that maybe I was feeling down because my dad was murdered when I was five.. I was moved away from my family in Puerto Rico. I had a hard time in school. Why didn’t or don’t they consider that now! I don’t know why I’m so hard to understand. I thought I was a open book but apparently nobody knows the real me and all the emotions that go through me daily. But I got used to all of that, it was never going to change. I started smoking weed to feel better & I still do but I realized it was only a temporary fix. It didn’t make me feel better, just felt like everything smoothed out a little bit. I thought I would never be genuinely happy.. by genuinely i mean happy that you woke up to another day to do it all over again.. I wanted to feel excited about that and not miserable. Thank God I finally did. My mother recently had another baby (M3months) & ever since he was born I’ve felt complete. To me his birth was the most beautiful thing that could have ever happened to me & it’s not even my baby! He has brought me so much joy and I am just so thankful to be here today. I would have never in a billion years thought I would have a baby sibling. He is the missing piece I’ve been looking for & I am so glad I finally found him. I finally found a purpose.. a reason! He is my reason and I will never stop loving him for the endless joy he has brung me.