I've never told anyone this and since I had those flashbacks my repressed memories came back in full detail and I'm so damn conflicted. So my cousin and I, let's call him Z, we grew up together. He was raised by my grandparents because his folks had some issues that I don't want to get into here. I was spending all the weekends there with them. It was just a 2 room apartment so my grandparents slept in one room and when I was there I was sleeping in his room, in the same bed. Now I'm a guy, I'm straight and I'm happily married and since I can remember I was always into girls, never had any gay thoughts but I always had a vivid imagination and my cousin and I used to play these games, we played pretend a lot. I loved my cousin, he was my hero, he was around 10 years older than me and I worshipped him back then. So I had my first ever crush on this girl at kindergarten, Denise, and I tell my cousin this and we start playing pretend, my cousin is me and I'm Denise and we're in the pool and and we kiss. Pretty gay stuff, but I'm 5 and I'm playing, in my mind he is me and I'm Denise so it's normal. I'm almost sure I was the one who started the whole thing and also I was the one who started the kissing. On the mouth. Fuck, this is so embarrassing when I read it. He did object at the beginning but then he just let it happen. But then he wanted to play something else, and I will spare you the details of the game, but the bottom line is that he was making me jack him off and masking it as a game. And he was doing the same thing to me. It never got passed that, at least this is all I can remember, but it went on for a while, I don't know exactly how long, but a good while. I stayed once at my other grandparents house and there was a different cousin there visiting, I will call him J. Now J was around the same age as Z. Same situation, small place, so J and I were sleeping in the same bed and I tell him about the Denise game and I try to kiss him, but J jumps from the bed with a look of terror in his eyes and smacks the living shit out of me. "NEVER FUCKING DO THAT AGAIN!!! WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU? IS THAT HOW YOU PLAY WITH Z?? THAT"S WRONG, KID! NEVER DO IT AGAIN" that's when I had a reality check. I was very upset at J because he hit me but it made me think a lot and I never spent another weekend with Z at my grandparents. I realised it was wrong and it was inappropriate so I never wanted to play those games anymore. I was very embarrassed by it. And I just buried every little detail about it and never thought of it again until in my late twenties, when everything came back like an avalanche. I feel sort of responsible because I'm pretty sure I started these games, but I remember vividly that for me it was like a movie, I was playing parts and I even saw it as being real, not only pretend. I was in a pool, he was me and I was the girl. But then I'm thinking I was only 5, he was 14, almost 15. Now when I was 15 I knew what I was doing, I wasn't a kid anymore, so I'm thinking he was not a kid anymore and he should have known better. J knew better and smacked the shit out of me for trying that. Z is also married now, has 2 children, he wishes me "happy birthday" on FB every year, that's the only contact we have. But since I remembered that shit, every time he writes to me I just feel so weird and disgusted. I don't know how to deal with this. I wanted to write this down and maybe get some opinions, maybe some advice or encouragement. Some strangers on the internet might have a more clear view on this. Thanks for reading.