I guess I should start from the beginning, I lost  my virginity when I was 14. After I broke up with the boy I lost it to and I went on a sex rampage. Within 4 years (so until I turned 18) all I wanted from people was sex. And that’s what I got...SEX and lots of it (I slept with over 20 people, most of them more than once).I was straight at the time so all of the people I slept with were male. After I got out of a toxic relationship with an ex of mine, my sex drive died. It wasn’t a huge deal and I was going through a really rough time because my dad had recently passed (I’m still 18 at that point). My depression and anxiety took over because my dad and I were very close. I’m sure my depression/anxiety had something to do with my low sex drive but it started effecting my current relationship, I’m 20 now. Me and my now boyfriend have had a little trouble in the past figuring out what we like and dislike since he was a virgin when we met. Me and my boyfriend have been together 11 months and only in these last few months have we actually had the voice to tell each other what we like and dislike in the bedroom (he had never had sex before so he wasn’t sure how to approach me about it). I just straight up no clue what I liked, because I was always told by men what I’m supposed to like...I tried weird supplements to boost my hormones, i tried guiding my boyfriends movements when we would have sex and I tried touching myself but that last one for some reason made me feel disgusted by myself even though I knew it was completely normal. I went to the doctor not even a month ago and received medication for my depression and anxiety. The first couple weeks I had been feeling more up beat but sex drive didn’t change. BUT THEN I watched lesbian porn...INSTANTLY WET ASF. Idk what came over me but ever since that day (3 days ago) I haven’t been able to stop thinking about sex, I masturbated for the first time tonight in 2 years. I found out I’m bisexual and a furry, just by exploring. I’ve been having a hard time figuring out who I was but now I know and I’m so happy