But Im not. Falling in love with you was too sudden and soon, that I can admit, embarrassingly of course. I was emotionally vulnerable. More than I have ever been in my almost 30 years of existence. And seeing you became a part of my daily routine that I actually looked forward too after a few weeks. You came over every single morning except sundays and every evening before your return to work release. Of course i grew an attachment. I tripped into a black hole of lust and love and you were there at bottom of this pit, with no light whatsoever. You silenced the screaming inside my head and gave me a peace I had given up finding long before. Yes, we are complete opposites, we lived two different lives. But. I feel as if you kind of.....saved me. From myself. From reaching rock bottom and engaging in a self destruction mode that activated the "no fucks given and i just dont care anymore" modes. After a few weeks, my love was obvious. The smile and gleam in my eyes when you were around were a dead give away. Not to mention what happened to my entire being. I spoke outloud of it for the first time after about a month. Wed been fucking, you made me squirt for the first time. You kissed me with perfect everything. You bit me the way i craved. You owned me. I found in you the daddy that i involuntarily and voluntarily submitted myself. I wanted to do things i never wanted to do before with you, i let you do things to me that i didnt want but allowed because well if daddy is pleased then i was content. I started liking the more aggressive sex. I loved the passionate sex. You have been the best lover. The lover i fantasized about. Its almost been 5 months and a lot has changed. In both good and bad ways. And the bad ways hurt. When we do have the deeper conversations about our relationship, my feelings tend to be the only ones that get hurt. I want to be all you want. I want to be the only woman you desire. I want to be the only one you want to please. I want to be the only one. And stay the only one. But im not. And finding out that piece of information has dug up a grave of insecurities that i forced away and buried too recently to be brought back to life. These insecurities have been causing issues. These insecurities are eating me alive. But since your role as Captain Saves His Hoe, it seems your time has been dedicated to me for the most part so i havent really been haunted by the ghosts of my insecurities. I do hate how clingy i am. And codependent as fuck. Damnit i could spend every minute of existence with you and be content. Youve kept me around, aware of my feelings. You caught on to the signs of my undying love not too long after i accepted the shadows of the pit i fell into and i adjusted to the darkness. You arent perfect, you arent anywhere near being an adult. You arent the typical guy id even consider being in a relationship with. But. Theres. Something. About. You. That. I. Cant. Live. Without. Everything. I can pinpoint all the reasons actually but theyre explanations are infinite. Youre an addiction that i wont recover from.  And i wish so bad you felt that way towards me. But we cant even trust one another. We know one another's true lives all too....truthfully....and that will always be the trust crusher even if we are both faithful as fuck....we will always be toxic for one another because of how we are both living life in the present day.