I can’t deal with this anymore. My mom can make anything an argument when I’m not even trying to argue and then blames me for starting an argument. All I did was mention something got lost and thought out loud that maybe it got moved somewhere because she tends to move my stuff around while cleaning. Then it turns into her saying I should be more responsible and that she never moves stuff around (she has multiple times). Then that turns into a “don’t put stuff in public areas if you don’t want them to be moved” argument (we all have stuff in public areas and my mom is the only one who hasn’t had her stuff moved by someone else at some point). Then that turns into her arguing I should be grateful for once in my life. Then when I try to deal with my anger I’m “doing it wrong.” I can’t yell into a pillow because “that’s too loud” even though we all have heard each other yell before including her yelling at my dad during an argument. I suggested going into one of the cars so that I wouldn’t be heard as much but that’s not allowed. I can’t go out of the house into the neighborhood because I’ll “make a scene and all the neighbors will call the cops”. I can’t deal with this anymore. I know things could always be worse but I’m so sick of dealing with this. My mom cant ever admit that something she does can affect other and it’s always either mine or my sister’s fault because we’re the children and they’re the parents. If she wants something to be done just ask me normally and not just while we’re already mad at each other. She keeps on saying she tries to understand us but every time we argue she just brings up all the stuff I don’t do. I’m sick of pretending to be a perfect robot child. I’m sick of every argument or disagreement turning into the biggest thing in the world. Even with my terrible college roommates arguments never got this bad. I feel like I’m a freak and it’s taking everything I have to not take out my anger out on myself by squeezing my arms until I can’t feel anything anymore and even that isn’t working. I just want to be on campus again and be away from all of this. I feel like we get along a lot better when we’re not together all the time