i grew up in the same house my whole life until my parents divorced and my dad moved out. my dad decided to tear down the house so my mom, sister, and i were forced to move out but with a good budget. my mom gave me the responsibility and i after months of tears and goodbyes i found a house we considered perfect. i’ve been living here for around 8 months. it was difficult at first but i’m so happy here, every day in this house is a blessing, but we have to move again. the second time in the same year, and i’m 15, extremely busy with work and school and i just want somewhere to call home. leaving my childhood home was difficult enough, spending months finding a nice house was even harder; but leaving this new home i’ve gotten used to is even worse. because of the extreme expense this house has caused, our budget is only half, and at this point there are no houses in my city with enough space for 3 people in this budget unless i want to live in a difficult condition. it’s just so much to take in, as if i’ve done something wrong to deserve this. i feel helpless now. my mom ridicules my dissatisfaction but she doesn’t seem to understand how much this affects my stability. it hurts so much. so many months of looking for a place to call home just to do this shit again. when will it finally be over? i love my current house so much and i can’t put in words how difficult it’ll be to say goodbye. i’ve put my faith and stability in this house, my heart is here. i don’t want to do this again. i don’t want to find somewhere else, and sometimes i feel like a joke when my mom doesn’t listen to how i feel. i know she can’t do anything, but whenever i find a house just the slightest bit over our budget she yells at me and makes me feel bad. i mean , the budget is 1/4 of my childhood home, it’s difficult to shift so quickly. she never had to move constantly, she never had any family problems, she wouldn’t know how it feels to spend 90% of her life in a certain place and suddenly go bezerk like a ping pong ball. finding a house last year tore me apart, but now that the conditions are worse i almost want to just not exist. i can’t watch the quality of my life dissipate like this. i understand i am blessed with the privilege of being able to afford a house to begin with, but when compared to everything else i’ve known, it’s just so much to take in :/