Hi Guys! I just need to get this off my chest because it’s been building up and I don’t have anyone I can talk to about the stuff that goes around my head. My mental health has been deteriorating lately. I keep overthinking, scared shitless of my future and if there’s even a point in living. I’m unemployed my job hunting was cut short because of what is happening all around us and the only support we have right now, money wise is my Grandmother. I feel so bad, I don’t have any savings when I had my first job because it wasn’t much and I did took it for granted. I haven’t seen my boyfriend since March 15 and it’s honestly taking a toll on me because I get scared about the what if’s. It scares me so much because there was cheating in the past and maybe it is the trauma. I have a hard time moving on and I don’t know why. I get scared thinking he might leave me and I don’t know what to do about it. I know that he loves me and that he’s sorry but maybe it’s because we haven’t seen each other for almost 3 months that’s why I keep overthinking. I really want to help my grandmother so I applied at a BPO company which is working from home right now but it’s hard since I don’t have the resources. I keep overthinking about things, money especially and I want to help her so bad. My anxiety is getting worse and I don’t know but there are times that I would cry suddenly and will get emotional. I don’t know why. Maybe because I feel like I’m carrying the weight of the world on my shoulders, maybe because I don’t know what would happen to me in the future. I don’t know it scares me. I hope everyone is doing okay despite this difficult time. I don’t know if I have depression or what, but I keep overthinking, anxiety, suddenly crying and getting emotional because I’m scared of what the future holds. I really don’t have anyone to talk to and I don’t want to bother my boyfriend about this things because what if he gets annoyed because of it. I’m scared I keep feeling that I’m alone in this when I get emotional and cry the only person I know I could talk to is God.