This is going to be lengthy, so I’m sorry! Almost 3 years ago, my father passed away very suddenly during some very unfortunate circumstances. This made my grieving process very complicated, as I constantly bounced back and forth between being angry at him and missing him like crazy. He passed at a very young age, as well. I was depressed for a long time after that, and developed an eating disorder as a result of being so depressed and anxious all the time (I was unable to eat or keep it down). A few months later, I was feeling better and started dating someone. I must have attached myself onto him very strongly, because after we broke up I found myself right back in a depression. It was awful. This lasted for almost a year, until I felt okay again. A little less like myself, but okay. At this point, I realized I didn’t really feel sadness when thinking of my father anymore. I didn’t feel anything. When other people talked of him, or something reminded me of him, I would sometimes cry but feel no sadness or loss like I did when his passing was so new. After about a year of being single, I started dating someone else. He had a bad reputation for himself and the way he treated girls, but after being told by his friends they genuinely saw a difference with the way he treated me, I decided to go along with it and ended up falling for him. It was a good relationship, I never fully got close to him but we got along well and I enjoyed his company. When I found out he cheated on me, I didn’t feel that depressed, heart-wrenching emotion that I had when I lost my father and when my first boyfriend after his passing broke up with me. I was sad, I couldn’t sleep for a few nights, and I didn’t want to let him go. When we finally broke up, I was still sad and hurt for a while. My emotions were chaotic and it was almost like I couldn’t attach a label to them. This is the last time I remember feeling anything, which was almost a year ago. The weird part was that they slowly went away, but they weren’t replaced with peace or acceptance. They were gone along with everything else. I don’t feel sadness for anything I’ve been through, and I don’t really find myself feeling happy for anything either. I noticed this because things that used to make me jump for joy, like getting a new paycheck, or going shopping, don’t affect me at all. Things that used to make my heart sink, like watching my sister cry, or getting into fights with my family, don’t do anything to me anymore. As much as I wanted the darkness and the hurt to go away when I was feeling it, now I would do anything to feel it again. I want so badly to be able to actually feel sad when I cry. Actually feel happy when I’m laughing. I feel like I am losing myself, like my personality has changed and I have no depth anymore. My sex drive is completely gone, too, when it used to be very high (this is one of the worst parts lol). I like to think that these emotions are still in me, and that I just can’t feel them. I’m sure people will say go to therapy and things along the lines of that. I can’t do that for a while, because everything is shutting down, and even when I used to they never helped with an issue like this. Does anyone have any advice? As much as I want to allow myself to feel my painful emotions, along with all of the other ones, I can’t. It’s hard to explain, but I can’t. Has anyone had an experience like this? Has anyone ever overcome something like this? How did you do it? Thank you.