i (16) have 2 sisters, one is 18 (we'll call her Mary) and the other will be 21 in a few weeks (we'll call her Elizabeth). Mary and I have always been close. She moved back home a few months ago because of everything going on and our relationship has never been better. I struggle with severe anxiety and depression disorders, and she's been nothing but understanding and supportive. Elizabeth is a different story. When she was in high school, she didn't talk to me. At all. No exaggeration, the most she would say to me were "happy birthday" and "merry christmas" when appropriate. It destroyed me. I spent so much time wondering what I could have done to upset her. I blamed myself for being a bad sister, and it wasn't until the past few weeks that I've some time to contemplate and realize that it's not my fault. Even now, she barely talks to me. When she does, it's always something critical. The last time we spoke was my family birthday celebration. We went out to breakfast at my favorite diner. She spent the entire time discussing politics with Mary and my parents, which of course excluded me as the only person at the table who won't vote at the next election. Not to mention I hate political talk. It causes me a lot of anxiety. So I didn't participate, because I knew it would only lead to distress. She excluded me at my own birthday celebration. Later that day, she didn't give me a gift. I know that doesn't sound like much, but her gifts are never material. They're always an activity, like going shopping together. So when she didn't do anything, it hurt not because I didn't get a present, but because she wasnt even willing to spend an hour of her time with me. This was two months ago. Since then, she's been living at her apartment. Last night my mom told Elizabeth will be coming home for a few days. I got anxious because my time with Mary is my only social interaction anymore, and she's the person I trust the most. But whenever Elizabeth is around, they spend so much time together because they have a lot of shared experience and shared friends that I don't. I'm afraid of being excluded as usual and losing my closest connection right now. I tried talking to my mom about my worries, but she ended up crying because she blames herself for how she shut me out me all those years. It really really hurt to see her like that. There's nothing she could have done. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to move on from this. I don't even think Elizabeth knows what she did. She's so hard to be around because she aggressive and argumentative and I'm scared to have her home. Any comfort or advice would he greatly appreciated.