Don't get me wrong. They're nice folks. They've let me move in to their home with my boyfriend, they don't make us pay rent (but we do so anyway just cuz we can afford it) and we all get along just fine...but there's this thing to them. This nasty fucking attitude and smug ass demeanor that I hate so bad and I really mean HATE because I've grown to hate it...ima give you guys an example. Today was my mom in laws birthday. Her two kids (my boyfriend and his sister) didn't get her SHIT. They're older too, in they're 20's so they have money and they have a car to go get stuff for her, they just...didn't. I felt so bad man, I love making my parents feel special on their birthdays...anyway I waited all day to see if they'd buy her flowers or cake or balloons and NOTHING. I raced to the market at 11:30pm to get her a cake. I found her a little angel food cake and a lemon cake and honestly I knew she liked both and just didn't know which one to get so I got her both and I got her some flowers. Came back home and lit the cake up and her reaction....was heartbreaking to me and honestly pissed me the fuck off. First she was like "ugh but I'm going to sleep already" then when we cut it she was like "it's too sweet I don't like it" and then when we were putting it away in the fridge she threw her plate on the table and was like "there's not even any space idk what I'm gonna do now I have to fix the fridge". I'm dead. The whole time just fucking complaining. I couldn't believe it, I mean they've done shit like this where they complain about shit but really lady? Your own kids didn't give a fuck about getting you shit and I rave to go get you something and you don't even say thank you??? Literally she didn't say thank you and she didn't even smile, NOT ONCE. She was just acting so miserable bro and I couldn't believe it. I'm so fucking done with this family honestly my boyfriend justifies how I feel but he doesn't really know what to do. I'm just happy I've changed him quite a bit and he's not like this anymore. But ugh...these people are just fucking something else. Lowkey it make me cry bcuz I thought she was gonna be so happy, I really felt bad for her and I really love her too. Not to mention for Mother's Day her kids didn't get her shit, I'm the only one that went and got her a gift and some balloons...I know she loves me too and we get along pretty well, I just don't get why his family is like this... they're fucked up people