My mom got married at a very young age and it was an arranged marriage. She never talks about her life before her marriage, but I found their wedding video yesterday and... I have never seen a woman so sad at her own wedding and it just broke my heart. When I was a kid, I didn’t understand what was going on. I saw the situation at my house and thought that’s how everyone's family is. That it was okay for a husband to treat his wife like a prisoner. Now I think about the past, I remember all the little things. I never met anyone from my mom’s family. My dad got in a fight with my moms family and cut all connections to them. Made her cut all connections to them. He would permit her one day, one fucking day to go to her sisters house. My six year old self did not understand what was happening, I wanted to meet the 'secret' family and whined to take me with her when she was leaving. My dad didn’t say anything then, but I did see the bruise on my moms arm later on. God knows what other bruises were hidden. That controlling sob didn’t even buy her a fucking phone. Forget giving one to his kids, he wanted to control who she talked to and didn’t want her talking to her OWN family. While his sisters were always up in my family’s business, always criticizing my moms housework. As a kid, I never understood why my mom hated my aunts. But you know, now I realize. Not being able to see your own family but having these shitheads critizing your every fucking move and mocking you. I would’ve lost my fucking my mind. But my mom.. my mom stayed, she suffered through all of that, the degrading, the mocking, the abuse, the isolation. Fucking all of that so me and my sister could have the illusion of a 'family', so we could be happy. She gave up her fucking soul so that me and my sister could have a future. She is the bravest fucking person in my life and I wish I would’ve realized this sooner. I am disgusted to think how I had adopted my dads thoughts about my mom. I remember when I used to think she was so stupid when my dad would berate her. I remember getting angry at her when my dad wouldn’t let me do smoothing. Even after that, she would try to help me by asking my dad herself. He always got angry when she asked something. But she did and directed all his anger towards herself so that her kids could get their wishes fulfilled. But all these years, under this nightmare of a life took a toll on her. He didn’t let her keep anything from before she was married. But she hid one photo from him. That picture was of her before her marriage, before she got stuck in that awful house. She was so pretty and youthful. I had never seen her smile like that before. She is still beautiful but you can see that life has taken a toll on her. She is only in her 40s but her face has that grim look, the one that has been worn down, the one that has seen too much. It makes me mad that I cannot give her the 25 years she has lost because of that monster. I cannot take all that suffering back. She got diagnosed with depression last year. Probably had it for a long fucking time. When she would meet her psychiatrist, I would sit outside his office. Usually it would be loud outside but that one day it was pretty quiet so I could hear their conversation. I wanted to go out and give them their privacy but I stayed. I heard her voice and I clearly remember what she said “my children are my rock and I couldn’t live without them. They are the best thing of my life. They are so nice to me” That.. it fucking hurt because I knew the truth. I wasn’t the best child, not even close, I wasn’t the child she deserved. She gave up all her fucking life for me and I had been so selfish and ungrateful. That day I sat outside the office and I cried, I cried because I could never fucking repay her, never get her the life she fucking deserved. My mom is a fucking saint and she never deserved what she got. That monster she married to, never deserved this fucking saint of a woman. I am where I am because of her and I wish ... i fucking wish I could erase all those painful years of her life.