So I thought I’d put this on here because I want to see other people’s thoughts.  I’m a good guy in general I think, I do pretty good in school, I’ve had a few dates but never a relationship and I’m always careful to be respectful except for last night. About a week ago I sent out a text to the girl I was talking to to call her cute and saying good night, she left me on open and said goodnight, she left me on opened and didn’t text me so I confronted her about it yesterday afternoon.  I just said hi, she left that on opened too so I talked about how disrespectful it was that she was ghosting me, keep in mind I checked beforehand that I didn’t send get texts after that but she said I was the one ghosting her and I left her on open.  I know for a fact I didn’t but we got into an argument because she was being disrespectful, she also cancelled two dates to go out with friends, she made plans after we set up the date which was rude of her.  Later that night I felt bad about it but I wanted to see what she put on her story about me so I added her back and while I made a second account and started talking to her, I only did it to get added to her private story and I stopped texting her after that with that account, she posted in all caps that all men are psychopaths on her private.  Eventually she added me back on my actual account, I told her that I was sorry for unadding her, that it was childish that I unadded her but we continued talking and she knew the other account was me, I forgot to use a vpn/turn off my map.  But I kept texting her about it, apologized but I knew based off her responses she was going to post this on her story to get some attention, I deactivated the other account and blocked her and her friends on my main account.  She goes to another school 40 minutes away from me but I still know one of her friends has a friend in common with me that goes to my school and I’m acquaintances with.  She has a pretty high snap score so I know she’s added a lot of people so there’s a good chance some of my friends will see this, I’m scared she’ll message my friends or my family or my school about this.  I know what I did was wrong but I feel awful about doing it and I’m terrified of the potential consequences.