I wish he would die. He is a Fking monster. The family wakes up early to get to work on time and he acts like we are waking him up on purpose and plays the victim " I cry everyday because of you". Starts pouring water on my and my sisters bed because he feels that we wake him up on purpose. He thinks he's the king of the castle and everyone should walk on eggshells around him. Any slight noise you can hear his displeasure as he slams on the door, the table. He cut himself out of the family photos and thinks our whole family is disgusting. I have never ever in my life dealt with such a psychopath. My parents are afraid to say anything to him since he is the youngest and he is the son. They are in denial and he also treats them like shit. When my dad coughs in the bathroom he runs down the stairs and screams while plugging his ears because it disgusts him. One day he came home and his room door was open and he kicked open my door and my sisters door while I was trying to sleep ( I work night shift so I sleep during the day) repeating like a psycho " why did you open my door?!?!?? Why did you open my door?!? When he didn't close his own door properly and it flew open itself after wind blew into the house. Repeatedly kicking open our doors after we closed it. Because we disgust him so much he does not eat any of the food my parents make and makes his own food. One day he freaks out and claims that my sister and I are his food and he was starving for seven months. My parents literally leave a pile of cash for him to order food and he has a stockpile of groceries that he uses to cook. In the middle of the night since I am awake. I try to be as quiet as possible and go to the bathroom, he wakes up and starts slamming his bed because I "woke him up". I'm afraid to go to th bathroom in the middle of the night and my sister always carries a pair of scissors with her when she leaves her room. We had to change the locks to our room. He is 19 and has no job. I wish he would die. I am afraid to leave my room when he is in the house. When I go into my room and unlock the door, you can hear him slamming on his desk to show his displeasure. It's like he is always listening to see if we make any noise. Additionally every since we were kids the bathroom door was always left open. All of a sudden one day he decides the door must stay closed and when me and my sister leave the bathroom open he will make a scene and come out of his room to slam thee door shut. It is an old house so we try to leave the door open so the moisture isn't trapped inside the room. So since we had to close the door now so this fker won't freak out, we started leaving the bathroom fan ont to try to get as much moisture out, then he would freak out and open the door and slam the fan button and slam the door shut.everything we do it's like he's watching listening and find ways to make our life miserable. I've mentioned many times that he needs to see a psychiatrist or something but my asian parents don't take me seriously due to the stigma against mental health. I'm a afraid he will murder my family one day. I am looking to move out and buy my own house but it is taking longer than I planned. I have thoughts that I want to kill him