My biggest regret started with a few tumbles in life leading me to have some disagreements with my father. I was arrested in 2017 on two driving charges and spent a lot of time and effort getting through it. My father was going through a bankruptcy and divorce. We kept our problems to ourselves, never letting the other worry about our stress, carrying our own burdens. It was what I learned from him and what he taught me. I guess I carry a lot of the same mindset my father did. As he was getting his feet back on solid ground he wanted me to co-sign a loan for him to get a vehicle. After spending a lot money trying to live on my own, balancing the bills with lawyer costs, I told him I would without second thought. He was living back with my grandfather after a failed attempt at living on his own, bouncing between living at different girlfriends houses. So I did wind up giving it second thought and backed out of co-signing his loan at the last minute. Leaving him with no vehicle. He called upset with me, telling me he didn’t have a vehicle to go see his new girlfriend who was in the hospital. After looking her up before the call and hearing about her hospital visit I came to the conclusion she was a typical meth user and told him he doesn’t need to be with her. After giving him my opinion on how he needed to get his life together and forget about her he got very angry with me, which brought about an unusual anger within me as I’m not a person that gets bent out of shape easy. We had it out for about 10 minutes on the phone before he hung up. I never had another conversation with him before his untimely death three months later. I got the news of his heart attack/car wreck the weekend after my birthday. We didn’t talk on my birthday, I got a Facebook post and that was it. I didn’t celebrate my birthdays in the few years past so it wasn’t a thought in my head that we didn’t chat. I spiraled out in a deep depression. Me and my father were two in one. I learned everything from him. From the way I act, to the things I know, to everything I’m interested in, to the things I do for fun, everything. It didn’t help that everyone who knew him always confused me for him and called me by his name everywhere I went. It sickened me just to look in the mirror after he died because of how much we look alike. My uncle could barely look at me afterwards because I remind him so much of his brother. I regretted every minute of that last phone call we had. I would give anything in the world to be able to talk to him again and tell him I’m sorry for not being there for him, for opening up myself so he could’ve opened up to me. I haven’t told anybody about it. It’s ate away at me for almost two years now. I still beat myself up about it from time to time and never forgive myself. I’m not sure if I’m asking for advice or just wanting to get this public confession off my chest once and for all.