For a bit of a backstory, my parents split when I was 5, and was in the middle of it all. I watched then hit each other spit on each other, call the police on each other too. I woke up one morning to see my dad sleeping on the couch with a different woman than my mom and I was confused. I’m now a 17yo M. But this is where the main bit begins.  Half way through 2019, at that time 16, I should’ve been the happiest I’d ever been, I’d just gotten back from the trip of a lifetime, and made some new friends, however I was so miserable and sad. I had my first anxiety attack about 2 weeks after that trip while talking to one of those friends. They said I should tell my parents which I decided to do, I told my mom first who was confused because she had never dealt with something like this before, but she was there. When I told my dad he said it’s just a phase and you’ll get over it. I went to my family doctor, where I was told that she couldn’t prescribe manic depressive(if I remember correctly) because it wasn’t long enough, which I understood, and still do. I was prescribed anti depressants, which my mom didn’t let me take for a while due to the side effects. Eventually she let me take them after a huge argument where she confronted me about faking it all. About a week or so later I began self harming, and didn’t want to even get out of bed for anything. I ate barely nothing and started calling in to a lot of my shifts. This continued for a while until July. Me and one of my friends got into a large fight. I felt like I couldn’t do anything right. I felt like I was a complete and total failure. I had no money and felt completely useless to everyone. Where it got worse and I began having suicidal thoughts, and was my first shitty attempt at my life. I was scared and but tried and failed. No one found out either. I continued cutting myself. Half way through this month my stepdad told me that he thought I was faking it all as an act for attention which shattered me even further. I felt like if the person who I considered a father figure didn’t even believe me then who would. August when I had a second attempt at my life, once again shitty attempt. At this point another friend messaged my mom in concern for me when I was checked into a mental hospital for a week, where my father said he was disappointed in me. I was released a week later after speaking with a councillor throughout that week.  For a while I felt okay, I stopped taking my pills where again my mom questioned if I was faking it all or not. and November, when was it started to feel like it came back, and I was back to square one. I cut myself again and was disappointed in myself. Some nights are better than others but as of late now 2020 I feel all those thoughts coming back to me again and once again am contemplating taking my life. I’ve been not wanting to get out of bed, thinking to myself why am I even here, and for the days I do decide to get out of bed, I’ll normally skip school, and make some shitty excuse. I feel like nothing’s worth it anymore. My life feels like a spiral downhill. My mom is now a borderline alcoholic, my stepdads in a shitty place mentally too, he tries to fake being happy, but living with him for 14 years, I can tell that it’s an act. I think that once I left the hospital I put up walls to protect myself again, and I think I took them down with my friends where everything poured out. Maybe I’m just not meant to have friends or an SO because of what happens when I feel comfortable around people. Sorry if anything didn’t make sense in there, was just a lot I needed to get off of my mind.