I'm basically writing this because I spend so much time feeling guilty about this and I don't know what to do about it. I hope this will provide some relief. When I first went to college I was so scared about meeting new people. Lucky for me I met (what I thought at the time) my best friends the second night there. It was me, G (female), D (male), and C (male). We all instantly clicked and started hanging out all the time. We did everything together, eating, studying, hanging out. I felt so comfortable with them and I can genuinely say that it was the happiest time of my life. However, I somehow messed it all up. G and D ended up rushing and joining a fraternity and sorority. All of a sudden it felt like they didn't have any time for me and C. I know it wasn't always their fault because a lot of the stuff they were doing was mandatory. It was just that they kept saying they would have more time in a bit when things calmed down, but then they kept saying that and needing more and more time. It ended up feeling like they just didn't want to spend time with me and C anymore. It was really hard to go from doing everything together, to just me and C all the time. We didn't really have anyone else, just each other, but it got hard only spending time with him. I started to get more and more depressed. I know C was going through some hard times at that point too and was struggling a bit with depression. I didn't always want to spend time with just him, but I did't have anyone else to do stuff with at the time. When the semester ended and summer started and things got worse. It was a tough transition for me to go back home because things aren't great with my family. C got pretty clingy at that time too. It I didn't respond to his messages, he would keep messaging me and send me voicemails of him crying asking if I didn't want to be his friend anymore until I responded. One of these times he sent me a voicemail saying that he got diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. This really freaked me out since my sister has BPD and depression. I had a panic attack for the first time in my life which freaked me out even more. It was a pretty bad attack, I was crying and hyperventilating and I felt like I couldn't breathe. He then began the desperate messages. He started saying that he was in a really bad place and that he really needed me. I remember one message said something like "please just say something or tell me to kill myself." I wasn't in the mental place between everything going on with my family and the panic attack to help him. I took the advice of a friend and ended up sending him a message basically telling him that I can't help and that he really needs to seek professional help before blocking him on basically everything. That was about a year ago. It's been hard and this year was really hard making new friends. Nothing has even been close to feeling as happy as I was that first semester. Sometimes I just sit and wonder how I fucked up the best part of my life so badly. I think about C a lot too and how I left him when he needed me most. It makes me feel like the shittiest person in the world to do that to someone when all they needed was me to be there for them. Sometimes I think about texting him and saying sorry but I'm too scared too. I don't know what to do.