I am still deeply in love with my ex. I am 22 currently, and she is almost 19. We were both abusive towards each other throughout the course of our relationship, and it tore me apart. I have never been more depressed in my life than I am right now. I had fucked up and downloaded tinder after 6 months of dating because I was going to move to Austin to be near her while she went to school there. I had only downloaded it with the prospect of looking for roommates and friends and had no other ill intentions because I was happy with her and was moving across the state just to stay with her. However, it all went down hill from there as she didn’t believe me and it basically ruined our relationship. I was supposed to move to Austin later that month but her and my father convinced me to stay and wait until I had more money to comfortably do so. However, she soon turned angry towards me for not being in Austin and not having my life put together at the time and yelling at me if I did something she didn’t feel was right for me but made me happy. (I was 21 when this was happening). It drove me into a depression and I genuinely thought about killing myself just to put an end to the hurt. Not to mention, someone made fake dating app accounts with my face in them and I have a feeling it was someone who was trying to drive us apart because her friends never liked me and this just ruined us more. I did my best to forgive her, but a part of me couldn’t get over it. Fast forward a couple months to February of this year and I had downloaded tinder again to try and get back at her for all the hurt she put me through. I immediately regretted it and I would do absolutely anything to go back and fix it. It destroyed her, and to this day she still hates me for it. I fucked up so many times. I know I don’t deserve her, and I know I am the worst type of human. I hate myself every day for it and I just don’t know what to do anymore. I am in a deep depression right now and I just want it all to be over. Her and I still talk every now and then but I can tell that she hates me and doesn’t want anything to do with me. But I still love her. And I just want the pain to end.. I would do anything to get her back, but I know she’s moving on and I should just let her go.