I’m 18 and this past month I’ve been getting tested for heart issues which were terminal which were most likely a result of my brain tumour. I played it off with everybody and made jokes about it, but inside I thought about it deeply thinking how would I spend a decade of my life left (maybe less) living with a condition that will just continually get worse and affect my quality of life until I die of it. I was mad that I even prayed death upon myself in terms of sickness because I wanted to die so badly then. During this time I was angry at myself for thinking like this, but I’m not going to lie, these past few days I thought maybe I deserved this disease because of how horrible I was and still am. I thought about all of the things I wanted to do in life, and how I wanted to die of old age and not of suicide. I started to think how would I fit all of my dreams that were shadowed in this darkness in less than 10 years. I forgot how I wanted to be a doctor, I forgot how I wanted to sail to those oases in the corners of the earth, I forgot how I wanted to build a business, all those dreams and secrets covered by that darkness came out when I found out when I was told I might die. It’s weird, because I used to want to die everyday and these things never came to the surface, but when I’m told that I may be literally dying all of it came to the surface and it opened my eyes of how much of my life I wasted burrowing myself in this darkness. Ironically finding out that I could be dying saved me, I told myself then before finding out the results, that whatever it may be I’m going to live everyday like it’s the last. I plan to do that now, I plan to keep on fighting this brain tumour which is affecting so many things in my body, I still have many more tests to do for other parts of my body but despite that I’m still going to try. I need to get out of this box, I’m sick of it. My first plan is to graduate, I was so depressed that I had an attendance of 34 days last year, now I need to graduate. After that, I hope to be an aupair, and after that, we’ll have to see. If you’re reading this and feel like killing yourself or feel absolutely hopeless that life is not good, use my story, I was told by my doctor that I’m probably dying and this was the light for me that lit the end of the tunnel which seemed so dark before. For others, it’s their suicide attempts that wake them up, just know it does get better and it will. I can’t say when it will happen or how, but it will. I had a friend who attempted 5 times, for her having her child is what got her better and now she’s much better. It’s different things for everybody, who knows what yours might be, but it will get better, trust me on that, I never thought it would for me and here I am writing this for you. If you read this, thank you. I am sorry if it’s very messy and all over the place.