He was different. He was mean. From the beginning. I should have known he was a bad idea. From the little comments about my availability and the dog. I should know if I would be free or not. My apartment wouldn’t smell like a dog lived there if I cleaned it. When I didn’t answer right away he sounded upset. He wanted some things that were just too extreme for me. I couldn’t get myself to do it. Then I got tired. I wanted to stop because I didn’t want to keep going. He said fine let me look at you while I finish. He wasn’t happy with how I was laying. He made a comment about my hair down there. He said there was too much so I needed to turn around so he could look at me ass. I thought he was just going to finish there. But he started getting too close. I would pull away each time I felt him. I told him to stop because I wouldn’t be able to control myself if he kept doing that. I couldn’t just tell him to stop and risk him getting upset. Saying no because it was *his* fault didn’t seem like an option. I felt him start to go in me. He shouldn’t have fucking touched me. It took me way too long to turn back over so he would stop. He wanted me to finish him off but I was so fucking scared of what was going to happen since he touched me. I was afraid because I wasn’t supposed to be having sex in the fucking first place. I told him that before he came over. He knew. I was afraid that even just the tip of him going in me would cause a complication. I was so fucking scared. He tried to get me to finish him off, but I was freaking out. I just wanted him to leave. I tried to hold myself together until he left. He tried to see if I was okay for a minute. He said something about having anxiety too. He didn’t get it though. He didn’t know why I was so scared. I told him I couldn’t have sex because of what my fucking doctor told me. He didn’t give half a shit. He left and I cried. I texted Kasey because I was so scared. I texted him asking if I should be worried about anything or need to get checked. He got mad when I didn’t understand what he was saying because his message could have been interpreted in a few different ways. I just wanted to make sure. But he was so mean. Then he tried to get me to go see him. I told him I had work to do. He got mad again. Sent me the middle finger emoji. I haven’t wanted to talk to him. The only reason I haven’t blocked him is because I’m afraid he’s going to tell me something is wrong and I need to get checked before I find out myself. And now because of the current state of things, I don't know when I will be able to. I know for two and one was positive. I'm really scared to find out the rest.