My mom seemed really upset yesterday when I got home from work. I laid in bed with her and talked to her for what felt like the first real conversation we’ve had in a while. We talked about why she got upset, and she said she had a disagreement with a coworker/close friend over how to handle the fifth grade moving up ceremony. Schools are closed until the end of the year in the state I live in due to what’s going on in the world right now, so the fifth grade moving up ceremony has to be virtual. I guess her coworker, who also happens to be a close friend of hers, said some really nasty things that hurt my mom’s feelings. My mom has already been struggling with depression/anxiety for years, and this must have pushed her over the edge. I talked with her for a while, and she told me that she went on a walk with the dog and tried to hang herself in the woods. And I can’t stop replaying that image in my head and it makes me sick to think that she even wanted to try to kill herself. I cant believe that she was that close to committing suicide, and I didn’t even know. I know that she hasn’t been in a good place mentally because she has been stuck at home while my dad and I are at work all day. I’ve been preoccupied with my own life, working full time, taking online classes, and applying to PA school, so I feel like I haven’t been there for her like I should be. I feel like I’ve distanced myself so much from my mother because she has a drinking problem, and I see so much of her anxiety and depression in myself that being around her too much brings me down. I feel like I’ve been selfish and avoided being home when I’m not working because being around my mother affects my mood. And I haven’t talked to her enough in the past couple of months to really know where she is mentally. I feel like such a shitty daughter right now, and I’m scared to leave her on her own because clearly she is not safe. I want to help her but ive tried to help her with her addiction for years, and dealing with the lying and manipulation got the best of me, and since then, I’ve sort of distanced myself to protect my own mental health. I dont even know where I’m going with this post-I just feel so guilty for being emotionally unavailable, and I’m scared what she’ll do if she’s alone. I guess I just needed someone to vent to, and I dont really feel comfortable telling this to anyone else right now besides my dad. I don’t know what to do