She keeps refusing to go out with me even though she is quiet sweet and friendly when we meet in person. We live in the same building and we meet quiet often. We share common spaces and I tried few times to ask her out. She always declines. Last week she asked me if I am going to the beach with the group of our mutual friends and I said I will see, then I went to her place and asked her to go, she said yes. And we went. We spent good time together. She is a nice person and I enjoy her company. I enjoy being around her. I never bother her? Or try to upset her? At least that I am aware of. I try to be sweet. I was cooking for her some treats. I try to to sweet talk her. I give up on asking her out because rejection hurts and thats not the first time she declines. I am confused and I am bitter about it. She always has an excuse to decline or postpone. Even though she doesnt mind being around me. I hug her quiet often. I told her that she is beautiful. I feel she doesnt want to get close and I want to gain her trust without forcing myself on her. I am hurt too of her reactions to me. I befriended her sister too just to be close. I am taking the steps to please her and gain her trust. She doesnt want to show weakness and she doesnt want to get close to me. She is single and she is bisexual so its not the relationship type that is a problem. Its something else? Maybe its me that she is not interested? Perhaps I am not as good looking or charming to her? She had mentioned before that there is alot going on her mind and she had a tough past of sexual harassment from her mom’s bf and she never had a serious experience in relationship she is also moving abroad in 3 months. Yes perhaps there alot going on that she doesn’t have time and energy for a relationship. Perhaps I should have taken a hint the first time she rejected me and moved on. But we live in the same place. I see her everyday and I like her. She doesnt mind hugging me and I kissing her. I even hug her for longer time to make her feel loved and warm. I intentionally do it few times a day whenever possible. Last Saturday was a tough day for both of us. I managed to get over my anger and I made her laugh from heart. I then bought her ice cream to make her feel better. The next morning she saw me and hugged me tight. Then she invited me to have breakfast with her. I am attracted to her but she is so confusing. She doesnt mind the treats and little communication/ interactions we have but she doesnt want to go out with me. She doesnt want to get closer.