So for context I have been having suicidal thoughts for as long as I can remember. I'm only 15 but have gone through some horrible stuff. When I told my mom that I felt horrible mentally and I was planning my suicide she yelled at me for threatening her. She was saying things about me just wanting attention and that she might not be a great parent but she was a good person. I was confused and I still am. I did nothing to provoke her. The conversation was going fine then I told her I have been contemplating suicide and she snapped. I have no way of talkin to a therapist or getting other help so when I wanted to die I always turned to my mom. Even after all of the horrible things she put me through I wanted to believe next time would be better. Somewhat recently she has been saying that if I kill myself she would too. She didn't care what would happen to her fiance or even my little brother. I was angry and even more confused than before. She treats my little brother well. Almost like she decided to say fuck it with me because I was to far gone and treat him like a new beginning. He is spoiled by everyone, new clothes often, new toys, he enjoys pocket knifes so he gets those. It's an argument for me to gets socks for school because I'm "greedy and ungrateful". My little brother got angry with me because I was in the kitchen when he was trying to talk to my mom and he pulled his pocket knife out, opened it and threatened to cut me with it and my mom walks away but I simply curse and I get yelled at for having "no respect and not listening to peoples wishes". I have been asking her if I can go to the store because I need feminine products (I'm on my period) and she keeps saying "If you can't respect my parenting why should I respect your needs." I hate her with every inch of my heart, but that doesn't mean I want her life on my hands. I wish I could say that this was some horrible joke. I don't even believe in god but I have been praying for him to kill me swiftly, I don't think it works like that but it's worth a try. I just want to kill myself in peace, Is that to much to ask for?