Today, I realized my mental health is not as great as it's supposed to be, and cried for the first time in years. I've always felt my parents look down on me because they disagree with me not being happy with attending college, while my older brother has prevailed in his classes and is graduating very soon from a well-known university. I've felt left out, because there's always tension and arguments breaking out with my parents and I, yet they always have civilized conversations with my brother. I hate coming home because I always walk into immediate toxic and negative energy, and I haven't felt happy coming home in a very long time. My mother and I haven't spoken to each other in 2 weeks because of a heated argument, until today, when she argued with my father to cut off some of my services they pay for, then burst into my room and yelled at me while I was trying to do homework for college, while I was begging my Dad to get her to settle down so I can finish. When she left, I sat back down, looked at my wall for 3 minutes, and had tears streaming down my face. I felt defeated, and weak because I'm a 19 year old male who "isn't supposed to cry." For the first time ever in my life, I felt lost in purpose and thought about suicide. That's when I knew I definitely have depression. I called some friends to go hang out with, spent a good 5 hours with them, came back home to the negative energy again, and cried once more in the shower. It feels like things will never get better; I hate my new job I got a few weeks ago, I hate living here, I feel like moving out is impossible to do right now, and ill never be able to pursue my dream and start making music and collab with my favorite artists. Despite the suicidal thought today, I feel like ill never do it because I can't leave my brother, my friends, my grandparents, my 4 year old little cousin behind knowing I did that. if things get better, and if I ever find myself, my purpose, my happiness, ill be able to read this post and as a reminder of where I came from.