I’ve known this friend for several years now and she is the most supportive person I know. She has been there for me and vice versa. But the last half year I have been really mentally unstable, I’ve been depressed and suicidal, I became insecure, I started relying on drugs to get through my mental breakdowns. My relationship was unhealthy with my previous boyfriend and overall I was a mess. I have always looked up to this friend and I was hesitant when I would speak to her or when she wanted to hang out. I was embarrassed to admit that I was in a bad place and I didn’t want her to be disappointed in me. So I avoided most contact, I was pushing her away because I didn’t know how to act normal, and I didn’t want her to see me like that. But I went to her when I was in a really bad place. I didn’t know at the time but I only went to her when I felt I needed help. Recently I was in a really bad place and I pretty much went MIA with my friends for a couple days. I didn’t want to talk because I was tired of talking about how sad I was. But my friend texted me saying she was worried so I texted her letting her know I was in a bad place. And she texted me telling me that she was sorry that I’m struggling but she felt unsupported and lonely. She said I was dismissive and only reached out to talk about my problems. And it all hit me like a train. Looking back now I see that I was so caught up with feeling bad about myself. I wasn’t dealing with my problems so I ran and was desperately looking for someone else to save me. And I ran to her because she always was there and I took it for granted. And I was selfish in doing so, because I was so focused on how bad I felt, I didn’t realize I was hurting the one person who made me feel normal. But that doesn’t excuse the fact that I made her feel unsupported. My couple days away made me realize I want to be better, but now I know that I hurt someone I care about, I really want to fix myself so I won’t do it again. But more than that I feel awful, I don’t want her to feel like she can’t rely on me, I’m just not sure how to make things right, or if I can make it right.