Just got caught by my mother with pot. I'm 43 years old and living with my parents because I let drugs and alcohol get the best of me for 26 years and finally wound up near-dead, homeless and unemployed. I've been off of alcohol and all drugs except pot and kratom since August 11th, 2019. Life up until an hour ago was the best it's been since before I got into drugs and alcohol. I am holding down a great job, never felt mentally or physically better, not in any legal trouble, and the folks had never been happier to have me around and they told me as much. I've got a lot of money saved up and am ready to get another vehicle and place of my own. However, I am reeling from what just happened and there isn't anyone to talk to: I was in my room grabbing my weed stash when my mom barged in on an unrelated matter, saw something in my hand and asked what it was. I panicked and confessed that I had been sneaking a hit every now and then while smoking cigarettes on the patio. This crushed her, she's still in tears and I'm flabbergasted. There is no way I'm even going to try to explain to her that the occasional pinch-hit or couple of grams of kratom every now and then have been what's saved me over the past seven months from breaking down and scoring pills, dope or slamming a pint whenever I got anxious or upset over things. But that's not the point here. I betrayed their trust by bringing drugs into their home and led them to believe I was 100% sober. They are getting up there in age and getting upset really takes its toll on them. I'm still the miserable, dishonest liar I always was and am more ashamed of myself now than when I first admitted everything to them last August. The fact that I never stopped to think about how shitty sneaking around and doing this is, as minimal as it is in comparison to what I used to get up to, just indicates that I'm still the asshole I've always been and that I'm incapable of learning a lesson. I immediately dumped the weed out and vowed never to use it again and I really mean it. If she tells my dad I'm done. This is not the time to be homeless, asking friends for a couch. What the hell have I been thinking?! I'm the shittiest person I know and deserve every ounce of suffering I have coming my way.