I’m 16 (f). i’ve been raised in a conservative catholic family. we go to church every week and my whole life i’ve been surrounded in a very religious family/school. I always willingly went along with it, 100% having faith and a close relationship with god. But when i started going to high school everything changed. i go to a very liberal private school where everyone is super cosmopolitan and smart and forward thinking. one thing that is a main theme there is a lack of religiousness, if u will. the VAST majority of my classmates are super non religious, either are agnostic or are atheist. as a freshman (last year), i was super open about being a devout catholic and i honestly got bullied for it. people talked about me, didn’t want to be my friend and thought i was weird. they assumed things about me (she’s racist, homophobic etc) that are just not true. it was a horrifying experience and it left a scar on me emotionally. that social shunning... terrible. going in this year as a sophomore, i was determined to end the rumors. i wanted people to realize that im literally a normal teenager just like everyone else. so part of my (successful, btw) attempts to normalize myself included me agreeing with people talking about how they don’t have faith and think god is stupid. i’ve gone against SO many of what used to be morals i was proud of. somewhere along the way, i’ve lost so much of my faith. i WANT to believe in god but i just feel so far and distanced from her/him right now and i feel a bit of a hole inside me. i want to have faith again, but a new, better version that i’ve tailored to myself. i no longer have motivation to pray and all that. i miss it honestly... i want god in my life again without feeling like i have to force it OR that i’m a weirdo for having faith. (side note- my boyfriend whom i love and respect is a total atheist, so sometimes that hits me a little. someone i’m so close to and share my life with doesn’t believe in god or put time into it, so it def contributes to my loss of faith.