I don't know what to do, and I'm here mostly just to vent. Be warned, this will be extremely rambly. I (M18) feel as though I am drowning. I don't even know if I know what love feels like. I am in love with two girls. One has a bf and is 2 years younger than I, and one is a freshman; at least 3, maybe 4, years younger than me. 3 years is not a game breaking age gap later in life, but right now it feels kinda weird. I am very good friends with the one with a bf, let's call her Jane. And I'm getting there with the one that is younger, let's call her Jill. I've known Jane for a very long time. She wasn't in my age group, but she is a relative of someone who was, so Ive known about her existence pretty much her whole life. She recently moved up into my class and I found myself in love. I of course kept it a secret from everyone. I talked to her and got to know her and we are now very good friends. Just over a year ago, she squired a boyfriend, and I hated myself for not telling her how I felt. She is still in that relationship. This year (my senior year) a freshman moved up into the highschool. Jill dressed like no one else: styled like the 90s and I thought she was kinda cute and moved on. Progressively we saw each other during the school day. We were in the same club and we had the same friends in it. She seemed kinda timid so I started to talk to her to build her confidence. I guess it was then when I started falling for her too. Now we talk about stuff, and send letters to each other, and just are pretty good friends. My dilemma is which girl to go for. I could wait and see if Jane breaks up with her bf and maybe lose my chance with jill. Or I could go for Jill right now. The catch is if I go with Jill right now and Jane breaks up, I think I would drop Jill in exchange for her. And I'm pretty sure it would break Jill in ways I can't imagine. It sounds pretty scummy when I say it like that, but I am more in love with Jane than with Jill. And I don't want to put anyone through that regardless. So the question is: wait for Jane and maybe lose both, or go with Jill and maybe break her beyond repair if Jane becomes free? Or maybe there's a third option I haven't thought of in my lovesick babbling at 1 in the morning.