when i turned 18 i moved in with my boyfriend at the time. we had been together for 5 years. it was a risky choice but we had been together long enough we thought it was safe. we were happy. i was adjusting and i was sensitive, but we were happy. he was as supportive as he'd ever been. but we lost it. we lost what we had. within a few weeks he stopped sharing the blanket with me(i saw past it, it was cold and i had my own from my family's house). then he flipped so we were laying opposite to each other. he got more and more distant. i was scared and felt more alone than i had living with my family(not the best situation). then it happened. we had an argument in class, he left the room to stand outside. after i cooled, i went to him. he was being comforted by someone we had feelings against but that's another story. i felt my heart drop. i tried to talk to him alone but i couldn't say anything. i ended up leaving the school. i never went back. i went to his house, my home. and i cried until tears wouldn't come. i sobbed. his mother knocked on the door to the bedroom, but i couldn't get up to answer. she left me alone. he went to hang out after school with some friends so he didn't come home until late. when he did, he was cold. he sat me in our room and broke up with me. then and there. he told me he fell out of love with me just 5 days into us living together. i shattered. i begged and cried for him to let us mend, which i of course regret now, but he had been my everything. i never went back to school, and i barely left the bed. he didn't kick me out and didn't tell his family until i was able to leave. i went to visit my family in my hometown and stayed for a week. i came back, packed up all my shit, and moved back in with my family. i'm not angry at him, he let me go through my emotions and still helped me through it all. we were toxic for each other and i know that. but it still hurts. all of me still aches for the good times we had. i want to feel happy and not alone. it's almost a year. in just a month i'll be 19, and i still hurt just as much as i did that day. i think about him and us often and i don't want to anymore. i want to be free of this pain. of these thoughts. i want to grow and be happy and be the person i want to be, but everything drags me down. everything i own is connected to him. everything i see reminds me of him. i'm a better person now, i've gotten help. but nothing will stop me from thinking of him. he was the first and only person who understood me as well as i understand myself. i really felt that we would be together until we were old.  it's almost a year, and i still hurt the same. i don't think it'll ever stop hurting.