We’ve been friends since 5th grade. Through middle school we were truly inseparable. It was so easy for us to get along back then, when we had nothing to worry about and we would swim in the pool and play wii and watch movies and drink capri-suns out on the porch. But even then we were different. She was so bold and confident and I was more calm and shy but we always balanced each other out. She was never really the greatest person when I think about it, but I didn’t care back then. We’ve done so much together, and we have so many fond memories. But she doesn’t hold onto them the way I do. She’s living in the present, completely. She drinks and parties and lives it up with her large crowd of friends. I’m mature, but I don’t do any of those things. I’ve found a small comfortable group of friends who still does the fun things we used to do together now rather than partying. She’s so far away from me. We have so little in common and even when we do see each other we feel like mere acquaintances. So why is she still insistent on being my friend? She already has so many. What does she gain from spending time with me anymore? I don’t want to do anything she wants me to do, and I get obviously uncomfortable when she pressures me. I barely answer her texts and yet she still sends them. Why does she bother? Everything I’m passionate about now she cares so little for. I’m different from her. I’m not looking for a fun little drive around town or to drink and laugh the night away. I want deep connections with my friends. I can’t get that from her, and she can’t really get it from me. I’ve always been someone she vents to. But she never listened to me. Every time I’ve tried to distance myself from her or very gently break things off she worms her way back into my life. She scares me. I’m afraid of things I post, and the way she might judge me for saying certain things. I’m scared I’ll reveal my actual personality to her, instead of the fake one I’ve crafted to be suitable for our friendship. We can’t be those young girls we were before. How can I remove her from me? How do you get rid of someone you’ve known for so long? I don’t want to hurt her. I don’t want to say “Let’s not be friends anymore” even if I did she would still try to be my friend. How do I stop this? I don’t want to worry about her or what she thinks of me anymore. She’s becoming someone I want to be far away from. I just don’t really like her anymore. I feel so guilty and yet I don’t at the same time. Why is it so hard?