The wano arc is on its end,  all of the characters were exhausted except luffy, kidd, law and kaido.   Luffy starts to attack kaido with all his strength,  Kaido prefers to catch the attack instead of dodging because of tiredness.  Kaido was hurt. But it is not enough,  Kaido counter attack and luffy got hit. Luffy was unconscious because of the blow he receive.  While luffy were unconscious,  it is kidd and law's turn.  Their combo was perfect.  Kidd awakened his df,  their speed and strategy highly damaged kaido.  Still,  it is not enough,  kaido charged the two protagonists and attacked them with one of his best attack.  Again,  they also become unconscious,  because od anger,  kaido intends to end this and kill our protagonists.  He charged towards kidd and law.  He throw a big punch,  but suddenly he was thrown away with an unknown attack.  Kaido vomit blood this time,  he get up and hes searching where does the attack came from, revealing luffy with his gear 5th.  Kaido became really mad,  he attack luffy without hesitation,  luffy also attacked kaido,  these piwerful attack exchanges lasted an hour,  at last they decided to finish this whole thing,  they both charged their best attack, giving their all strength in one blow. They now attack each other with all their strength.  The land and the clouds split,  the surroundings becane foggy,  the field was filled with silence.  After sometime the fog was cleared revealing kaido and luffy unconscious.   After seeing this,  the strawhats became a little worried but started celebrating because they finally beat kaido.  They started crying out of happiness,  nami run towards luffy,  but nami started to cry hysterically.  The strawhats immediately ran towards nami,  revealing that luffy is not breathing,  they alk started crying hysterically while chopper starts to revive luffy.  A noise started to be heard, they look towards the noise,  the aurrounding is still foggy on that area,  but when the area becomes clear.  Their sadness turns into nightmare. Its the marine,  a circle chamber started to build on the strawhats area and immediately the strawhats was teleported away from the marines,  it is law's room and beg the strawhat to leave immediately,  luffy and law was left behind.  Law begged the marines to spare the rest of the strawhat and just capture him and luffy instead.  Yhe marinea agreed and flew away.  While on the marines ship,  law started his df operation,  his operation succeeded and luffy was revived but immediately,  law has collapsed and declared dead. Despite of this,  luffy still will be executed in the new marine headquarters.  The world heard the news and the world atmosphere was changed.  Dragon commanded the revolutionary army to get ready for a battle,  the grand fleet unite.  Shanks heard it and immediately sailed on their ship.  Garp was mad and secretly flew to marineford,  boa hancock unite her crew and the rest of luffy's friend from alabasta,  dressrosa,  skypiea,  water 7, etc.  Unite.  And the greatest war is going to begin.