I know this post is old news and everything came out years ago. I been watching this show since I was 13 and it ended when I was an adult. I remember loving everything about this show in its prime. It’s mind boggling to me that all the shit went down behind scenes. But i have the dvds that I grew up watching religiously. In the season 3 dvd specials they had behind the scene stuff with Danneel Harris and Mark and looking back on it that was so awkward and she looked pissed and upset like she wants to leave. There is some with lee Norris aka mouth and he looks like he’s upset too. I always wondering why Peyton left so suddenly and now it makes sense. It also makes sense why she was treated like shit whenever she was brought up by a character when she left. Also it’s creepy that mark made himself a character that lived at home in his 30s who owned a record store and talked to Peyton on random weird occasions. I’m surprised that nobody really caught on to this stuff before it came out unless I missed it but it’s so obviously now that Mark was really a controlling jackass. I always wondered too if he was angry at Joy because Haley is my favorite but compared to the rest of the characters they gave her scrap storylines and other than season 2 her character was used to be there for other characters. I remember back when It was on the air everything was about Brooke or Peyton and the network never used Haley other than season 2.  Also the parents or older adults  on the show like Moira, Barbara, Paul, Craig, Barry none of them ever spoke out about what happen? I know the cast was all adults but I notice Moira and Barbara didn’t even sign the letter or speak out?  Also James Lafferty did another project with Mark after Tree Hill. Why wouldn’t even do anything with him after what he saw for nine years? I think it was royals and I wanna say he either wrote or directed a few of the episodes. Also Paul who played Dan got in trouble with buzzfeed for sexual harassing a writer that did a piece with him. Does anyone know what Mark is doing now? Because I don’t think he spoke out after everything came out?