 More than 100 stealth egg attacks baffle one Euclid homeowner and police  (photos and video) EUCLID, Ohio -- An 85-year-old Euclid man's home has  become the target of mysterious egging attacks that began in March 2014  and haven't stopped. The continuous onslaught of eggs has baffled  police, neighbors and local government officials who have tried and  failed to identify the source of the attacks that have ruined the man's  home and kept his family on edge. "The accuracy is phenomenal," Albert  Clemens, Sr. said. "Because almost every time when it's nice weather and  they launch five or six of these at a time, they almost invariably hit  the front door." Clemens green two-story house sits on the corner of  Wilmore Avenue and East 210th Street. He and his wife bought the home as  newlyweds about 60 years ago. Though his wife has since passed away,  Clemens still lives there with his 49-year-old daughter and 51-year-old  son. The house has been pelted with eggs several times a week --  sometimes more than once a day -- for the past year. The attacks always  happen after dark and last around 10 minutes each. The family has been  awoken as late as 2 a.m. by what sounds like the crack of a gunshot  against the aluminum siding or front door. Clemens and police believe  the eggs are being launched from a block or two away. The siding on the  front of Clemens' home is destroyed, splattered with dried egg residue  that stripped off the paint. Other than a few rogue eggs that hit nearby  homes, no other neighbors have been targeted. "Somebody is deeply,  deeply angry at somebody in that household for some reason," Euclid Lt.  Mitch Houser said. Winter offered a short respite for the family, as the  egging became less frequent during the cold weather. But both Clemens  and police anticipate the attacks picking back up as the snow and ice  thaw. An unsolved mystery Euclid police have not taken the investigation  lightly. They've spent a year doing undercover stakeouts, canvassing  the neighborhood and even sending eggshells for testing. The  department's entire community policing unit was dedicated to tracking  down the eggers at one point. Officers respond quickly to every egging  call at the home -- which is less than a mile from the police station.  Both Clemens and detectives are at a dead end when it comes to suspects.  Clemens had suspicions about a young man across the street who  confronted him a couple years ago and asked him to stop calling police  about suspicious activity in the neighborhood. Clemens said that he had  started calling police more often as he noticed more crime -- mostly  suspected drug activity. Another neighbor Clemens suspected was ruled  out when officers saw him standing outside as an attack occurred in the  presence of police. Investigators have taken several different  approaches to nabbing the eggers, including installing a surveillance  camera on the house. Detectives even collected some eggshell samples and  tested them in a crime lab. The eggs were traced back to a local Amish  farm, but the trail ended there. Clemens says the culprits either have  access to a large supply of eggs or are stealing them from businesses  that throw them out when they go bad. Detectives have followed this  thread, visiting local restaurants and businesses asking about missing  eggs. They've also tried collecting fingerprints from eggshells, but  Houser said that's an impossible task. When an egg breaks, it releases  proteins that destroy DNA. Officers have gone door to door questioning  neighbors and handing out fliers. Nobody has come forward with any tips.  "The person or people who are doing it have remained very tight-lipped  apparently," Houser said. "I would imagine it would be hard to keep a  secret of something that had been done hundreds of times and for nobody  to step forward to talk about it." The guilty parties don't appear to be  intimidated by police interest in the case. An officer last year was  taking a report when a barrage of eggs was launched at the house. One  hit him in the foot. Houser said he's never seen this level of vandalism  in his 20 years of police work. It's frustrated the whole department,  which has dedicated hundreds of hours toward solving the egging mystery.  "The man hours put into that investigation were huge and one of the  reasons it's so frustrating that we don't have somebody right now that  we can criminally charge," Houser said. The culprits will face charges  of felony vandalism and criminal damaging, Houser said. Additional  charges could be tacked on if investigators find evidence that the  attacks are a hate crime. The search continues Clemens is waiting until  the perpetrators are caught before he repairs the tarnished siding. His  insurance company is refusing to settle a claim until the guilty party  is found. He said he used to clean up after each attack, but it became  so frequent that he couldn't keep up. Police initially offered a $500  reward for information, but bumped it up to $1,000 after nobody came  forward. That money is still up for grabs. "We're not going to let it  go," Houser said. "We'll continue to put effort into it until we figure  something out." Despite all the torment, Clemens said he'd never  consider moving from his beloved home. "I like the neighborhood,"  Clemens said. "I like the city of Euclid. I would live and die in this  house -- but it's been kind of a nightmare."