I have been playing slots online at El Royal Casino and had a nice string of good luck and got my winnings up to $5,400.  I had started the payout process when I was at $1000 on May 20th, 2020.  So you have to go through a verification process, email them proof of identity and proof of address that is under 60 days old.  Then you must wait 3 business days for a response.  On the 3rd business day I call and am informed that they are behind and it will probably be the next day.  So 4 business days later I get an email stating that my proof of address can’t be used, that one was on me, I send in one that is accepted and hear back another 4 business days later. I am told that good news, my verification had been accepted and I just need to confirm my bitcoin address which I do immediately and am now being told that it will take another 3 business days(I’m assuming now that it will be 4) for them to confirm my confirmation and then they will send me my winnings which will take another 3 business days(again, probably 4) before I will see the money in my bitcoin wallet.  And the max payout is $2500.  Then to get the other $2500, I will need to start this process over again, though I’m not 100% sure if the last part is true yet.  I haven’t seen anything online saying that they don’t pay.  Just that the process takes along time.  I originally went onto El Royal because I saw on several sites that they voted it the #1 online casino for USA based players.  I regularly play on Bitstarz and the payout is immediate.  I understand that this is just their payout process and I’m sure it’s in hopes that the player will play down their winnings.  Mine just happened to go up and up.  And I’m super happy to have won the money assuming that I ever get the money.  But I’m really weary about continuing to play there because this process is just too much.  I just wanted to inform those of you who are considering playing on this site that it will be a nice stretch of time and a lot of hoops to get your money.  And I won’t know if they actually even pay for another 8 business days I’m assuming.  If you are a USA based player and your looking for an online casino that pays quick and is fair, I suggest Bitstarz!  If you don’t really care about how long it takes then El Royal seems like an ok place.  Good luck to you!