Thankfully it wasn’t very much. I deposited $100 into an online casino/sportsbook site I play at. I NEVER take bonuses. Ever. But right now I know I won’t be going back to a land based casino for a while so I decided to take a bonus. The way this casino does it is you don’t get the bonus added to your balance. Instead, there is a separate bonus section in the casino. You have to bet through the rollover and the money left after hitting it is able to be withdrawn. I was doing pretty good on live dealer blackjack. I was up to $240 off of my $100. Not bad. I was up to $330 at one point so I decided to call it good and make sure I didn’t blow it all. I wanted to make it last because I’ll be sitting at home for another couple few weeks at least. Before I left the casino I decided to check out the bonus section. I started playing and ran the bonus balance up to $230. I then started playing slots (I never play slots) because that’s pretty much my only hope of hitting the rollover since other games like blackjack only count for 10% and slots are 100%. I was down a little on slots and I went back to blackjack and started betting $25 a hand. My balance was $200 now. I didn’t really care much about the bonus anymore. It was whatever to me because I mainly just like playing live dealer and I didn’t want to deal with trying to hit a huge rollover. I ended up losing the bonus balance pretty quickly but I didn’t care. I was gonna either double it up fast (I’d then have more room to lose some money on slots while hitting the rollover) then worry about trying to hit the rollover or lose it fast. When I went back out of the game I noticed my real balance was gone. I then realized I hadn’t been playing the bonus mode. It was the regular casino with the real balance. I figured out that when I exited a game in bonus mode it doesn’t stay in the bonus section, so I clicked on a game from the regular section on accident. The balances were so close to each other that I didn’t notice by looking at that. I had actually been playing that slot game on my actual balance too. I tried to see if I could play some slots on the bonus balance to try to get close to the rollover and maybe get lucky but it’s just too damn high of a rollover. You’d have to get really lucky. Oh well. I should’ve slowed down and double checked. It is what it is.