I have three dogs (two aussies that are 2 years old, and a lab mix that is a few months over a year old). All but one of my aussies I've raised since they were puppies. The other aussie, Balto, I got back in September. Ever since, we've had random aggressive outbursts from him toward my other dogs. Hes definitely possessive and that can cause some aggression, but that's at least a trigger I recognize and have been working on. The main issue he has is our three dogs will randomly be playing and he just gets aggressive for no reason. My wife will be petting him on the couch and the other two dogs will just be playing and he just stares and fixates on them and you can tell hes obsessing and thinking about going after him. We try to distract him but if we cant physically get a hold of him it's usually not enough to stop him going after one of the dogs. Both him and my non-aggeessive aussie or fixed (all 3 males) and my lab isnt, but that doesnt seem to be the problem because he acts the same toward both of them regardless. Hes very well trained and behaved most of the time. He doesnt chew anything up, he walks on a leash amazingly, and knows lots of commands, but something is triggering him. We took him to the vet and did a full workup and nothing is wrong. Hes is on prozac now but I'm not sure if it has helped. After a fight starts I can usually just put them all outside and everything is fine again. He doesn't really play with the other dogs all the time because it seems like he doesnt necessarily know how to (he was an only dog for almost two years and wasnt socialized properly, but it's hard to work on that when hes sometimes aggressove) or the other dogs just dont want to play with him because hes mean. We have 2.5 acres and they all get plenty of exercise. He also always tries to kill my cat but we just keep him in the other room all the time. The other two dogs are also always submissive until a fight starts then they try to defend themselves. I've worked with multiple trainers, but nothing happens when they're around and he acts like an angel when we are with them. I'm at my wits end and dont know what to do. Soon I'll just have to try to rehome him to someone without any other animals. Any tips would be great. I tried to put in as much info as possible but let me know if there are other questions.