Hello all. I am making this post because I heard the 1st step to getting over a problem is admitting you have one so, this is it. I am a 24F and I have been taking perc30 for a maybe a year, maybe less and it has created HUGE problems in my life. I started off recreationally just because and I really did enjoy getting high. I found some money around the house my mom had stashed and I thought I was just taking a bit here and there but then I ended up spending all of it on pills. About $20,000. I told her I gave the money to a scammer otp. I still didn't think I had a problem. Then one day after I had bought about 6-10 pills I took 3 and almost died. Straight up. I knew they looked funny but I took them anyway. Usually I take 5-6 but I only took 3 at the time to see how they were then I was gonna take the other 3 later if I liked them. However, after those 3 my mom and I were watching TV and I wouldn't wake up. When I finally did wake up there were paramedics pushing me outside on a stretcher, I was shaking, and without my pants on. They had to use 2 doses of narcan to revive me. I refused to stay in the hospital because I didn't want my mom to find out what I had in my system. I still hadn't learned my lesson. I continued to buy. I bought about 4 more times afterwards, today being the latest and hopefully the last. Typically I buy thru a 3rd party, my "cousin," and I never see or talk to the dealer directly- she does. What I think was the "straw that broke the camel's back" today was that I found out my "cousin" has been overcharging me. I thought me and this girl were friends. Because of the time i bought those bad pills I wanted to see what I was buying today. Initially she didn't want me to come in but I did anyways. I bought those bad pills with her. I never told her I almost died from them but I did tell her to throw hers away because they were fake asf and made me sick. Since then we bought 1 more batch of fakes from the same guy from today but they didn't have any noticeable physical affect on me, THANK GOD. This lead me to actually meeting the dealer inside of her apartment and I told him about the fakes he sold us (even then she was trying to talk over me and tell him we were talking about something else, I told him no and showed him a pic of the ones I was talking about). When we both walked outside he told me to take his number and call him, at 1st I wasn't but I'm glad I did. When I called him he told me they were being shady and he wanted me to see the pills too. He was honest, saying that she told him I liked the fake ones before (never said that) that's why he gave them to me again. Eventually I asked what he was charging per pill, because for a while I had a feeling she was using me to get pills for herself too but I couldn't prove it and I had no other way to get them, and  he told me $35. She had been telling me $50(ik ik ik but I really am not street savy and I thought ik what I was doing)!!!! This really pissed me off because I had been using a ton of money, I thought she was my "friend", and she was just using me. Clearly, I don't know wtf I'm doing so I need to stop while I still can. So, I told my mom that I was done doing bad stuff and I am (at least I really want to be) however, I last took $1600 off her card that I'm hoping she doesn't notice because I really want to move on. I want to stop, I don't want to fight with her over it anymore, and I want my life to go back to normal. I used to be a good person, I really genuinely do love my mom, and I hate the person and problems I have now. I have been lying to everybody including myself but now I want to go cold turkey and being completely straight edge. I hope that the latest $1600 isn't noticed (I took about $500, $500, $600) because I prayed and promised God that I am ready to change. I'm just tired of everything and that's why I want to change because I don't want to have to lie and scheme and hurt and be high anymore. I don't want to hide anymore I want to be free.