(Long read). Hi guys. Call me Ricky. To give some brief context: After a year of intermittent weekly use, I was using 70 grams of kratom daily for about 6 months. Decided I wanted to start tapering down my dose. Wasn’t too bad. After dropping to 15 grams a day for about a week, I took the cold turkey leap. That was a little over two days ago, February 21 at about 6-8 pm. After I woke up, quite early, from that nights sleep, withdrawal symptoms ensued and progressively got worse throughout the day. Laying in bed, experiencing the utter agony of the withdrawal was about all I could do with myself. Muscle aches, restlessness, sweating, hot/cold flashes, tearing eyes; the works. And I’m sure that you’re all familiar with the restlessness obstructing the only reprisal from this monumental discomfort: sleep. I was a lucky one though, as my worried and amazing girlfriend gifted me two of her lorazepam to zonk myself out. Once I woke up the next morning, and after having taken my daily adderall as prescribed, I felt perfectly fine for an hour or two. Then as I was out getting some antibiotics at the Walmart clinic and pharmacy, the symptoms returned. This time, though, they were less intense. Persistent, yet I was functional. This second day held primarily mental challenges in store for me. I lay in bed, watching YouTube videos on motivation to quit, writing, and trying out mindfulness in an attempt to quell the sporadic and intrusive anxiety. The voice that tells me “it’s not worth it to quit, you’re stupid” , “this is pointless to do. Why seek help”.  I knew if I had made it through the hellish experience of physical withdrawal that I could do anything. And I did make it through! When 6 pm rolled around, approximately two days after this fairy tale started, my girlfriend and I go to my first NA meeting. They were immediately very welcoming. Listened as best as I could while still grappling with withdrawals, but a lot of people posited a lot of really good, relatable information. When they asked if anyone needed a 1-29 day sober chip I raised my hand and was met with genuine applause and pride. These people knew addiction, and knew that taking the first step was a hard task to surmount. The leader, a friendly, gentle, older black gentleman, walked it over. Beaming, he told me “It costs a hug though.” The hug I gave that man carried myriad emotions: gratitude, solidarity, love. I about cried. Anyways that ended at about 7 pm. From then to about 9:30 I was struggling with muscle aches again, complemented by fatigue. Got home around 10 after dropping my girlfriend off. Took a mix of OTC meds (fever reducers, pain relievers, and DayQuil) and laid down in bed. That brings me to where I am now. A bit anxious, unable to sleep, but not bothered too much. After going through the worst physically, I’m confident that I can handle running on little to no sleep for day three. From there, as day by day life regains a semblance of normalcy, I’ll eventually get the vivitrol monthly injection to maintain sobriety, and continue to attend NA meetings to learn from and help others where I can. Thanks for reading! Can’t blame ya if you bailed partway through, it was a long one. Bless all your souls and stay strong.