Hi, I was just wondering if anyone has any experience with scleritis in a Wegeners patient. About two and a half months ago I woke up with a swollen and crusted-shut eye. This developed into intense pain that couldn’t be controlled with any over the counter nsaids or prescription pain killers. This was at first dealt by my doctors as conjunctivitis and they said it was one of the worst cases they’d seen. My eye was bright pomegranate red, and the skin on my eyelid and under eye looked bruised. The swelling got so severe that you couldn’t even pry my eye open. I was started on prednisolone drops and an antibiotic drop, as well as a week long course of cefdinir and 40mg of steroids daily. This had no effect. My rheumatologist was very worried and believed this to be a flare instead of conjunctivitis. I have no other current symptoms of my disease and I am currently ANCA negative; however my labs don’t always track with my disease activity and I’ve also had more localized flare ups in places like my nose and my trachea. I also had a 16 hour nose reconstructive surgery just 20 days prior to this emerging and there was thought this could have trigged a flare up. I was upped to 80mg of steroids and only then did I seem some improvement of swelling and color. It’s been over two months now that I’ve been on steroids and while I’ve seen vast improvement, it’s been very slow and has kind of hit a stopping point. There’s still redness in and around my eye and crusting. Due to its response to the steroids, duration of symptoms, my GPA and the fact it stayed in only one eye, most of my specialists have decided it has to be scleritis.  I had a Rituxan infusion two weeks ago (I get them every four months) and take methotrexate as my two primary immunosuppressives. Has anyone every seen a case like mine? If so how did it play out and how long did it take to fully resolve? I’m really getting impatient as I’m a college student and had to take the semester off to deal with this. Due to Wegener’s rarity(especially in younger people) and eye manifestations being less common, my doctors don’t always have experience and I’m often just a test case! Just looking for a little insight or thoughts on my situation or anything else it could be. I’m not used to having any sort of answers so any ideas are welcome.