Basically, raised protestant, there are two doctrines I have been taught that the way I see them, or the way I understand them, are nothing like hat people who have talked to me on this sub think they are. Ie. the universal priesthood and universal sainthood. I haven't discussed anyone on the latter, though I assume we have a different enough understanding of the word "saint" for those words to be interpreted in an entirely different direction by a member of the orthodox church then what they are really saying. Basically, with the universal priesthood, what I basically hear is that we are all priests, with one high-priest, christ. We have direct access to the high priest, Christ, and Christ has direct access to God and we have direct access to God through him and by the holy spirit. Though it may be used differently by some protestant, the way I have always seen this doctrine understood is in prayer and in the distribution of the sacraments of Baptism, Confession and Communion. Basically, we don't need, like our eternal souls depend on it, to go to a specific human person to confess our sins. We must confess them to God, but he also tells us to confess to one another, so even though we must confess to another believer, it is not necessarily the case that we need to confess to the priest/pastor. Now in the bible, we don't see any verses that say a particular person has to distribute communion and baptism, so if someone comes to the faith, any believer can baptize them. If a priest is not at hand, a group of believers can still take communion when they meet together. We also do allow laymen to teach other laymen in the same way you would allow a friend to teach his friend in something he is less versed in, a mother to her daughter, older to younger, father to son, children, house. The idea of Bishop or priest or pastor is not that of a ruler, but a leader, and they are supposed to serve, not rule. Basically, I do think there is some importance to apostolic succession, but the doctrine of universal priesthood basically says that this kind of connection isn't necessary for Christians to function. The idea of universal sainthood is slightly different, basically, saints are the church triumphant. They're the people who God has saved, the elect, the chosen generation. you don't have to be a prominent Christian to be a saint, just a real Christian. Saints are those known by God, prominent Christians are known by the world, so you don't have to be a prominent christian to be a saint, but then we don't' present the same veneration to saints also. In revelation 6:9, we would say that the people being spoken of are not just prominent Christians, but specifically, all triumphant Christians who also were martyred for Christs sake. What is your depiction of saints, and what does it mean to venerate them? The definition I have heard used for saint in the protestant church, when talking doctrine, is simply all triumphant Christians, we are saints of God. However, the way I hear saint used in the common vernacular is that idea of especially prominent Christians that have done great works of faith in this life seen by all the world. I know the definition of saint is more exclusive in Catholicism, so I want to know how inclusive or exclusive it is in Orthodoxy. Basically, we have a inclusive definition of what it is to be a saint, but very little veneration of the saints, and high admiration for what we call "heros of the faith", or in common vernacular, saints. What's your end?