Okay I'm not super sure why I'm posting this as still processing how we feel. To bring you up to speed I've been signed off work due to mental health issues  and grievance. All in the same week that all the COVID-19 stuff kicked off, our dog died, our grandad on dads side died and our auntie on mums side died (not because of the virus). I know pretty shitty. I am currently in a relationship and have been with my partner for 7 years in two days, aswell as have a career as a chef and with the constant worry I'll lose my job. And well, with all of this happening so suddenly I've been (how to put it lightly) not dealing with it very well. Me and her thought that the best thing to do for our mental and physical health was to move out for a few months and in with my mum or family friends house. However, my partner and therapist are the only people that know about my system/what we are?. My mum didn't know half of it because I never wanted her to find out. She knew I had depression and anxiety but little more. Well tonight as i walked to her house with a full backpack and tears still in my eyes and explained to mum why I wouldn't be living with my partner for a while, she comforts me like I assume most would. I felt I needed to fully explain how my mental health was and try to best describe what my reality is like. Obviously she started to ask questions, and I felt like she was almost scared? And without hesitation she asked me if the voices in my head where ghosts or spirits and if I was 100% sure. I am a spiritual person and at first, I'm not going to lie I thought similar, but I just dont know how I feel about it. Being able to Express to mum what our day to day life is like and to just almost be put down or dismissed or seen as a gift? I would hate for her to feel guilty for my childhood/trauma but I just kinda wanted some kind of explanation or, somthing I dont know. Feeling completely overwhelmed as you might have guessed but I am safe and hopefully this will all work out okay.