So I joined this sub as an extremely excited super fan of the show and the books (the ones that I’ve read so far) who was so happy at the thought of being part of a fandom for the first time ever. I know so many people in my personal life who love this show but no one seems to be on the same level in their love of it. So when I joined, I hoped to find a group of people who loved it and gush over it and desired to rewatch it time and again just as much as I do... I’d hoped for people whose hearts fluttered when they heard the sounds of the pipes in the theme to the opening of the first season, and enjoyed the intricacies of changes that Bear McCreary makes each time a theme shifts and his adaptations of that theme for the time in which the characters are living.... I’d hoped for people who appreciate as much as I do the costuming and painstaking accuracy that the writer and show runners have worked for and have achieved for the most part, in my opinion. I realize that there are differences now from what the first seasons were but it seems silly to keep watching only to complain and moan about it. It’s disheartening and frankly ruins the fun of watching when seemingly all I’m reading is negativity. It takes something that I love dearly and something that has gotten me through more than my fair share of difficulties and makes it all seem worthless. It discredits the author and her wonderful and hard work researching and writing books that have brought me to love reading when all my life I have hated it. It saddens me that this group wasn’t what I hoped for... so I’m likely leaving and probably will never find a group that fits what I’m looking for. Perhaps it’s unrealistic. None of this is to say that criticism shouldn’t be given, or other opinions aren’t valid. It’s the way in which they are shared and stated that is so sad. All the hate for certain characters and storylines is just so unnecessary. It makes it difficult to share my own opinions of things for fear of rude and harsh disagreements. I hope maybe it’ll change but I don’t see it happening so this is likely goodbye.