Hey guys! I’ve been having so much fun after coming back after a long break from the game. I’ve put in 75 hours last season and will probably top 100 by the end of this season. I’m so grateful to have so many resources to help up my game. My general game sense has dramatically increased and it really shows. Last season I peaked DPS at like 2450 and flattened out around 2200. This season I peaked at almost 2800 and hover around 2600. My other roles follow a similar suit. I think a ~450 sr average gain between just 2 seasons is a huge achievement, and I’m ecstatic that my play has improved this much! Here’s the catch, I’m eager for more. I want to get into diamond and hopefully into masters, but I gotta groom myself a bit more before I can do that. The one pet-peeve I have when it comes to competitive play is the constant roller coaster ride with sr. I know you shouldn’t worry about your elo and just focus on getting better, but it’s soooo frustrating to know you are good enough to play at a certain level, but you just can’t get there (I like solo queueing so you can definitely understand where I’m coming from). Leavers, throwers, toxic teams, and hard-headed losers that blame you for their mistakes make up the nightmare that lives within every waking minute of it, but I’m so vested and in love with the game that I’m willing to look beyond that to better myself. I’m convinced that the transition out of gold all the way to diamond is the hardest, most painstaking part of your climb because ~33% of players hover in gold. This transition for me (in my experience so far) seems to be a ‘weeding out’ stage that separates the average competitive player from the player that wants to take this game seriously and really excel. What tips can you guys give me that will help ease my state of mind, and improve my outlook on the climb. I’m looking for more in game tips, but I know the mental game is probably just as important. If anyone has specific tips for someone in my sr range please by all means share! I’m sure a lot of people are in my shoes so they’ll be able to relate and gain something from the thread!