This is my second season playing competitive overwatch. I first started playing for fun around 2017 by didn’t really get into it until April of this year. After finding some friends at school to play with we all experimented with roles that each person should play. In the end I ended up becoming a DPS player. I am a tracer main that can play some junkrat and Ashe. I try to keep my hero pool small as I heard it’s better to master one or two hero’s rather than a whole bunch. At the end of last season I finished in low silver. We couldn’t get wins and we just lost more and more SR. I watched a lot of vox videos, mainly stylosa. I also send my friends videos of their mains and just in general watch a lot of stylosa 💀 and guides. This season I managed to win all 5 of my DPS placement matches. However, finishing the season in low silver, I ended up with an SR of 1646. I was really disappointed as we went on a 7 game win streak and ended the night with an SR of 1667. Im really determined to push out of silver and into high gold possibly even border line gold/plat by the end of this season. I believe in the team we have as we all play our roles well. The other night we played a total of 9 games. We ended with a 4-4-1 record. 4 wins, 4 losses, and a draw. After about 4-5 hours of playing we gained no SR and was back to ground one. I understand that I shouldn’t worry about my rank and SR, and that winning games and playing well will be followed by an increase in your SR. However we find it really hard to get winning streaks going. Whenever we win a game, we end up losing the next. And if we win two in a row, we lose 2 in a row. We can’t seem to get out of this one step forward, 2 step backs process. During games we do a lot of ult tracking of the other team, calling out what ults they used and what they might have coming up. We always make sure to have a well rounded team. A main tank, main healer, and we always have some hero’s that we can ult combo with, etc. We also target prioritize healers then DPS followed by tanks, however whenever we get overwhelmed we just spray at who’s closest. I would really appreciate any advice that you guys can give. The main problem is that we can’t get in winning streaks, or just win games, we win a game then lose one, it gets really frustrating. Any help would be much appreciated ! Thanks you !