I’ve worked at Panera for a few years and at first I really enjoyed it but then it started turning really sour when I realized just how much they don’t care about their good employees. The franchise I work for (starts with a capital C) doesn’t really care about anything except quick cash grabs. Maybe I just had a wider field of vision on the café after training on each area, but suddenly the environment started turning into one where things would constantly change, lack of communication always occurred, and things became stressful and annoying because we’d try something new only to have it fail because it wasn’t efficient and the thought process behind it made no sense and then we’d try again six months later like it was a brand new idea. I know some other businesses have issues similar to this and I know I can be very critical of things so I tried to take into account things I might not see or realize, but what started really disillusioning me was the fake “we’re a family” corporate PR stuff people would pull and just how fake things were. I watched my co-worker friends make so much less money busting their butts while newer employees people paid much higher did less. They say they pride themselves in certain values, but they don’t actually care about investing into their employees to create that environment. You can’t just tell your employees to do this and expect it to be an authentic connection and environment between customers and workers if they don’t actually believe you are investing in those said values yourself. I used to dread coming to work all through last year. And this pandemic just reconfirmed what I already knew: they could care less about their workers. They are either laying people off or putting people at risk but not compensating them for putting their workers’ health at risk. On top of that, people aren’t even still taking it seriously or decisions are just counterproductive. Our lobby is shut down and we are only doing carry-outs, but there was literally a farewell party thrown for a co-worker and it angered me so so so much because THE LONGER PEOPLE DON’T TAKE IT SERIOUSLY THE LONGER IT GOES ON AND THEY AREN’T CARING ABOUT MY HEALTH! And then they want to start marketing and telling us to tell our friends and family that we are still open! Like STFU. Why should I care about helping you get business when you could care less about what happens to me as your employee? The “family” talk is so fake and I can’t stand it anymore. Sorry for getting angry and ranting. I had a stressful day at work yesterday and I’m going back in today, though I know there are some people who wish that they had a job, so I know I’m privileged in that sense. But I stayed here so long and put up with so much because I didn’t have enough self respect to leave, but now I know how much I am worth as an employee and after this pandemic is all over, I’m going to put my two weeks in and find a job that values me as an employee and that I can stand working for. One that I’ll want to help make money for because I know they’ll invest opportunities and benefits into me.