Just a reminder for people still optimistic about this game, not only did we have only 1 trailer, but Developers could just have easily disabled most features to hide stuff that they want to reveal in a 2nd trailer. This is very evident with the amount of coins that this player has, it’s pretty obvious that this is a developers version of the game and that they added their own coins, cause lets be honest there is no way someone could get 1,000 coins which seems like the first you are going to encounter (because of the difficulty of the battle), and another reason is look at the Chinese trailer, we have a explorer toad beside us (what seems like he will be battling) that they mysteriously removed the video? (Right Now it’s back up) while it’s gone in the other versions of the trailer? Also to address some concerns about a level up system, if we look at the Spanish trailer and compare it to the trailer we have and other trailers, it seems that Mario has 125hp on the Spanish while everyone else has 120hp, and it seems mismatched all around, and if we compare it to sticker stars health upgrades which are 5 each at random moments, and color splashes 25 each per big paint star, why does Mario out of nowhere have an extra 5? And even at the same battle while the others don’t? If we remember that sticker star had their health upgrades at random sections of the game but they were consistent (by means that everyone will still have the same amount at the same boss fight or battle) though it seems like only health can increase, there can be something completely hidden from us for a leveling system, but the health shows we have a leveling system of some sort. Another issue that has some concerns is if the game has badges, and if we compare all the trailers they all have different damage points (mostly the damages from the normal boots range from 6-8 and shiny boots 9-12, to find this you have to remove the 1.5x attack up with any battle that contains a perfect line up) so if we go by these numbers we can see that Mario’s attack damage is scattered, and especially looking at the Chinese and our trailer it seems that the attack has a extra point of damage, kinda like P-Up P-Down from Thousand Year Door so it seems like badges are back but formally named gears. The paper gimmick has some concerns and people don’t see the point of this, but that is completely for story purposes, there is a folk lore about the thousand fold cranes, which means that if you fold 1000 things you can be granted 1 wish. And it’s proven more because of Mario’s Thousand Fold Arms. I would suggest people to wait for another trailer before making the assumptions of this game, but I hope the research I came out with helps people understand a bit more about this game.