Okay so the past few days I’ve been listening to those “enter the astral realm / lucid dreaming hz” playlists while I sleep to have better dreams and shit basically just curiosities yanno? I started to open my 3rd eye and that shit definitely started working, everything was chill until last night.  Last night before I went to bed I hungout with this girl who was very spiritual too and we were talking ab auras and I wanted to know what mine was so she told me to focus all my energy on her while she “went to this forest” and she said it was yellow and I actually am yellow so she’s right on that haha. I went home and while I slept I listened to this playlist to open the gland that has your 3rd eye and it was only 40 mins long and I fell asleep during it and woke up and closed out my phone and went to bed.  Well this evening I took a nap and let’s just say whatever this was it wasn’t a dream. There were people everywhere, and it started with me and some girl I’ve never met in a parking lot and a ditch in front of us then the interstate but behind us was a building complex and as we drove around there were other people driving and shit- it didn’t even feel like a dream it felt like a fucking movie and we went to this place and I got out the car and then there was these 2 girls taking pictures of me but they had faces and shit like normal people. And then I teleported to this room in my house (I make beats and have 2 big speakers) my speakers were broken?? And the room had the lights on and it was pure silence.. not a peep, like I was the only one. And I could hear myself “I’ll have to fix this later, it’ll be an easy fix” and something told me I had to leave though so I went to open the door and leave and as I stepped through the door I was back in the room. And everything got really blurry and I felt like I was having an anxiety attack but I wasn’t? And I literally reached down to the floor and pulled my phone out and texted someone for help and I walked out the door again and woke up. After that my chest felt so weird like I had used hella energy but at the same time I felt energized. I sleep normally after that though, also I’ve been seeing hella angel numbers like 111 202 101 and then the triple mirror like 1222 and shit. Well one of them means your thoughts will become your reality so watch what you think cause it will happen. Well today I was hanging w the same girl and we were driving around and I started singing a song I produced in my head and I was like “ima get on aux” cause nothing was playing and bam. The radio turned on.. out of nowhere. What is going on.