When I was about 13 my dad and I went to a native reservation out in Arizona to visit his side chick. Anyway we came out to visit her and her family. The town or neighborhood was completely trashed with litter & stray dogs. The houses were made out of mud/clay and straw.. aside from the new additions, they were building a huge ceremonial prayer area out of palm trees in the backyard I remember seeing a lot of sage intwined with the palm leaves, with a weird set up in the center of it looked like a bomb fire with a bunch of weird writing in black ash around it.  I thought it was cool but creepy as shit! To say the less, it was boring out there and we were ready to leave when my dad’s soon to be baby’s mama’s mama came out and Invited us to stay the night. My dad didn’t want to seem rude so early and decided we were going to stay the night. He went to the room with his girlfriend and I slept alone in the living room. The night was pretty hazy and I really do feel like we were given psychedelics in a tea we drank before bed.. I kept waking up around  every hour after 10pm thinking there was a black scorpion crawling on me, to my surprise there was. Around 12 am I woke up to a huge glossy black scorpion climbing up my leg outside of the blanket.. I remember shaking the blanket really hard and watching it fly across the living room and scatter into the cracks of the floors.. after that it was hard to fall asleep! I became more paranoid and would dose off for 3-5 minutes than immediately wake up to check if there was any critters crawling on me or not. They had a huge round clock above the door and I wanted to break that shit so bad because all I could hear was clicking noise it made.. I wanted to leave!!  I had a strange feeling around that house. I don’t know how else to explain this but i had woken up again but I felt very strange, it’s like my mind totally forgot what time it was or what was happening. It didn’t feel like I was there to spend the night and I totally blanked! I thought I was in a middle of a conversation with my dad before he went in the room to sleep, instead he went to the room and I physically saw him and heard him say “Hey son I’ll be right out in a minute and we’ll leave okay” I remember saying okay.. as soon as he went to them room I remember seeing that the clock stopped at the time he went into the room which was around 9. It wasn’t moving at all and I was slowly remembering the black scorpion and that It was on me around 12am.. My mind felt like it was crashing I was very confused. Whatever it was didn’t want me to look into it.. When I was a trying to put it together my dad walks out of the room and say’s “Okay son follow me, we’re leaving!” He didn’t even wait for me he just opened the front door and walked out.. I remember struggling to put on my shoes to catch up with him. As soon as I step outside I couldn’t see him at all. I heard his voice not so far in the dark calling me superrr casually, “I’m over here son keep falling me” I didn’t know where he was going  but I could see his black figure and barely see his white shirt in the distance, we were going further and further out into the desert.. It was pitch black, I could turn around and barely see the house lights from a distance.. when I couldn’t hear my dad anymore or see his white shirt I remember his voice slowly disappearing in the silent air, there was no wind or sound of crickets at all. His echoes of saying “Son” and his laughs in the dark. At least I thought they were his laughs. They slowly disappeared. I remember looking down at my shoes then looking up at the stars. This huge brush of cold wind hit me and I got the shivers. It was a silent dry night but all of a sudden I heard all the neighborhood dogs barking and howling like crazy. I realized that my dad wasn’t outside and that I was standing in the middle of the desert by myself at night.. when I turned around towards the house I heard my dad’s voice one last time call my name instead of son “Carlos” and it frightened the hell out of me because he never called me by my name when I was little,  it was always son. I booked it, I ran as fast as I could back to the light of the house, I was really far out into the desert because it was like an 8 minute run.. when I got close enough to the house I noticed that the ceremony shit they built in the backyard was lit up inside. idk who but someone started that bomb fire and it gave me even more chills. I finally made it to the front door and it was locked!! I banged on it until my dad’s girlfriend opened it and I started crying in her arms and told her I wanted to see my dad, he came out and I asked him why he left me outside. I thought he was messing with me, I thought everyone was messing with me. Her mom woke up and asked what the noise was about and I told her what happened and she got spooked, like her face went pale.. especially when I told her the bomb fire was lit.. all of us went outside to check to see if there was coals or any proof that it was lit but there wasn’t. The bomb fire didn’t even have sticks or coals or anything in it to start a fire it was impossible. After that I never came with my dad to the reservation. I kept my ass in the city!