Hi everybody. Need some help trying to figure out what’s going on here, or if it’s paranormal at all. My girlfriend has been having this problem for at least a year where only once a night, usually between 2 and 4 am, there’s a sound that drags across her wall. It sounds like one hand dragging its fingernails on the opposite side of the wall. It happens EVERY night and only ONE time. We tried to eliminate any possibilities (ie water in pipes, animals living in walls) but none add up. There is nothing that makes that sound. There’s no foot steps or creaks, just the one dragging scratching sound. She mentioned it to me a few months ago but I didn’t really think anything of it. She said it was always on the wall opposite of her bed (where it was placed at the time) in this space that’s between the hallway and her bedroom. I was here a few weeks ago, and we heard it at about 4am and it was pretty quiet, but noticeable. It dragged for maybe four seconds and sounded like it was coming from that wall i’d mentioned earlier with the space. Creeped out, as she had mentioned it to me before, I started to look out for it more often. About a week ago, we heard it again around the same time, but a little closer and not in that space. Same volume, around the same time, don’t really remember how long it dragged on for. So a few minutes ago around 3:15 am, I’m face deep in her pussy, and this dragging sound is RIGHT above the headboard of her bed. SIGNIFICANTLY louder than the other two times I’d heard it before and dragged for at LEAST ten seconds. It scared the shit out of the both of us to the point where we both obviously noticed and looked up. She said that it’s been that loud and long recently, and only within the past week or so has it been near her bed. I feel like it’s hard to understand without actually experiencing it, but we’re both very confused on what this sound is coming from. Could it be paranormal? She lives next to a cemetery, too, I should add. If there’s any explanation you can think of, demon or not, please share your thoughts. Thx :)