This is a story that has been passed down by family for years. It happened to my grandmas granpa around the 1940s in Mexico. He was always a couriose person who loved history especially the Mexican revolution which he had lived when he was younger. He was like those crazy old old man in movies who love finding artifacts that tell all type of stories. One day he and three of his cousins who were siblings decided to look for a treasure to which he had supposedly found the map to while looking for things to add to his collection of artifacts. They spend almost the whole day looking for it, but came home empty handed as everyone expected. Everything was normal for a few days until my grandfather decided to take a walk around the neighborhood to never come back home. The whole family was confused, he didn't have any mental illnesses, they lived in a small town and everyone knew him so it would have been difficult for him to get lost. They searched for him everywhere even in other states but the only thing they were able to get was were he was last seen which was in a park seating on a bench under a tree. Years passed and my family gave up on finding him, they had com to the conclusion that he actually found the treasure and ran away with it to not share with the brother who helped him look for it until one day. In the mid 1970s the three brother who were all siblings opend a huge car dealership, bought a mansion, and dressed like kings just in 4 months. It would have been normal if it weren't for the fact the three cousins were the poorest of the entire family and it was impossible for someone that poor to grow that fast, and most weird they never told anyone how they got the money. About two years later in around 1978 the three brothers also went missing as well as there parents and were found dead near the place they had last seen my grandfather. About a decade later one of the daughters of the brothers gave my grandma a bag of Mexican gold coins soon after she started to get bad luck, nightmares, and started to hear and see things so she took the coins and put them in a box she called a priest and everything to take the evil away as she said. Nothing has happened since then. Im not sure if the story is true but everyone in my family says it is even my grandma has showed me the box of coins but only once and she never opend it.