So I moved in to a buddy's house,  where he lives with his pregnant girlfriend,  myself and his mom. My friend needed my room for baby storage so he set up unfinished walls in the huge garage with plastic, so I'd have my own space,  be as loud as I want etc,, have a female over,   not bad. It's been 3 days since and yesterday around midnight I got a paranoid feeling, and saw a tall shadow figure out the corner of my eye, walk along my plastic wall(outside). I checked 5 mins later thinking I saw someone creep by,  nobody was there. I thought I heard a little whisper also and decided to go outside around 3am now cause I didn't feel right.  Felt like people were stalking me almost.  I come inside the house,  use the restroom then to my old bedroom to ponder whether I should sleep inside or go back out,  I heard loud branches two nights prior also like a human were stepping on them,  and with everyone asleep I hear and feel a huge bang toward the front of the house,  almost like if you tried snapping a metal door or a locked plastic window open with a crow bar, or something straight ninja kicked the dam house,  freaked me out, it was 4am now,  I woke up my friend and we talked about it till sunrise,  when we investigated,  no damage no nothing,  no rocks etc outside. Come to find out 2nites prior his gf was coming out the bathroom at night in the dark and saw feet on the ground ten feet away in the empty hallway and a flowing white gown as she stayed looking up,  that's all she really saw as she booked it. Now it's very country out here,  no neighbors really,  it was rainy and 430am. It's the big bang paranormal?  I need help.  I also have to return to the garage aka my living quarters soon and I'm kinda creeped out.. any advise for me?  Did we disturb something as we cleaned up the garage 4 days ago?  Is it attached to the land?  Now his grandfather did die in the house almost 25 years ago,  but they don't have normal activity,  or any.  Also are ghosts afraid if airsoft guns? Jk, that's all I have.  Should I burn dinne sage out there?  Please help me sleep tonight..