Ok so basically when i was younger my church took a bunch of us kids to Toys R Us. They gave us a budget and we could buy whatever we wanted for Christmas. When we went we all ran around with our parents and chose the toys we wanted. I got a barbie set with clothes and a car. I also got a polly pocket closet and a few of the dolls. I got a few board games also and finally they said we had 5 minutes left so i was near the actual dolls so i rushed looking for one that had brown hair like mine. I finally found one with 2 mins left she had brown hair and bangs and it was half up. She had on a pink shirt, a denim jacket with same color jeans. She had a little pink phone in her hand with painted buttons. There was also a button in the palm of her other hand that allowed her to talk but there was no feature for her to move. It was just a basic doll that was it. I reached for it and grabbed it but my sister was getting toys also and she liked it too so we fought for it. Our mom told us to share it since it was the last one left and we agreed. When we got home we wrapped everything but the doll so we could open it and start playing. My sister and i ripped the box open and we played with the doll all day. When it was bed time we put her up on our bookshelf and went to sleep. I remember what happened because i woke up pretty late and automatically looked up at my bookshelf. The doll turned its head to look at me and moved its arm. I couldn't sleep all night watching it so the next day i told my sister about it and she laughed at me. Night time came around again and the doll had moved again it moved its arms and head and was not on the bookshelf. My sister freaked out and couldn't sleep and i freaked out and hid under the covers. The next morning we told our step dad and he laughed and said "oh watch out its a chucky situation". We brought the doll out to him and told him to look at it and it jokingly started moving it arms and legs and then gave it back to us. We took it and as soon as we did it moved so we threw it off the balcony. He went back down to get it but then the doll moved in his arms and he threw it over the balcony also. I have no idea what was going on with the doll but we never picked it up. I know the doll moved on its known but it was brand new and not owned by anyone else at all. I have no idea why that happened also i never saw anything come out of the doll or anything.