This morning i woke up at 3am to my dog whining. Naturally i thought he needed to go outside so i left my room and went out. While outside i smelled something odd; at the time i thought it just smelt like wet dirt, i blew it off and went back inside. When i got back in bed my dog seemed distressed but got over it quickly. As i laid in bed i got on my phone for a bit, then it started and i heard a whistle. It wasn’t a single whistle, it was someone whistling a tune. I’m not one to scare easily, i’ve been surrounded by paranormal activity my whole life. I believe in vibes and i believe if you’re not scared, you’re not in danger, and vise versa. But when i heard this whistle my heart started pounding and i went still, i was scared to move. I didn’t know what to do so i stayed still for maybe 10 minutes, and i heard it again. The same whistle the same tune, and it was loud, as if it was close to me. The whistle had come from the front of me both times. My heart started racing again and i immediately texted my friend to tell her what was happening. She told me it was a good idea to research what a whistle could mean. While texting her i heard it twice again, once in front of me, and once to the left of me. The whistle to the left of me sounded more distant, like whatever was there was going away. By this time it was about 3:30am. I called my friend and researched hearing whistles in the night. A site i found said whistles at night attract bad luck. It said in some places people believe in the “Seven Whistlers” which are seven birds or spirits who call out to foretell death or a great calamity. Seven whistles eventually came, and it was almost 4am so i thought it could be over. I ended up hearing 8 whistles by this time. I was scared to move and stayed in my bed the entire time. The air conditioner had been kicking on and off about every 15 minutes. The last time it kicked on, the smell i smelt outside filled my room. Then it hit me, it wasn’t wet dirt i was smelling. It smelt like rotten wood, decomposing leaves. The smell only lasted about 5 minutes. When it was finally gone, i thought it was all over. But i heard one final whistle, this time it was to the right of me (where a wall was) and it was right next to my face. My dog had stood up and started whining again. This was at 4:22 am. I grabbed him and went downstairs to wake my mother and tell her what was happening. I explained and she told me to lay down and try to sleep again. Maybe 30 minutes went by and i heard my dog jump down from the couch and walk into my mothers room. Her side of the bed was closest to the door, he came to her side and pawed at her until she got up. He walked out of her room and stopped when she stopped walking, he’d look back at her to make sure she was following. It was as if he was leading her out of the room. He stopped leading her when they got to the living room, at this point i got up as well. We fixed our coffee and sat in the living room, we’re staying here until the sun comes up. My family has history with spirits and spirit work, but this i cannot explain. Any ideas or possible explanations?