Just to clarify this was month ago before I got reddit so I might not remember some details and I just want to get this off my chest so here’s the story. I wake up every night to either drink water or go to the bathroom and at this point it’s a normal behaviour/habit of mine. And I myself wasn’t afraid of the dark or didn’t believe in ghosts etc. Our parents’ room is just across ours and we keep the doors open at night so when I wake up I can see their room. However one night it turned a whole 180 for me. So I woke up, nothing unusual, I look up and into my parents’ room and what I see was a bit confusing at first. There was a completely black shadow(?? Not sure what it was) sitting by my mom’s bedside. Since I was a sceptic at first I thought ”well I just woke up my eyes are probably glitching” so I rubbed my eyes like three times looking back and forth but nothing, it didn’t change, the shadow was still sitting there. Then I started thinking of other reasons that can be happening, first I assumed it’s because of the chair in front of the small lamp but then I realized my mom has moved the chair away from the lamp before going to sleep. Then I noticed something else, the shadow looked awfully like mine. I have puffy shoulder length hair which is obviously noticeable on my shadow and wide shoulders which is also noticeable on my shadow. That thing looked exactly like me so my tired ass proceeds to start waving his hands around to see if it’s my shadow after all and if I can calmly go to the bathroom. After 5 minutes of doing so I realized there’s no light source around me which could create the shadow. Wow. How smart. I had only one option left I got up and since it’s an old house and the floors are creaky, my mom and dad woke up almost immediately asking what’s wrong. The shadow too turned it’s head around to look at me. My mom was laying right beside the shadow but for some reason I assumed it’s her sitting on the bedside. Again, I just woke up and my brain wasn’t working properly. Then I just replied with a “nothing” and went to the bathroom. Only when I started washing my hands I realized what has just happened. I rushed out of the bathroom but it was gone. Just like that. The next morning I asked my mom if she was sitting by the bedside or something and she denied it. I don’t know what to believe in anymore