So when I was 14 I lived in a house with my mom and sister, and we had neighbors across the street we got really close to! They had young kids and I’d always go play with them, the parents loved me...  I really had fun playing with the kids so it gave the mom time to get things done...  they had 3 children, and the mom and the dad.  They were very involved in the church and what not....  I used to babysit and dog sit even when they would go out of town.  And I watched the dog and the house a couple of different times.....  but I would always get this like weird uneasy feeling when I was there like I was going to have a panic attack...  i would run straight in and get the dog and go outside with her, put her food out, and when I left I’d run back out again too....  so i always thought I heard male voices upstairs....  but I know that the tv couldn’t have been on...  they religiously turn everything off plus the only tv is in the window directly across from my bedroom so I would’ve seen it at night...  but one day I went over there and I was freaked out, for whatever reason...  this NEVER happened with the family there...  they had those china plates on the walls in the little racks...  a plate fell off of the wall BY ITSELF WHILE I WAS IN A DIFFERENT ROOM WITH THE DOG.....  I FREAKED OUT!  I went outside immediately, and I still had no choice but to keep going back in this house because I agreed to dog sit, they were going to pay me, I didn’t know what else to do... i went back again after that this was the next day or the day after that I can’t remember...  I heard men’s voices upstairs.  I know what I heard.  I have no history of ever seeing or hearing things...  but I KNOW I heard someone or something in that house.  I didn’t hear what they were saying though...  it was upstairs. I came back again and ANOTHER PLATE FELL OFF THE WALL.  I’ve been in this house so many times with toys being thrown at the walls, with people running heavy on the floor beside it, everything...  that never happened.  I felt so bad the plates broke but it was so oddly terrifying I’ll never forget that experience.  I think I had my sister go back with me the few times after that...  but my family never believed me, I don’t think I told the couple when they came back either...  just kept my distance from that house after that it was never the same to me....  what do y’all think it was???  Similar experience?????