looking for thoughts occurrence whether you think it’s paranormal and if so any suggestions on what I should do.  So back In January after a tolerance break from smoking cannabis that I use to use for insomnia I decided to smoke a little to just chill before going to bed, and just to see where my tolerance was at and of course it was way down from not smoking for a while and I ended up with really bad anxiety and kindof paranoid, it was late so I just went to bed.  Now I sleep in pitch darkness except for my clock which sheds a slight bit of light. But while I was sortof dozing at some point it felt like something squeezed my feet like if you were to you know grab someone’s feet to pull them on the sides that’s where I felt it. Anyways I was like wtf! But then thought it was probably a mix of the weed and being half asleep.. I slept with the light on anyways. Then a couple weeks after it happened again I hadn’t smoked since, but i was actually dead asleep at the time and then woke up to it or it woke me up I’m not sure which, I mean I’m not talking hard squeezing at all but just enough to feel it and know it was there, then it happened again a few days later but on my the top of my feet on my toes. Then about 3 nights ago I woke up randomly which I often do and was sure that I saw/ felt my dog lola get up and go to jump off the bed and I’m thinking nope you’re gonna pee on the floor or something so I was like “lola come here please” then I felt the squeezing it on my left foot! Immediately out of surprise startled was like Ah!!! Because this time I was fully awake I pulled my feet in as close as I could get them to me and scrambled for my bedside light desperately trying to get it to stay on because the cord is a little wonky so it’s hard to get to stay on but I looked to the end of the bed and then off to the right side I see Lola and she was dead asleep exactly where she had been like all night since we went to sleep had not moved a muscle let alone jumped off the bed!!So what did I see!? Long story short I’ve been sleeping on the couch in the living room and trying to figure out what the heck is going on in my room. My only thought is that something that I bought at goodwill may have come with a little something extra in the form of a spirit. So I was thinking about what I’d gotten since around January when it started and there were a few things but the one I thought of the most and strangely considered this when I was buying it because I’d joked about it to the people I work with about it since I work at goodwill and it is this blown glass egg shaped ornament. Knowing that people now get peoples ashes put into beautiful glass creations I was like.. hmm could it be! I mean there’s this snowy looking stuff on the inside that upon researching those type of ornaments found looks super similar if not identical to the ashes I saw in those. So now I’m like well if that’s the case because I’m guessing that’s the culprit what do I do!? I mean if I remove the object from the apartment will it go with it or will it stay or should I try and take it somewhere or do I throw it out (I’d feel bad throwing out someone’s ashes), and don’t want to upset a spirit, I also feel like putting it outside could cause negative things too, but I really would like to sleep in my bed again! I can’t burn sage since we’re not technically allowed to even burn candles in the apartment. So I’m a bit at a loss. Firstly I’m curious if anyone thinks this is actually a paranormal occurrence as I do, and any advice as for what I should do now would be greatly appreciated!