So I’ve always thought my house was haunted, I would always hear movement in the kitchen when I’m home alone, my mother and I would often hear as if someone was stomping on the roof above my room, I had a closet door open by itself as I was looking directly at it and while taking a shower the door slammed open and no one was home. My mom has had sleep paralysis since she was a child and she sees what she thinks are demons. When she was little she would see them floating at a distance laughing at her and as she got older they got closer, she says that now they appear right at her face, laughing, always a different one. So my take was that my house was haunted, oh was I wrooong. I recently partly moved away for college and have my own apartment but I come back home on weekends. Everything was great in my apartment until one night I woke up around 1:30am, checked my phone and even answered a few texts ( this will be important later on), I put my phone aside and just laid in my bed again facing the wall, wide awake. Suddenly I feel my blanket getting pulled, HARD. I grab it will all my strength so it doesn’t get pulled off of me. After 2min of this it stops, I just stare at the wall for about 30min before racking up the courage to get up and turn on the light. I run over to the light switch and GUESS WHAT! It won’t turn on so I run back to my bed and turn on the tv. I then start hearing noises from inside the closet as if someone was punching the wall. I stay awake until the sun comes out and I try and figure out why the light didn’t turn on and suddenly IT DOES TURN ON. My friend tells me that maybe I had sleep paralysis or I was dreaming BUT I could move so it wants sleep paralysis and I wasn’t dreaming because I answered a few texts and I remember what I wrote and there’s a time stamp on them. The las two days I spent there it felt like I was being watched. After that I went home for the weekend and I haven’t been back there because of the pandemic. So it isn’t my home that’s haunted because it followed me to my apartment.