Ok, so I will try to explain this story as best I can leaving out no detail, and definitely not fabricating anything. Basically it's short and far behind me, but it undoubtedly happened. I was young, maybe four or five years old. My parents had dropped me off at my Aunt's house for the weekend, while they went to scout out houses down in Florida. I was living in Pittsburgh at the time, and lived in a trailer home. While my aunt lived in a mansion, a very large house to me at the time. Basically the story goes like this. It was the middle of the day, and I had lost one of my lego pieces in some portion of the house. I knew it had to be on the third floor. Fyi, this house was extra creepy to me at the time, and being alone was not an option. I went to the third floor with my cousin, and we searched the whole floor, except one room which was my aunts master bedroom. This room had two doors leading into it, a double set of doors and a walk through closet. The double set of doors were locked, and I was too small to even open them anyway. So I searched through the closet with my cousin. Then, out of nowhere she gave up on me, and left, but I kept looking. So I went into the empty master bedroom by myself, to search under the bed, before I called it quites too. Keep in mind that there was plenty of sunshine, but that didn't matter. As I remember it clear as day. I turned around from looking under the king sized bed, and was presented with the figure of death. Everything was normal except for this figure. This figure stood next to the locked double doors, and wasn't even blocking my exit, but was ominously there none the less. This grim reaper figure stood at maybe six feet tall, had a pristine black handled scythe with a glimmering silver blade. The figure was maybe two feet behind me, simply glaring in my direction. This figure felt as if it had a presence, and was very much three-dimensional. Not like that of a hallucination. Most astonishingly it was completely motionless, this striked nothing but terror into my heart, and I ran out through the closet screaming. I didn't go back into that room alone for a while. I was and am still completely healthy, I hadn't had and still don't have any diseases or mental disorders, and this was completely a one time occurrence. One that I never forgot, and even after it happened I still remember telling all of my friends and family. Family didn't care, and friends just chimed in with similar stories saying it was cool. This was right before I moved to Florida. I've lived here for the past 12 years doing just fine. Any ideas on what it could mean?