I'm not sure why it's on my mind to get this off my chest now. Here. But its nagging at me and I'm having one of those days of such self hate that I hyperventilate half the day. I'm pretty sure I was attacked by a demonic entity when I was 14 and its left its mark on me to this day. This may be a long post, I try to forget that this happened as much of my life as possible. Tonight my chest hurts, breathing is a painful chore and I just get so sick of it. I was a problematic teenager. Father was awol from age 1 or so up. Had a great stepdad who I resented the hell out of, because, cynical chip on shoulder teen.  So high school comes and not did I take advantage of the step up in social status. I tried every drug I could get as a freshman, which in backwoods alabama 1993-1994 turned out to be speed pills, some shitty cocaine and weed. Well regardless of quality or quantity my mom and stepdad decided that Bradford health services was the way for me after a period of problem after the problem for a good consecutive 18 months or so. So I went, reluctantly but I still went. A very nice juvenile officer for the local courthouse of our county was gracious enough to get mom a court order lol. So 30 days was normal at this time. I can't remember how many days into this stay the event happened but its may have been somewhere between the halfway and 2/3 point of that 3p day stay. We were separated from the adults. The administration was afraid for us to get our hands on cigarettes or any of the other things I have seen adults sneak into a rehab center since joining that adult elite, which is quite astonishingly a good deal many different things. Anyhoo, girls on one wing, boys on the other two wings facing each other, one giant resident advisory desk slap in the middle between two wings. 6 to 8 rooms per end wing. So a total of 12 to 16 girls and boys at once i guess? Doesn't matter we were never completely full anyway. I had a roommate myself, her name was Andrea. Pronounced like ahn-dreya, short curly hair and bubbly and unbearably perky. She was just what I needed according to one adviser because I just was not the perky. Those places run on a very strict tight schedule and for good reason. The 12 step program works if you work it. It saves lives. However at this time I wasn't all too interested in being saved at that point, I wasn't into any dark shit I just wanted to be left alone to destroy myself I guess. I could go into the thousand reasons I was that way and still struggle to this day to stay positive but that's not why were here today. The structure of the day was breakfast, classes, meetings, groups and individual therapy, mental and environmental preparedness for when you release back into the wild etc. Lunch dinner metting meds bedtime right? Bedtime for the adolescent ward would run maybe around 9-10. Keep in mind this was 25 years ago so I'm reliving this a bit as a type and now I'm starting to wonder if this was even a good idea. I see shadows in the hallway. Very tall ones sometimes. Strange things happen in my home and life and to other members of my family. The night in question, whatever the date, late spring 1994 in north alabama. We went through the usual routine and it was once again bedtime. Our room had the usual two twin beds mine was farthest into the room beside this conveniently creepy little window with those metal vertical blinds you find in any hospital type setting. Were there, wardrobe placed across from the foot of each bed, small bathroom sink mirror area to share. Each in our respective beds it must have been quite sometime that had passed because I distinctly remember it was after midnight. Andrea was already asleep and snoring her night away. I do not remember if I had fallen asleep or had just been awake the entire time but I do remember being awake then, and feeling a strange heated vibration almost rising up from beneath the mattress, almost as if it was coming from below ground. It was a horrid horrid feeling v when the vibration would pass up through the mattress and into and out through my body. The entirety of my small ass 14 year old body that was absolutely vulnerable in that place in that bed at that moment. I just laid there, a bit scared but not enough to make noise at that moment so tossing  and turning trying  to shake the vibrations and heat and electric pulses that were radiating harder and harder by the moment.  I remember turning to face the door that led out of the room and was on left side then. Position one hand beneath the pillow and my head on top of it squirming and trying to get comfortable and stop vibrating.  I hear behind me the blinds being rattled as if someone had taken a hand with claws almost and ran it down the entire length of the blinds. I was paralyzed.  There should be no mov6no noise no shit. There was no space for a person to be there nor was there anyone besides my sleeping roommate in the room. Shaking and scared I stayed put, on my left side, left side of my face compressed Into the pillow. At that moment I felt a tounge, very obviously not human because of the hard wet slimy way it felt as it licked my face from the chin up the length of my cheek and jawbone. From inside this fucking pillow. I freaked the motherfuck out. Right then and there. I jumped into the bed with and andrea because what the fuck else do I do I am a stupid fucking 14 year old girl in rehab for fuck sake. Wake her ass up, she tries calming me telling me I had a damn nightmare you can sleep with me type shit. Maybe 3 minutes I don't think it was even that long had passed. She never told me what it was that changed her mind but something did. She said ok what the fuck was that. The vibrations were coming from underneath her bed now. We ran like fucking mad screaming out of that room. Fortunately for the two of us the resident advisor on schedule that night was a godsend angel named audrey who just so happened to know more about jesus and the bible than anyone else I have ever met. She tried to question the validity of our claims at first but when she entered that room even she knew some shit was up. She took her bible which coincidentally she never left home without and went around the room with prayer and some beads she had handy and did what she thought best but there was no going back in that bitch for us. We slept in the main room for three days where group meetings were held each day and took consequences and privilege losses just to avoid that fucking room. There were reports from other adolescent residents after that. Three other rooms were attacked all complete with a ripped shower curtain that looked like some ungodly fuck had shredded it with the most insane claws possible and even a three toed clawed almost web footed footprint that led out the side fucking wall of one of the boys rooms. One footprint. There was a Polaroid of the footprint that was taken at the time by none other than ms audrey the saint but I have no knowledge of whatever happened to the photo. The moment I was set free I left that shit hope and never looked back. I never told my mom or family about this. My husband knows and a couple other people. .y life has been plagued with bad situations and trauma and loss. Idk if its connected or not but a part of me feels like I was marked that day because I have had that same feeling of fear and sensation of vibration a couple other times over the years. Almost as if its watching and waiting. Waiting for what? The shadow figures we see in our home are no more comforting either. The worst was the trio of shadow people the middle one had red fucking eyes. The world concerns me and I take too much feeling into everything. I try to avoid the news, tv, Hollywood movies etc. The influence and emotion and feelings I get from shit triggers me and is not a good feeling sometimes. I'm certain it sure if anyone has stuck around long enough to read this far. I know I ramble. Anyway. Thanks for listening. Peace and love to all, stay bright people.