I am reading a lot of stuff about paranormal and unnatural things happening. Recently I've been thinking about the MH370 which dissapeared. So I did a little bit of searching about it and i found something. It says that the government made a list of every single passenger. They said that there was a "mystery passenger unmasked". There are many theories as to what happened to MH370 and science journalist jeff Wise's argument is that it was a Russian military intelligence who are to blame for the tragedy. He claimed the plane actually flew north, instead of south, and ended up in Kazakhstan, a close ally of Russia. A truly incredible coincidence is just one of the reasons this theory  could be true. So I've came back on may old video of a french youtuber who was a lot into paranormal threads. I saw one of his (Squeezie) video about it and a thread of a man who got a voice message in airplane alphabet. It was saying " Danger SOS it is dire for you to evacuate be cautious they are not humans SOS danger SOS". A guy tought it was the black box of the MH370. He said that because of some big solar storm it increase the magnetism in the air so the signal would be amplified and sent farther to the man's phone. My first theory is that the guy really got the MH379 black box but someone or something found it before and modified it because no one in the plane would've said that except some sort of robot. My second theory is that something was in the plane (probably where there was all the animals) and escaped. It probably took the pilot place and just went too high and exploded thats why they found some debris. My last theory is that the pilot lost control of the plane so they tried to take some altitude to get back the control but they went to high and litteraly left the earth. Every single planet moon or asteroide has its own magnetic field. So the plane got magnetically caught by Mars's magnetic field or the moon magnetic field. That's my theories I don't care if they are "impossible" but I that's what I think happened. Can we please keep talking about this accident and all together try to find a real solution of what could've really happen.