I bought a very small doll that was made around 1880 . I thought she was sweet, and I set her on my desk. I never felt anything too strange from her- but something has been happening near her that is catching my attention. A few weeks ago I moved a wooden shelf sitting bunny next to her (vintage from 1970s?)  and a little marble board game of tic tac toe between them. It looked like a cute set up and they have been there since. Nothing strange happened before  this event: I moved the game to play with a friend.. after repeated cat games we decided neither of us would ever win/loose against each other. I put the marbles back in the side pockets and put it back on my desk. We heard a noise a few hours later- that sounded like a rock falling onto the desk- it startled us, and I checked to see what it could be.. and couldn't figure it out so we ignored it. The next day I noticed one of the marbles in a spot ready to play- I texted my friend, to confirm that they saw me put the game back - with the marbles in the side pockets. They agreed- and I mentioned one had moved. . We thought that maybe the desk was bumped (even though we have no memory if ever bumping it)  I joked about the bunny and doll playing the game together. I wanted to move a marble of the opposite color on the board (as if the game was started) but It kinda freaked me out so I decided to just ignore it.  A week later I saw another white marble had moved into the opposite pocket with all the green ones. Once again I thought it was strange but ignored it, and decided just not to touch it. This morning (about another week later after the last move) when I woke up I saw that once again- a white marble had moved.. but this time in the middle of the green marbles in the side pocket. . This one in the middle is way harder to believe that it would just roll over all the holes in the board to make it in the middle of the side pocket. My room (that is usually the most warm because of how small it is) has been freezing cold. Especially in one specific spot by my bedroom door. The floor is very cold there- which should be a warmer spot, since it is leading to the rest of the house. My question is- does this sound paranormal? I have always believed the house itself was haunted but liked to think my room was a relatively safe zone from it. (I smudge a lot, etc) I always hear noises anywhere else in the home. I do have a bird, but he does not go on my desk, and hadn't been out when the marbles moved. Also his flying gust would not move a marble all the way across several holes and onto the other side of the board. This is the 3rd time the marbles have moved on their own.  If this is paranormal, does it seem..harmless?