So my bedroom has a small walk in closet and if you look up you see a wood panel and if you move it you see the attic. So in other words my room is right below the attic. Keep in mind the panel is ALWAYS closed and I’ve been in there once and it’s always empty we never go in there. Also there is 2 levels in my attic. One day I was sleeping and I’m a pretty hard sleeper. But I woke up to my door opening. My parents do that sometimes to check on me. But they open the door like all the way. It wasn’t my parents tho. The door was about 3 inches open and I didn’t see anything since it was dark so I assumed it was my dad. But after 3 seconds (assuming) of the door being opened the light switched on. I was very creeped out because it doesn’t take total of three second to walk 20 feet to the light switch. I went back to bed assuming my dad opened the door and my sister turned on the light. When I woke up I was burning on my back. It felt like a really bad rug burn. I didn’t think of it as paranormal but than I realize I haven’t gotten hurt or anything and I realize that I sleep on my back. I check in the mirror and I have terrible scratch marks on my back. I was terrified. I went to my mom and she calmed me down. I went to bed that night. When I was on my phone I heard walking in my attic. Like if someone was slowly walking. When I tell you I was scared I’ve never been more scared in my life. After around 5 total foot steps I decided to sleep in the guest room. The next morning I didn’t tell anyone for some reason. My family had to go to the store and I didn’t want to go so I stayed home alone knowing what happened a few nights ago. I was in the garage getting some water from the mini fridge and I left the door open. When I was walking to the door it slammed right in my face. At that moment I KNEW someone was there. Than it locked. Than it unlocked. I was scared. To scared to even move and after 2 hours of being in the garage not knowing if “it” was still there or if it unlocked the door, my mom opened the garage door and I never felt more happy in my life. I’ll update you guys when something else happens but at this point I don’t think I’m going to sleep in my room for a few days.