Growing up I lived in a colonial style old house. It was built in the early 1700s and was 2 Floors with a basement and a big front porch. Also it had a big property with a super old graveyard on it. Most of the stones were knocked over by kids or had crumbled with time. Just thought I’d add that in there bc that place always freaked me out too even tho I never saw anything there and didn’t really ever stick around to see anything lol. I was about 10 when we lived here and as soon as we moved in we started having weird happenings. We would come home and little things would be messed with. One time the sugar was knocked over and another time a window was cracked that we swear we had closed. Just little stuff but as time went on we would notice what sounded like people walking around the house at night. My dad who’s a hardcore non believer even got up and looked around the house one night bc i went to him and said I heard someone walking around In boots and he said he thought it was only him. Of course no ones there and the security system was never tripped. My sister who was younger would also talk about someone she called “Mr. Polkadot Man and that he would play with her in her room. We chalked this up as the imagination of a 4 year old and that it was probably just an imaginary friend. One day we had come back from somewhere I can’t quite remember and her room was infested with ladybugs. I instantly made the polkadot connection and was scared shitless. Now at this time there was a massive ladybug problem and they were everywhere but there’s a few things that I still don’t get. To start my sisters windows were definitely shut when we left bc the ac was on and the ladybugs weren’t anywhere but in her room yet they could have went under the door or flew out when we opened it. Idk really weird but that’s really the limit to my experiences, the footsteps continued until we moved out less then a year later. There was a few people with rather intense experiences there. One of them was my cousin, he never said he saw anything but he just refused to enter. My sister was pushed off the couch when and my dad was in the room and had just turned his back for a sec when he heard her fall. My dad also said he saw someone out walking on the porch with a hat on one night and went out there. No one was there and he called the cops and checked the security cam sure enough it didn’t have anything on it. Cops said the previous owners called a bunch too. This house still creeps me out when I drive by it today