So, I went outside to go clean out my dads car which is sitting in the driveway to make some extra bread. The sun just started setting and will be down in probably another twenty minutes. Well, I’m cleaning out the back of his car, which is the dirtiest part. I’m not really giving a crap and just throwing shit into the bag, no matter what it was. I realize that all the shit is getting all over the ground so I begin cleaning up the ground and let the door close on its own. I get up and try to open the door again but it’s locked, which is weird but I could’ve bumped it with my elbow or some other shit. I go over to the other door and open it and crawl across and unlock the other door. I go back around and I’m working again and once again slip up on some trash and my bag spills. I close the door again, making sure it was unlocked cuz I didn’t want to have to go around again cuz I’m a lazy fuck. I pick up all the trash and I try opening the door again and, you guessed it, it’s locked. I sorta have a small freak out and go back around and try the other door, but it’s locked. I begin to hear like a weird hissing behind me but I don’t turn around right away cuz at first I thought it was some girl down the street going sksksksksk, then out of no where I begin shaking a whole bunch and my body is just not feeling it. It feels like I’m in a dream and some shit is chasing me down and my legs said fuck it. I turn around and I see a shadow like figure go into my fucking back yard through our gate. I immediately say fuck it and try to run but my legs are to shaky so I just almost fucking fall, then I walk into my house and just sit on the floor by the door trying to not shake no more. I went out a few minutes later feeling better and safer by bringing my dads pocket knife out with me and I go into my backyard but I’m unable to find anybody. I’m not sure if I actually saw somebody so I don’t really want to call the cops, and I’m gonna tell my dad later. But for reals what do you guys think happened. I understand I probably just saw shit or heard shit but I mean, fuck man I can’t explain the fucking doors.