I was a junior in high school and I was getting ready to go to our junior promenade (I live in Utah and we have junior prom in the town I live in and we have a choreographed dance that we refer to as promenade.) when I was headed to the school I saw my friend who was walking on the road alone. He was a tall cowboy kid with a bum knee and a big heart and it helped that he was a friend I grew up with. So I pulled over to the side of the road not far from him and rolled my window down and asked him if he needed a ride. It was the least I could do for him after all we were friends. He accepted my offer and climbed in my ‘94 Chevy pickup and I proceeded to drive him home we had a great conversation about our teachers and why he was walking (his transmission went out on his truck). Just after that conversation before we got to his house, his mom called and asked him if he still needed a ride he said no and that I had picked him up and we were almost home. He told his mom he loved her and ended the call. He looked at me and said “she’s so dumb sometimes.” With his great big Texas smile. I dropped him off at his home and headed into town to pick up my girlfriend knowing that I was going to be late if I hadn’t. I picked up my girlfriend and headed to the school where our dance practice was happening. I was watching the door waiting for my friend to walk through at any moment. Then something interesting happened, my classmates started to leave one by one, some of them were crying. I began to feel uneasy to the point I couldn’t dance anymore I told my girlfriend that it was best if we leave. I started to head back to my house which was the same direction as my friends, hoping that I could find out why my classmates left early. As I got closer to home I started to feel worse and that was when I saw my friends moms car that he had borrowed to take to our promenade practice crushed like a pop can. I knew that he was gone in that moment. I pulled over and started to sob when I got a phone call from another friend confirming my beliefs. My friend died that day from a head on collision with unknown causes. This happened on a Thursday I spent the next day all day making him a roadside cross in our school woodshop. The next few months is when it got interesting. My girlfriend and I were driving home from school one day, when I had gotten to the roadside cross that I had made for my friend months ago my radio started to go all over the place and then it resumed back to normal and this happened every month for the next few more months after that. And then it just stopped. I visit his grave frequently and talk to him as if we’re alive today. I still get dreams of his last ride home that I am blessed enough to have shared with him. All of this happened within the year of 2016 and today 5/14/2020 I was trying to order a takeout for my same girlfriend that I had then. And when I got to the same roadside cross my phone started to wig out in the middle of my order it lasted long enough that my girlfriend was able to snap a video of it. I’ve never heard the noises that were coming out of my phone on any phone ever. I’m not a very religious person and I’m not Mormon even though I live in Utah. But I believe that it’s my friend hitching a ride and saying hello and I thought it would be nice to share my experiences with the people of reddit. -Morgan