This was about two weeks ago. I recently just got laid off of my job due to the Pandemic but my husband is an essential worker so he still has to go in every morning. It was around 3pm in the afternoon and I was cleaning our kitchen and doing dishes. He usually doesn’t get home until 5:30-6:00pm every night. I was alone and wiping down our counters when I heard my husband calling my name downstairs. I immediately stopped and looked down at the staircase across from my kitchen. Then immediately after hearing what I thought was him, I watched my cats run over to our stairway and jump up onto our banister and look down towards the door to the garage like they always do when he gets home from work. So I thought he may have just been getting home early then quickly realized I never heard our garage opening or his car door shutting. My cats were still perched there and seemed like they were awaiting him still. Then they both look at me simultaneously with confusion. Then I responded back with his name in a questionable tone. There was no answer. That’s when danger entered my mind. I immediately grabbed our pistol with safety still on just Incase it really were my husband. Couldn’t be too sure it wasn’t. Then again I called out “HELLO” “WHO IS DOWN THERE” “I AM ARMED”. Still as silent as it was when I was peacefully cleaning. Then I call my husband and he answers and he could tell something was wrong even just hearing my voice before I explained what had happened. I asked him if he made it home and he said “No babe I’m still at work.” He always likes to prank me and I thought maybe this may have been one of those times. I told him “Tell me you are joking right now I have the gun in my hand, if you’re not home something just said my name and it sounded just like your voice!” He hung up the phone with me and called back on FaceTime so I could see he was still in fact at work. So now I’m thinking someone might be in the house. I checked every room and the windows and doors. All untouched. Then I began questioning if I was just hearing things. But the fact my cats reacted the same time I did is reassurance that I’m not crazy. I think they heard it just as I did. Haven’t heard a voice since.