So i am writing with hopes of getting some insight on this little problem of mine. recently i have become more and more afraid of the fact that someone is tracking my and my boyfriends facebook, keeping tabs on everything and is ready to use the most vulnerable and toxic sides of me against me. i have these weird and very traumatizing episodes where i am 100% sure it is real, i keep checking my accounts and even if one little detail is out of place, or a password is changed and i dont necessarily remember changing it I LOSE MY MIND. i start hyperventilating, crying, looking at the ceiling and everywhere that is higher that eye level sight, because it feels like there is way too much detail to comprehend, my eyes just keep turning upwards. its like i know at that moment that danger is coming and that something terrible will happen at that moment, that my convos are going to be shared with people from my uni and stuff like that. during those episodes i mostly keep changing passwords, checking every little thing and contemplating suicide, but its not that i get suicidal because i often get suicidal but then rethink it and still sant to carry on with my life, but during these attacks i  want to kill myself because i know that danger is coming and that is the only way out. theres no other solution  i pussy out because i know if i try to OD on my meds that prolly wont work or will result in me being disabled for the rest of my life. these episodes traumatize me. i cannot tell what is real and what is not. it reminds me of anxiety but i dont think anxiety makes you feel this way, lose your mind and touch with reality. i have one particular person in mind when i think of someone tracking me. i am diagnosed with a mixed personality disorder, depression and anxiety and i am prescribed meds such as respiridone, an antipsychotic for such attacks ( i have told my doctor about them and he prescribed me this, i used to be on tiapride) , mirtazapine for depression and anxiety and lamictal for severe mood swings. i just had one of these episodes and i cannot believe how i acted, my mother almost called the ambulance for me. it is so terrible, it takes life away from me. i can no longer tell what is real and what is not. my world split into two parts and the delusion ridden one is taking over day by day. could i have paranoid personality disorder? i think i could. but even if i check out the criteria im not the one to diagnose myself. what could these episodes / attacks be? what are they ffs. if a sharp blade is nearby during another one of these im afraid ill end myself or seriously harm myself.