When I was 4 my dad finally managed to get a house with my stepmom it was a great accomplishment. My stepmom was happy about the accomplishment that was until she realized that I was quite more then normal she asked me if I disliked the house. Through her words my response shook her to her core instead of answering her question I looked her dead set in her eyes and said in an unwavering manner "This house is haunted". Which was strange being that I was only 4 I didn't really believe her that is until I read her facial expression. There was no indication of lying or her making things up which discomforts me still. Nonetheless my Dad at the time tried to shrug off my words as me just joking and attempted to uplift my step mom's excitement again. For the next 5 years I would grow up in that house with discomfort everytime I slept I didn't feel like I was alone so I would grow suspicious it was until I felt like I was being watched that would cause me to flee my room in a distress manner at the dead of night crawling to my father in fear he would shrug it off claiming that I was just paranoid or tired that would be the case if it was just me experiencing things such as that. My stepmom would always wake up as well feeling watched and some nights she fled to the living room area near the front door and fall asleep on the couch Dad believed that it was just hormones kicking in due to her soon being a mother. Before my Step mom gave birth to my first little sister I had an experience. I woke up one night feeling the need to tinkle I climbed out of bed and did my busines and came back only to stop I realized that my window was open I don't  know if it was open but what really made my stomach drop was the feminine black figure I didn't move I felt like if I did I would hurl  it was just me standing still that's until I decided to move. I took a step. It snapped its head at me and the dark figure zoomed under my bed I broke out in tears and ran to my dad to sleep with him I don't remember the rest of the night but when I woke up I saw a trail of throw up leading to the bathroom from my spot. Then my step mom gave birth to a baby girl. Then there was another experience before my youngest sister was born. It was during the Summer we were getting ready to go to a lake I was confused though because I heard a bunch of banging outside in the backyard and began looking around I found my dad and asked him if he was okay turns out he wasn't the source of the banging I would have continued the searching if it wasn't for my father calling me for help and to get water. The backyard was on fire. I was so fucking scared but my step mom got a hold of the firemen. I swore to god when fleeing I saw another dark feminine figure waving. Soon enough my step mom gave birth again to a girl. The last straw of the house for me was when I encountered a dark male figures head in a lamp shade after I thought a chair was moving. I screamed and ran downstairs to my parents in tears and snot all while tripping down the stairs. My dad did research on the house with people who were familiar with these types of things. Next thing I know we moved and I was told to never tell my sisters why we really moved. But now that I'm watching them growing up their figures and shadows remind me of the 2 black feminine figures I encountered in that house