Sorry if this is long or hard to read, I’m new to reddit and want to make sure I give all the details. This happened when I was 10 or 11 and I am 22 years old now. I don’t know if this matters, but I come from a Christian family and I’m super close to all of my first cousins. Anyway, one of our cousins got a ouija board for Christmas (Crazy, I know) and when we were all over there for New Years we decided to try it out. My parents were completely against me doing it and strongly tried talking me out of it but they gave in because everyone else was allowed to do it. Boy, do I wish I would’ve listened to them! So we all went in my  aunt’s closet since it was the darkest place in the house and it was daylight outside. The board was glow in the dark so we could see. So it was me and I guess about six of my cousins, sitting in a circle in the closet with our knees touching and we each had two fingers on the piece that’s supposed to move. We did the whole like 3 circles around the board while doing the chant that was on the directions. We asked if there were any spirts with us and it went to yes. I know I wasn’t moving the piece, at least not consciously, and everyone else swore the same. I don’t remember the name it gave us but I do remember it telling us it was a good spirit. We asked how it died and it spelled out that he was murdered. I don’t remember the questions we asked that lead to it telling us about our deaths but it spelled out our youngest cousin’s full name (he was not with us as he was only 2 years old at the time) and said he would murder his older brother, who was in the closet with us, when they were older over jealousy about girls. Well that freaked my cousin out and he walked out. We kept asking questions. It spelled out my other cousin’s name and said she would die when she was 36 in a car wreck. (She’s in her late twenties now.) At this point, I’m freaking out. I never said anything out loud but in my head I kept saying over and over again “please do not say my name, please do not say my name”. Well what do you know, the thing spells out my full name; first, middle, and last name and told me I would die at age 12. My heart sank as soon as I saw it going towards the first letter of my name. We then ask “are you really a good spirit?” It goes to no. I run out of that closet so fast and I could not stop crying. Although I made it past my 12th birthday, I was scared of ghosts and what not for YEARS. We live in a two story house and me and my brother’s rooms are upstairs and even though we built that house and I know it‘s not haunted, I never wanted to stay upstairs and if my parents made me, I would force my little brother to sleep with me. Lol. I even had my parents call over a priest at one point and he blessed the house. Since coming to college and being exposed to so many other religions and beliefs, I started to question my faith and have serious doubts about God, the afterlife, and supernatural stuff in general so I came to the conclusion that it was definitely our subconscious moving that thing or that one of the cousins was moving it on purpose and just never fessed up. However, this forum has definitely strengthened my beliefs in God again, which I’m thankful for, but it also makes me wonder about that day. And I want to add, my cousin who had the ouija board did it again with her friends when we were in high school and she had a really scary experience and ended up throwing the board away. I texted her before I made this post asking what happened but she said she’s home alone and doesn’t wanna think about it so she would tell me tomorrow if y’all would want to hear about it. I would love to hear y’all’s thoughts on this because it has crossed my mind every day for the past 10 years.