So a little while ago I shared about what's going on at my house, and everything calmed down for a while. Honestly, I had heard that acknowledging it or talking about it made it worse so I was surprised. But about a week and a half ago things went from just hearing footsteps sometimes or things going missing to everybody seeing full apparitions. My sister saw someone in her closet while on facetime, like they were looking through her clothes. But when she turned around nobody was there. While using the bathroom at 4am, my juul went missing and about an hour later it was sitting on my pillow with the charger I had to replace, that was lost months ago. My stepdad and Mom were in the hallway putting a new lock on their door because the old one was damaged (we still don't know if that was somebody trying to get in or what) but they both saw an extremely tall, white woman in a long white dress leaving my room. Theyre certain she was in a wedding dress. And the rest of the house will say that they have seen or heard one of us in the kitchen or garage when nobody is down there. That's about it except for the knocking and footsteps we hear around the house. Most of the time theyre in the attic, where kris's (the man who hung himself) ashes are. We had a pastor come in and bless the house but that was around the time of the first post. I just figured I should give a little update since I became inactive. Also the reason that I haven't been on is the same reason I haven't been able to text my friends or family or leave my house, I've been really depressed and in a bad space. I'm seeing a therapist and that's helping. I'm thinking all of this has something to do with a number of things, firstly the land is really old, there was a war here. Second thing is the death in my family/ in the area/ on the land. And the last one is to me the most likely, a poltergeist. Everyone here has childhood trauma and they don't talk about it which in my experience only makes it worse. Apologies again for being so inactive! I'll try to post more.