I wanted to share something that has happened to me and my brother five years ago, sorry for any grammatical errors.
I was born and raised in Greece and I used to live on the outskirts of a village on a secluded mountain.At the time I was around 14-15 I started to see a shadow out of the corner of my eye, but when I turned to look at it it was gone. This went on for 2 weeks maybe. Then I started to wake up in the middle of the night to see a figure standing in the corner of my room. It was as tall as my ceiling and I couldn’t make out anything besides the eyes and mouth.It didn’t do anything apart from staring at me  hours on end. I told my parents and they said that I was dreaming but I can remember vividly that I woke up. The figure started to appear when I was lying in bed reading or texting someone, when I looked up it was just there. I was too afraid to move and to yell for help at this point. I again told my parents what was happening and my father said he’d sleep in my room in case the figure appeared again. And it did. It was standing in the corner and just smiling at me I wanted to shout for my dad to wake up and then it said “you can try all you want no one will hear you” I was very afraid and started crying, then my father woke up and the figure was gone. A year passed and I stoped seeing it around the time my brother, who’s 5 years younger than me started complaining of a scary figure in his room at night (My parents and I never talked about the shadow figure when my brother was there nor did we tell him worried that he would be too scared to sleep at night). He said it was sometimes standing at the foot of his bed and sometimes outside the window waving at him while smiling. I didn’t want to tell him that I saw him too to keep him calm, but I offered to sleep in his bed with him in case he came again. This night was by far the most scariest. My brother was fast asleep while I was on my phone when I heard someone walking around outside. I brushed it off as my father or my grandpa on their way to put some logs into the boiler that keeps the house warm. Then it clicked, I would hear it if someone opened the door because it is very loud. I knew somehow he was coming. My brother must have sensed it too because he woke up with a startled expression on his face, then we saw the figure it the darkest corner of the room. But opposed to other times it started coming towards us. I just heard my brother cry beside me and I screamed at the top of my lungs for my parents. They came in and saw nothing but after that night they got a preist to bless the house. 2 years later I saw the monster from disturbed on a poster somewhere and the shadow figure looked almost exactly like it. To this day my brother and I remove everything that could be seen as a figure in the dark in our rooms.