 I think I've had an experience and I'm still trying to wrap my head  around it. Me and my friend were walking towards a park to go and hang  out, and then we discovered this sewer system. We decided to check it  out, because we were stupid. There was a grate covering it, but the bars  were bent open enough that me and her could squeeze in. She had a  really bad feeling about it, shes a super intuitive person when it comes  to paranormal stuff, but I just ignored it and went further in. There  was a big room area that the grate led into and it had a grate on the  top where light was shining through. There was a big tunnel leading  right, and a small tunnel up high that I couldn't reach on the left. The  room was partly filled with water at the bottom and there was some  graffiti on the walls of the tunnels. As I looked to the left, it was  super dark so I couldn't see very well, but a long ways down there was  another grate and there was some light leaking in. I could see a long  lanky thing stretched out that looked like a really skinny arm? I  couldn't see a body because it was further closer to me where it was  darker, and i could only see it because it was in front of the light, so  it was shining behind it and made it pop out (sorry if this was worded  weird, I don't know how to describe it.) It looked like an arm stretched  out, and it wasn't moving. I ignored it, thinking it was probably just a  plank of wood or something propped up because there were some planks of  wood in the room I was in. I decided to stack some rocks by the left  tunnel so that I could reach it and look in. As I looked through the  tunnel, there was another room far down the tunnel, and it had a grate  on top like my room, and light was leaking in. Then I noticed this grey  hunched over figure, with an extremely bony body. It didn't have any  clothes or hair from what I could see. Its body looked super  malnourished. I couldn't see its head or its legs since the tunnel was  really small. All I could really see was its back, part of its neck, and  the tops of his arms. It also wasn't moving, and by this point I was  freaking out. I went back to my friend and told her what I saw. I asked  her for her phone so i could take a picture to show her, since she  refused to go into there. I took the picture and then we high tailed it  out. I sadly don't have the picture because the phone it was taken on  had gotten lost. We have gone back a couple of times, but never saw  anything like it since, the tunnels were just empty. I think the  figure(s) were either crawlers or greys, maybe. If anyone has any  information on greys, please let me know, I cant find much about them.  Sorry if this is badly worded, its super late lol. If anyone needs me to  elaborate on something I'd be happy to do so. Anyone have any idea what  it was or have anything similar happen to them?