So I'm living with my cousin as a roomie on one of my grandfather houses, we are almost 8 months here and this got a little strange. At nights we play with our friends on the PC or the PS4, we stay on the first floor of the house and use the second floor to sleep, one day we were just talking standing near the entrance door, and suddenly it starts to open, we just see it astonished and then trying to remember if it was with lock or it was just standing closed, there wasn't any kind of wind that opened, anyway, we still thought that was the wind and start to talk about another thing to forget.  Another night some days after that, my cousin was going to sleep at the second floor and then he called me, saying that saw some kind of shadow in the dark moving, when he was at stairs, I was a little sceptical and thinking that maybe say that to scare me because of the door that opened some days ago. We were going to sleep normally and days passed. There is a room at the first floor that we keep empty, because there are some plans to put a desk there and one day at the morning it was a little open, he told me if i opened the door and obviously say it that no, so that was again a little strange. The most rare start on this week, we were playing on the PC both, the main door, the one of the entrance have two locks, one that use a key and another one is just a hook and circle, it can't be opened by the wind because when there is wind never open itself just to clear out. So, we were playing and the door was with the hook and suddenly I hear how the hook was opened , immediately I look to the door and start to open itself, my cousin from his PC was looking it too and I say to him that I hear how the hook was opened, my first thought was that there was wind and the door was moving or maybe that my cousin was to the store. We just keep with a little fear and immediately close the door, thinking what happened and how, we can't find a explanation about that. Today I didn't sleep here, and he was sleeping alone, he told me that was playing, closed the door with key and go to sleep and when he woke up and go down, the door was opened, he is a little anxious that he is sure that was closed before he sleep. I don't know what this is, and want. Any ideas o help will be appreciated. Thanks.