This has always been kinda sensitive for me because it happened to me when I was young and always felt guilty about it, but maybe I’ll get some explanation or closure. When I was 11 I had a cat I loved, and as a kinda nervous and unsocial 6th grader, my cat was basically my best friend at the time. They were an outside cat, and we let the cat out every morning before I went to school. This morning though, I woke up a little early and I closed my eyes and tried to fall  back asleep, but when I did I suddenly felt like someone had hit me really hard with something metal and I jumped up, but nothing happened. I had a weird feeling all morning but when I was ready to go to school I let the cat out as usual, but I got this sudden horrible feeling that he was in danger. I tried to take him back inside because I felt like he was unsafe and I was really scared for him, but my parents told me he’d be alright and I let him stay outside then they drove me to school. While I was at school, I kept thinking about one of my favorite pets who died some years before, who I hadn’t thought about in a while. She just kept popping into my head. I asked to stay after school that day, but my dad told me to come home as fast as I could. When I got home, they told me that not five minutes after we left, my cat was hit by a car and killed. I was horrified and I felt like it was my fault he died because I could’ve prevented it. My parents told me recently how bad they felt about it because they told me he would be okay. But this isn’t the only time this has happened. The second time this happened was on a regular day, my parents rented a cool car and wanted to drive to the beach. It was like, 3 PM, just a casual unplanned outing and I was excited. Then we were getting ready and I got the feeling again, like they were in danger and I was scared, so I said we shouldn’t go. They left me at home instead, and they went to the beach without me, and I just remember sitting at the window watching my parents and brother drive away sobbing uncontrollably because I knew they were unsafe and something was wrong. Then the feeling kinda started going away, and they came home like five minutes later, saying they changed their minds because traffic was bad. It chills me to think of what could’ve happened to them if they didn’t turn around, and I’ve vowed to myself if I get this feeling again I will do whatever I can to keep the target of the worry safe, whatever the cost. I’ve had some other paranormal experiences over the years but this one struck me the most because it dealt with actual lives. Does anyone have an explanation for this or did I just predict the future?