Okay im just gonna go out of my way and say my mom is fucking retarded. I swear im so glad the corona virus canceled the school year for me. I switched my sleep schedule to were i wake up when my parents go to sleep and go to bed when they come back from work. I just cant take jt anymore. So the reason im saying this is because she bitches at ANYTHING And i would say im a very respectful son. I dont disobey her, i do most of the chores, and i dont break any of her rules (like staying late out or not listening to her). So before i switched my sleep schedule, i would have to listen to her bitch about something when she came back home from work. For example, im just watching hulu in the living room and i hear her come into the house and fucking bitch about the dishes not being done. Something that can be solved within minutes. she just yells about the smallest shit. My dad is the same way. He doesnt do it everyday but when he does god is it fucking annoying. This dude gives a fucking Speech about how he has to wash the dishes in the morning before leaving for work all the time. At this point i was at my breaking point of this shit and just told him that i could do it when i wake up. Like holy shit this fucking brain dead monkey couldnt think of that. They literally blame my siblings And I about being lazy and doing nothing all day. Of course were not perfect and will forget to take out the trash or maybe forget to tidy up the bathrooms. And oh boy is that a sin. My mom will do nothing but yap her fucking mouth like a fucking dog complaining about how hard they work and how we do nothing for them. It honestly pisses me off how selfish they can be. Like i do love them with all my heart but god knows i can only take so much. And Its not like we dont do shit either we do clean a lot but i guess they cant see that and never go out of their way to thank us. I do thank them. Everyday as soon as they come home. I kiss them on the cheek and help them coming in with their things. Im laying on my bed rn 4am writing this because ive just had enough. This isnt all she does but if i were to write more i would be writing a fucking book. All im saying is that she is a fucking stupid bitch and that some point im just never gonna want to see her anymore.