My mom has threatened to beat me twice now. The first time was a couple months ago, I noticed a wasp by the door trying to get out and I panicked, I have slight trauma from wasps because a girl in 3rd grade got stung in her eyeball and became partially blind. So I ran to find mom to help me and when she came over she said "just deal with it it's not gonna do anything" and slightly nudged me towards it, I freaked out and in a panic I mumbled "you- fucking.." on accident, she thought I called her a fucker, and said if I wanted to know how she really gets when she's angry, and that she won't hesitate to bash my head against the wall so hard that my front teeth fall out, then she went back outside. The second time was just a couple seconds ago, y'know how we deal with our parents practically shit talk us all our lives and demand respect for it and we just go "okay-" but when we say something mild they freak the fuck out? Well everytime our doberman is doing something bad I tell my mom to grab her and stop her and she takes like five Mississippi seconds before she puts her phone down and looks around and I, semi jokingly say "and you call *me* slow" well just now the puppy had some paper and she told me to get it, I take like two seconds to take off my headphones and stand up to grab the paper and she goes "y- Jesus Christ you're a turtle" and in the heat of my annoyance I go "you aren't fast either!" She gets up and walks towards me and says similar to what she said the first time, this time she threatened to slap me so hard I bleed a little from the impact, and that she's not afraid to beat the shit out of me. I've been feeling somewhat depressed because I miss my hobbies and we're moving, so I've been lazy with chores and unmotivated to talk at times, but I feel like that's not a reason to be beaten, right? I don't want to talk to her and ask her to approach me gentler because I know my quiet self will word it wrong and she'll get offended and interrupt me, ranting about how I'm not depressed because I didn't go through what she went through, and to "stop being so quiet" (I'm a shy person and she, an extrovert, doesn't understand how I function so differently towards strangers than she does) and I'll just end up crying and not saying what I wanted to. I need advice from someone, are my problems actual problems? Or am I being a sensitive brat because I truly haven't gone through struggle? Is this technically normal in a Mexican American household? I've heard stories of people saying it's normal for Mexican mom's to raise their kids like that.. F14