Ok this is going to be a hefty read because I’ve tried a lot and nothing has worked so please read everything I’ve tried and PLEASE HELP ME :). So my PC has been acting up lately. I have an MSI codex x prebuilt that originally came with a i6-6700k and a gtx 1080 which I got for a steal of $350. So it’s done me REALLY well for the last  8 months and I decided to upgrade by selling my 6700k and oem mobo and buying a msi Mpower titanium motherboard and i7-7700k from a fried who is upgrading. The only catch the front usb c port doesn’t work because of a broken pin in the plug. So I installed this all and 3 open and reopens later my oc is working perfect. So this lasts for maybe 3 months and 2 days ago I noticed, High gpu and cpu usage big frame drops on (yes I know bully me later) Fortnite. I’m on 1080p and should get a solid 144 FPS on high but I get maybe 110 with drops down to 30. So I uninstalled Fortnite and reinstalled thinking it was a shitty epic games issue but nope frame drops still so... my next idea is restart my pc so I do this and nope still massive frame drops. So next I boot to bios and make sure all my disks are arranged and try to turn on Intel game boost. But now my pc won’t boot and does the windows inaccessible boot drive so I out of frustration and like 7 reboots just decide to reset my pc becuase hopefully that will fix my pc problems right? Fresh install of windows and a full reset later and HOLY SHIT NOTHING HAS BEEN FIXED. So I update my drivers, then a stress test then scower the Internet. Next I check my temps. Temps are normal on both cpu and gpu (my cpu is delidded). So I benchmark my pc and WTF everything is preforming “above expectations” well fuck you userbenchmark thanks for nothing. So I once again clean install windows out of frustration. Still load problems.  So now comes my firey wrath of profane words and chucking my mousepad across the room. So I calm down and really take a deep look into the process. My cpu seems a little high on idle but nothing extreme (10% with spikes to %30) but my gpu is totally normal. But under any load over normal it fucking shits itself and hits 60%-99% my cpu hits pretty high at like 80%. So I talk with a really nice guy on r/techsupport and he basically tells me he has no clue but it looks like power throttling. So after a few chats with some nice people I pop open msi afterburner and increase my voltage and temp limits and that seems to increase my frames by about 10 but still insane lows and bad dips but now it’s playable. I take another look at task manager and it seems my gpu spikes randomly. So I’m confused and decide to pop my bad boy open. I call up a friend and ask if I can use his ram to see if mine is faulty becuase latency mon seems to read some latency and nope nothing fixed. So I check which wattage my psu is and 850w so it definitively provides enough power. I replaced all my ssd and hard drive cables with the extras I had and checked my cables on my pc BUT NOTHING HELPS. So here I am at 7:46pm I have an appointment with some dude tomorrow who works out of his fucking garage to try and fix my pc. So as my last hope I turn to you guys. Please any kind of help helps. And yes my windows is updated :).