Ok so Ive been building my PC for half a year buying parts every month or 2. An put it together But I kept getting a black screen an "no signal" and the PC would stay on but my monitor would still say no signal. After I close it an reboot it, it would then re boot an then another black screen would appear saying "no signal", then go more black, then light back up saying HDMI then it would work. an I'd be able to get into my BIOS. Then when restarting I'd get no signal again (almost like everytime the screen needs to go black I get no signal.) I'd have to restart again an then windows would load up, then I'd try an sign in an after I press enter the screen freezes an the computer resets again. Sometimes I can get into the actual desktop screen an all will be fine ( it did freeze an reboot a couple times after making it on the desktop screen) but my audio driver an other drivers aren't working properly and when I try an install my GPU driver (since it shows an "!" By it) it downloads to the point where it needs to black screen  (normal when updating GPU driver) but anytime it black screens I get a no signal again an it resets my PC, then I have to go through all of the freezes an resets again an can't get back into windows without it crashing a couple more times. When I use the repair tool built into windows It just tells me it couldn't fix my problem. I ran it an safe mode an nothing, I checked the command prompt an tried the chkdsk an it said it found errors in my system. When pressing chkdsk /f   to fix the problems I got a message that said It can't because of some volume write protection or somthing, I installed my OS on my SSD. I even updated my BIOS to the latest version. Also I watched a tutorial about the regback way to fix it, and seen that not only do I not have any "0"s by the registry but I don't see any numbers at all. I already re installed Windows about 4 times. Each time when it would say that it needs to restart a couple times to finish the installation, I would get the "no signal" again and have to manually power it back down. But then I get the signal on the next boot. The Ram/cpu is compatible with the motherboard. I don't know if it's my GPU PSU or CPU or even my Motherboard that might just have somthing wrong with it., I hear alot that faulty graphics cards can cause the no signal an random crashes but command prompt actually said I had errors in my system. I don't have a HDMI output on my motherboard either so I can't see if it's just the GPU, They're all new peices but I'm still crashing. I made sure everything was plugged in tightly. I cleared my CMOS , put everything to default but i get no signal. everytime I kept it on default, I have to change my windows 10 WHQL support to UEFI instead of CSM just to get it to stop "no signal"ing' everytime, but I still get it when the monitor goes dark. I slow built the PC so I had plenty of time to look up which part I was installing an the do's and do not's. Linus Tech tips helped lol. Specs=  MEG Z390 Godlike / cpu -  i9-9900k / GPU -  RTX 2070S / PSU - Thermaltake 850W / RAM - Corsair Dominator Platinum (2x) 16gb @3200MHZ C16 / Cooler - Thermaltake Flow Riing 360 / SSD 970EVO Plus