So I will start by saying I have never owned a console other than my xbox 360. And I am a pc gamer with a decent gtx 1070 rig. So I'm making this because of the new Xsx and ps5  releasing later this year and my main question is that I just dont understand why people love pc Gaming so much especially when the xsx is more powerful than an rtx 2080 super? I mean I have played on pc for a long time and I have never seen graphics that look as good as some of the ps4 exclusives like god of war. So I dont know why people keep saying that graphics are better on pc. I know that you can achieve higher res and fps on pc but now with the new generation of consoles the same thing will be achieved on consoles. And then people will argue that even if the consoles are cheaper at launch, after 1 year you could make a pc that has the same specs for the same price. Well I dont know if that's true but tbh I doubt it. PC gaming has always been more expensive and now more than ever. With the XsX touting a supposed level of performance which matches even a 1.5 to 2k system, I mean the gpu alone would cost more than 1k. "Rtx 2080 super" or a more powerful 2080ti And I mean other than having to pay for online and possibly having no mouse and key board support I dont see why getting a pc is better. I mean if you want to upgrade your pc, and make it more powerful go ahead but its damn expensive and it's not going to make your games looks any better, aside from higher fps and resolution I guess. But if you can max out the graphics and it still doesnt look as good as let's say the next god of war on ps5 then what's the point. So personally I would play all my singleplayer games on ps5 and play all my multiplayer competitive shooters ect. On my pc with my high refresh rate monitor. Tbh I dont know what to say. Maybe i am misunderstanding something but from my experience pc gaming isn't all that great. And I'm not saying would would trade my pc for a xbox one x or ps4, but I'm saying that next generation looks like it will be better than pc.