So companies are side stepping intel as they say, to allow power multipliers which make a cpu run up a notch or so, and as long as you have the right cooling you should be good to go for a long time. I run an i7 9700F and it really showed on assassins creed odyssey, and similar games that are cpu heavy even with 8 cores and 8 threads that have a max of 4.5ghz when running all together and 4.6 to 4.7ghz respectively at max. Listed as hitting 4.7ghz yeah, but I've never even approached 4.69ghz like I do with 4.59ghz constantly lol. I noticed in my BIOS the only thing I could really do was force turbo always on, assuming it isnt power or thermal throttling. For a cooler I run a cooler master 212, not the best but certainly a big aluminum heat sink, tubes, fins, and plenty of airflow to keep my cpu cool. Record is 63 C and that was non stop pushing it and testing it in a sort of short period of time ( crammed some testing in within an hour or so). Next I went over to intel xtu, I noticed alot of numbers I adjusted went up and up but nothing changed as something keeps the parameters locked in the chip... The ones that seem to matter are the long turbo boost times and the power cache limit . I raised the turbo boost time to its highest setting and the next part is really crucial along with good cooling. I downloaded the correct files and permissions to get into run: grouppolicyeditor or however it's actually typed out, and in admin settings I found power manangment and inside that option is power throttling. You must click enable, apply, and then restart the comp because it wasnt accepting it at first oddly enough. I restarted and Walah. My 9700f series with a base of 3.00ghz and turbo of a reported 4.6ghz to 4.7gh now stays steady at 4.5ghz almost every second of the day if I leave these settings alone. When idle, it runs one core at 4.5ghz to 4.59ghz and temps hover around 33 C....  gaming hard still nets me an average 60C give or take but I've never had my CPU go up past 63 C. Pretty happy that we find ways to do stuff like this. The issue is running assassins creed odyssey and monitoring things is odd. It asks the cpu for more. And there is more. But it doesnt get it. Not in a remotely linear way. Now by forcing all clocks to run at or near max always, I have constant steady numbers to go off and those numbers stay at or above 4.5ghz on any core being used. It's great. I look forward to the next step tho. We haven't had anyone design an external peripheral to trick the mobo and cpu into higher multipliers like these companies are doing with power limits? There is always a way and I know this cpu can handle way more than intel let's it handle. Hope this helps some with non K series intels and maybe you can give me some feedback and knowledge as well. Enjoy!