A little under 2 years ago I gained about 30 pounds in a short period of time. No matter what I tried, the weight wouldn’t go away, but I noticed I also didn’t gain any new weight on top of that, even when I went through periods where my eating/exercise habits got bad. Not sure how that part happened. About a year ago I was prescribed birth control for my PCOS and it worked beautifully. I lost 15 pounds in the span of a little under 2 months while barely lifting a finger. I made some small adjustments too like walking to work more and trying to eat less, but no extra exercise or fancy diets. After losing the weight, I spent 2 months at home with my parents and was worried that I would gain weight because I don’t walk anywhere at home and my parents make huge meals (they’re delicious though lol). After the first month, I realized that I wasn’t gaining the weight back, and even lost 1-2 more pounds! When I went back to the city where I work, I was back to walking everywhere (about 3-4 miles a day) and thought maybe I would continue losing weight without trying. I didn’t, but I didn’t gain any either which was nice. I didn’t watch my calories or work out at all at this point, and my weight stayed the same! After 4 months of this, I was having medical issues unrelated to PCOS and stayed with my parents for a while while being prescribed a high dosage of prednisone. One of the side effects of it is increased appetite and weight gain. For a 2-3 week period, I was eating a lot (though it didn’t feel like that much more than how I had been eating for the last few months) and I expected some weight gain but not nearly as much as I ended up gaining. I gained back 12 pounds after just this short period, and it’s been a few months since then and I just haven’t been able to lose it back. I noticed my measurements haven’t changed too much though. And similarly to before, my weight is kind of just stuck here and if I don’t exercise/eat what I want, I don’t gain any weight either. Being stuck in my house for quarantine, and who knows how long that’ll last, is extra stressful too because I’m no longer walking to work and getting my steps in. For the last 2 weeks I’ve been doing various kinds of exercise like tabata workouts, pilates, and walking on the treadmill and have been exercising every day as well as eliminating snacking between meals and eating smaller portion meals. I know it’s only been 2 weeks but seeing no difference on the scale is really demoralizing. Does anyone have advice for this problem?