Hello! I just wanted to give an introduction in the title as to the anatomy of my body and my age bracket. However, i am so glad i found this reddit page because for about a year now i have been struggling with what seems to be pelvic floor symptoms. Heres gonna be a brief description of what im going through as im in bed typing this with anxiety because i cant sleep and my girlfriend is next to me asleep and unsatisfied. My symptoms had started a year ago when i started noticing my pee was dribbling after urination so i just had to start dabbing it with with tp after peeing. Also my bowel movements were also very frequent, and because i was trying gain size and eat alot, i may have been not getting alot of fiber which cause over strain via multiple trips to the bathroom to try to poop everything out. It started to become a serious issue , as i started not being able to get an erection with my girlfriend or my erections would get weak or soft during sex and all i could feel was pressure inside my anus and discomfort with the muscle used to contract the erection. I could tell before sex if this was gonna be an issue because everytime during that day we’d try to have sex, i can feel the urge to poop intensify as if i was going to shit myself during sex, however i never feared this so it wasn’t a preformance anxiety issue .This has happened about 10 times over the past year. So im about a year into all this and am barely discovering that there are others like me. I also mention the “bodybuilder” part because i live a healthy lifestyle. Take my vitamins, fish oil , gallon of water, fiber supplement, and eat around 4 large meals a day in order to supplement my intense high intensity workout 4 days a week which are full body. At the moment i catch myself most of the day involuntarily squeezing my pelvic floor muscle and i have to catch myself to stop because thats why i assume your supposed to do. Does anyone have any other tips to clear up some of the issues ive been having? The dribbling of pee and frequent bowel movements arent as big as a deal as the erection part because it is just plain scary when i have no feeling in my penis and can only feel this rock like pressure in my pelvic floor