So I came across penpals while searching for ways to chat with strangers, and I guess, in a way, its the same concept. I am a university student, currently ofcourse to covid been a while since I last attended, I like music, imagine dragons, some other artists, but not all of their songs, like I like the song, and rarely follow a band or a singer for all of their songs, if you know what I mean, I like arcade games, I like coding, mainly java till now, have a nice background in python. I want to be successful, what ever the hell that means, I have some issues, like overthinking, and those who have it will know where it could lead to, and how extreme it could become. I also don't know if thats how this subreddit works, but I thought if someone was going to choose someone, i guess they should know somethings about him/her, hopefully thats how you do it. I am Muslim. Don't know specifically why, but just feel weird when I think about wanting to type about the kind of penpal i am looking for, like who am I to choose, or maybe not that exact thought, i dont know, just a weird feeling, but not like thats going to stop me. Someone my age? maybe younger, but definitely no older, dont like and hate it when anyone tries talking down to me, so i guess thats something that comes with the package of being the older person, maybe someone that feels that he/she sounds like me, like you the reader, do you feel like you understand what I am saying, like can you expect that next word I am going to type? do you feel like your train of thoughts is on the same tracks as mine? Thought about this next one for a while, a while being the post I am currently writing, the duration I took while writing it, and the thing is gender? I thought about it because sometimes I feel like I talk better to girls than boys, but then boys you can sometimes when you find the right one, you can be more open with them, girls are sometimes more trustworthy, and I am speaking from my experience so if you are trust worthy boy, and know other trustworthy boys, then good for you and protect them, because i dont even know what you are talking about, haven't seen those, and you know how they keep saying that girls are the ones that are very emotional and overwhelming and all of that, I actually started feeling that boys sometimes, maybe more than that, but they just don't show it, a stigma maybe, because of culture, i dont know, but its something i noticed, just wanted to state that this is kind of turning into a rant rather than me searching for a penpal, so that should be something to expect you kind stranger if you choose to go for it and try to start a conversation with me. Just noticed I asked for someone my age and didn't state mine, I am 19 turning 20 this September, I also like movies, no like really like movies, mostly english, nothing of other languages. Also series, breaking bad, the mentalist, dexter, not the cartoon before you think about it, HOUSE, house is also great, beautiful, just like no its really good, and speaking of which, I can also get really depressive, like I was going to go and talk about that the episode I remember most was when Kutner commited suicide in House MD, like I remember it vividly even though i haven't seen it for a good while now, so yeah. Should I paragraph this? i mean like its getting out of hand, but I wouldn't know where to cut each paragraph.  I said I like music, but haven't said that I really like classical music, like mozart, anything with a piano in it, or a violin, like those chill pieces of music, those one for example they play in movies for when the actor is sitting in front of a beach, or basically Nolan's music, with other pieces, like just imagine, the music from inception, and interstaller, and then some piano from unleashed movie, like i think you get the picture by now. I can take care of you. Like I know people, I know or I think I know I understand people. I hope I do, I feel like I do. I don't know who if anyone would read all of this, till this second I don't also know if the post would be accepted, like another time I tried to post it was like you dont have enough karma, or something and was like no I aint going to try to post that post again. Thank you. Stay safe.