Am I the only one who thinks Royal is FAR easier than vanilla. I played Vanilla Persona 5 on normal difficulty, and the game was, for the most part,  at least a little challenging with a few spikes in difficulty every now and then (*Cough* Okumura *Cough*) But Royal on the other hand, either I have gained a lot more knowledge and experience and can now play much more effectively and efficiently than in Vanilla, or Altus did not balance out the game and enemies. I’ve been playing Royal on Merciless difficulty ever since near the beginning of Kamoshida, and the game has been much more of a breeze than Vanilla Persona 5. Granted, maybe it’s because the DLC Persona are overpowered (which they prob are) but I only use them when I get close to their level so that it’s more fair. Other than that I’ve played the game basically completely normally. I have farmer a lot more in Mementos in Royal than Vanilla (Using up all my SP on all my party members before leaving to be efficient) and so I though I was over leveled, but I noticed that on the assist menu that shows what others players did for the day, it shows average player level, and I’m only 3 levels higher than the average, which I’m assuming isn’t much. After Kaneshiros palace I had already reached like 800,000 cash, which is an absurd amount, and made it so I practically never had to worry about cash ever because it just keep getting so much. In Royal you have so much more options and abilities in combat, and so many powerful merchants and hang out spots. Off the top of my head, showtimes are free big damage to an opponent, Jose makes Sojiro useless since I can get SP restorative items from him instead (Plus Baton Pass gives SP as well, and enemies die so easily with Shock Guns+Technicals or just using melee attacks, than I never feel pressured to spam magic, making SP restorative items less important, making Sojiro even less important.) Technicals do absolutely insane damage, team members and their persona’s trait skills, incense to boost persona stats, jazz club to boost persona stats, Maruki and Kasumi have amazing 1-5 confidant perks, baton pass also heals, Takemi isn’t as important anymore because I kill enemies before they even have a turn so the never damage so I never need to heal mid fight (Plus SP adhesive is no longer a must have), will seeds give back some SP and give very good charms, social stats seem to go up easier, Velvet Room Alarms are just amazing but so powerful, overabundance of powerful items like Beads, revive with 100% health, etc., twins can give useful skills cards during their hangouts, battle trials in the Velvet Room can give good rewards, and probably more that I can’t think of right now. Most of these additions I think are great to the game, like Baton pass giving health and SP, showtimes, Velvet Rooms alarms, with only Jose selling SP restoring items the main big no no in my opinion, but it seems like enemies just aren’t high enough level and don’t have enough health to compete and balance things out, it’s like they added all of these new powerful things, but didn’t make the palaces and enemies stronger to balance things out, and I’m playing on the hardest difficulty. Even the place ruler forms so far haven’t been too bad. I’ve easily gone through all palaces in 1 (Ig 2 but ya know) day, and I’m honestly just disappointed at how easy this game is so far. Am I alone in thinking this or what, I would love to hear ppls thoughts on this, and please no spoilers for newly added Royal content after Futaba’s palace as I just finished her’s.