I feel that I have to post something. I feel so depressed, guilty and empty. On May 9th my cat had 5 kittens and they seemed to be healthy, though I knew for a fact that they were inbred, which can cause many problems. I checked a while later and one of the kittens had been smothered. The mother kept rolling on top of the other kittens and she wouldn't stay still enough for them to nurse so I ended up trying to hand feed the remaining 4. I tried feeding them every three hours ( I feel guilty for it not being more often) and I looked up a guide for the amount I should give them. I woke up through out the night and they seemed healthy when I woke up again in the morning, until I fed the smallest one. She only weighed 2.5 oz which I've heard is rather small. I tried feeding her but she kept making these weird cries and wouldn't latch. I tried squeezing some In her mouth and I feel so awful for this but she meowed and I saw a bit of milk bubble out her nose. I tried patting her back to help her get anything out of her lungs and she seemed fine, she was meowing loudly like usual. I put her back in her box after having her poop and picked up one of her siblings to feed. After I finished with that one I came back and the small one was breathing strange. I was worried and picked her up and she started wriggling around so I assumed she was just tired. I finished taking care of the others and I checked on her again and she wasn't moving. I picked her up and she was gasping for air. I tried doing CPR and she kept letting out gasps of air for about 30 minutes before she stopped breathing altogether. I'm sobbing at this point but I can hear the other three crying and o figure they must be hungry. I put her down and tried feeding the others which also seemed to have trouble eating though not as much. I feel like I rushed them, if they didn't eat very fast I would try to encourage them to eat a bit faster which I feel so awful for. I noticed the insides of their mouths were cold which I knew was bad so I put them next to this little heater and they seemed fine for a while. I tried feeding them before I was about to drive back to their mother's house to see how she would treat them as I was afraid I wouldn't be able to take care of them, but they wouldn't eat. Throughout all of this I had accidently caused one to fall about a a foot and a half off the ground twice which I hate myself for. I brought the formula with me and tried finding some sort of heating pad at the store for them before taking them to their mother. I put them in the box and they wouldn't latch to her. She kept laying on them so I took them out but I then realized a fuck up of mine. Their formula had sat out for 4 hours and I was worried that it would hurt them. I drove back to the store and bought more formula and tried feeding them but they barely ate. They did seem to gain a bit of energy back but by this point they had nothing to eat for 5 hours. They took a nap and then the little black one started crying and I picked her up to feed her but she was gasping for air as well. I checked the little gray one and she seemed fine, but the little tabby wasn't breathing. I tried CPR again but he wasn't coming back. The little black one was gasping and we called an emergency vet who told us to try putting sugar or syrup in them. The little black one ended up dying and the gray one started gasping after waking up. We gave her syrup and she stayed alive for about another hour, alternating between sleeping and gasping for air like the others. I kept checking her breathing to make sure she was alive until I checked for the last time and she had stopped. Her little heart was still beating and I tried reviving her, but nothing seemed to work. I feel like such a monster, like I killed them. I failed these poor little kitties. I can't stand myself. I hope they didn't suffer too much because of me. I hope they knew that I loved them. I'm so sorry little guys, I love you and miss you all.