My sweet kitty Sadie passed away on Sunday. She was only 6. I was out of town Friday from midday until late Saturday night. On Sunday morning I had someone scheduled to come service my AC. I went down to the basement to show him where the furnace was. I walked out into the main part of the basement then heard really loud meowing and he started saying something like hi kitty. I thought it was strange because my other cat who actually likes strangers was standing right next to me so I wondered what was going on because surely neither of my other cats would be greeting a stranger. As I moved closer I got a sinking feeling because I realized the meow sounded very desperate. Sadie was laying in a dark corner under the stairs. I reached my hand out for her to come to me but she didn’t move. I crawled under and picked her up to take her upstairs. I set her down in a cat bed and she just fell right down on her side. I knew it was bad and even had the gut feeling that she was dying. I frantically called my mom to come to my house to tend to the HVAC guy so I could take Sadie to the hospital. The hospital wasn’t letting people in due to Covid so I waited in my car for someone to get Sadie. It felt like a long wait but really it was only about ten minutes. Within five minutes the vet tech came back out asking if they could start IV fluids and pain meds. I said yes then not even ten seconds after she walked away the vet called. She said Sadie likely had a blood clot that blocked off the artery to her legs and paralyzed her. They said they could try to treat her if that’s what I want but that she’s in a lot of pain and likely wouldn’t recover. I knew I had to let her go. I asked if I could be with her and they said yes and sent someone out to bring me inside. The two minutes that I sat in my car sobbing alone while I waited for them to get me was definitely one of the saddest, loneliest moments of my life. When they brought me inside I spent about ten minutes with her, petting her and telling her I loved her. She laid really still and started to close her eyes to rest. I put my ear against her chest and could hear her purring. I hope she was at peace. Then the doctor came in and within a minute she was gone. I found her lying on the basement floor and in just an hour she was gone. I was in shock and could barely even think. I worry I should have asked the doctor more questions, should have asked if I was doing the right thing. I wish I would have held her one last time instead of just letting her lay on the exam table. The worst part is that it happened while I was out of town and she likely laid in the basement alone and scared for at least a day. Her whole bottom half was soaked from wetting herself while she laid helpless. It’s hard not to wonder if things would have turned out differently if I’d been there to find her sooner. How long did she lay there crying for me to help her? I know I gave her a good life and I’m trying to remind myself of that, but I can’t help but feel a lot of guilt too.