I had my dear friend from the summer of 2007 up until March 20th, 2019. He wandered up my drive way one summer. I decided to feed him and he came back, as cats do. He was always very friendly and super playful, though he could be a bit grumpy at times. I named him Cornelius. He wasn't allowed in the house but that didn't stop me from sneaking him into my room while my dad was at work and while my mom was at dialysis/drs appointments. I spent a lot of time outside as a kid, so that meant spending my afternoons after school with him in the backyard. I'd swim around on my pool floaties and he'd lay on the back deck in the sun occasionally coming by the poolside for a pet or two. Sometimes he would accompany me on short walks to the lake by my house or we would even just lay in the grass together. He was there for me through so much. When my mom died in 2010 I sat in the garden by the garage and cried. He came and sat with me, occasionally rubbing his head on my hands or legs. He was there through the hellish highschool days, through the depression, anxiety, the fights with my dad. I recall one particular memory that has always stuck with me. My mom was the only one against him being in the house, and since she was no longer with us, I decided he should be allowed inside. One day, probably around the age or 14 or 15, I decided I was going to commit suicide. I sat on my bed trying to take apart a razor so I could slit my wrists. As soon as I got the razor out and ready to use he came BOUNDING up the stairs making all kinds of noise. He jumped in my lap and gave me so much love, as if to say "Mommy no! I need you here." We cried together that night, and I fell asleep with him between my legs. Though cats can't talk, he always seemed to know what to say. One day last year I was making my way out of my car and he came running up the drive way, blood pouring out of his poor little mouth. I immediately packed him up and took him to the nearest vet. We found out he had a tumor under his tongue. It was pretty big at this point, big enough that it caused pain and would bleed. I asked the vet what my options were. She suggested we start some medication, including steroids and pain killers. I gave him his meds when he was scheduled for them. He started showing improvement! He was stronger and seemed to be doing pretty well. Unfortunately that didn't last long. He got to a point that he would try to eat but just couldn't chew because his tumor got so big. I called the vet and we both agreed that it was probably his time. We took him to the vet the next day. He was surrounded by people who loved him. He didn't fight us, he didn't cry, he didn't seem scared. I held his little foot and massaged his paws while they gave him the drugs he needed to go to sleep. Within a few minutes his little feet went limp and I knew he was gone. I sat in there with him for a few minutes by myself. I told him how much I loved him, and how brave he was, and how I could never repay him for all he had done for me over the years. I held his little body close to me and cherished those last few moments before we had to take him home for burial. I still smile when I think about him. He had the cutest little freckled nose, and his freckles ran down to his big pouty lower lip. He had the most beautiful pattern I had ever seen on a ginger cat. He was so swirly. I'm really sorry this is so long, super detailed, and probably a jumbled mess. I haven't spoken about him in a long time and sometimes it's just nice to vent. I miss that boy everyday.