I adopted my husky, Zeus, on December 28th, 2019 along with his brother. Everything was amazing until Saturday morning, April 18, 2020. He got diarrhea and started acting depressed and wasn't responsive. We try not to give him human food, and keep him (& his brother) on a strict dry puppy food only. He stopped eating and drinking. He would just walk nonstop around the house, along the wall, bumping into things. He would get stuck in tight places and then cry until someone got him out. It was weird because he never walked backwards or tried to find a way out. We tried to take him to the vet but because of COVID-19, most were closed and the ones that were open were full (I live in a small town). We decided to wait until the next day. We were woken up at 6am the next day from his whimpers. He was lying on the ground, flailing because he couldn't get up. He looked like he was in such pain. It was heartbreaking. We immediately took him to a pet hospital where they ran many scans on him. They couldn't figure out what was wrong with him. Medically, he was fine. The scans were saying that he was completely healthy, and they assured us that they thought he would recover. They decided to keep him staying the hospital overnight to run more tests, though. April 20, 2020, the doctor called us to come in. Zeus had died overnight. It was the worst, most painful news I had ever recieved. We never got to see him, they told us in the parking lot (bc of COVID-19). They never figured out what was wrong with him. He was only 6 months old. I don't know what to do. My family is known for being strong and tough. Crying or showing emotions is considered weak and is super frowned upon in my household. I'm going through all the motions of my normal routine, but I just feel numb. I can't feel anything until night when I'm lying in bed and the pain comes crashing down. I cry myself to sleep when no one is awake. I feel like I'm screaming inside for help but I'm forced to keep this cool, nonchalant exterior. What am I supposed to do? How do I deal with Zeus' death? If I don't know what caused his death, how I am supposed to prevent it from taking his brother too? How do I get rid of all this pain? i just want the pain to stop.