So last year I went to my school's homecoming with this girl I was really liked, it was one of the best nights of my life. A week later we started dating. It was the perfect relationship for me, a really cool person and the type of relationship that wasn't overly affectionate but the type where you both know you love each other, or so I thought. There was a kid that moved to my school at the beging of the year. Me and him were friends even though I got a werid vibe from him. We shared memes and smoked together. She had been fucking him our entire relationship. When I found out I didn't handle it well, by that I mean I tried to light myself on fire. It shot me into a hole of blackness and sadness. So fast forward a bit to a couple weeks ago and my friend showed me a Snapchat post from girlfriend fucker's story that said."Happy 2 years baby!" With a picture of him and his girlfriend, OH HELL NO. I went to his Instagram to try and find his girlfriend and sure enough she was tagged in one of his posts and her account was private but her bio had her Snapchat in it. I added her snap and after a few hours she added me back. I talked to her for a while and then told her what her bf did. Then she stopped responding, followed by a phone call from DirtyBastard69 (I forgot to block his phone number bc I'm a dumbass teenager who never actually uses a phone as a phone). The call went something like Him: " DUDE WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU TELL HER ABOUT THAT?" Me: "Why did you fuck my girlfriend?" Him: "You're such an asshole dude, she ficking left me because of you." Me:"GOOD you cheated on her." and finally he said "You should have died when that night you tried to kill yourself" before he hung up. I had a couple texts from his now ex and we decided to get revenge. He was in a program at school where every other day he would go to another school to work on a trade (that's where he met his ex bc she went there full time). She told me some private information about him (I'm not gonna say what it was as it had to do with something he had done to his ex that traumatized her) that we made public. I live in a small town and go to a small school, my graduating class is 48 people. So word spreads fast, within 2 days not a single person at either school would talk to him at all. He didn't have any friends at all and ended up dropping out of high school because of it. This cost him a scholarship from a nearby college and a promising future. He recently got arrested for possession of marijuana and he is fucked. I became good friends with his ex and him and my ex can burn in hell.