I, (16F), have a problem with my weight. I cannot lose weight easily and I gain it very fast. My father is a former professional cycling athlete and is obsessed with me and demands I lose weight by doing exercises etc. He also mocks me of my weight and thinks I'm fat and says that if I don't lose weight by the end of the year, I will look like a dump truck (which is untrue by the way). The problem here is that I am interested in music and videogame design and I hate doing any sorts of workout because I simply cannot stand it. Though, our mister professional athlete here has a dirty secret that if the family finds out about it, he will be humiliated and he will probably run into a cave because of how embarrassed he would be. He secretly wakes up at night eating whatever he can find into the cupboards, sweets, leftovers from the day before, chips, etc. Last year, I bought an action camera because I wanted to record the bullshit my friends and I did and I recently discovered that it has a night vision mode. Family dinner day was coming, so I started planning my revenge. One day before the gathering, I hid the camera really well and I was ensured that it would capture the whole kitchen because I did some tests for its place. The spot where the camera was is very well hidden. It was approx. 1:30 at night when he appeared. He ate a shit ton of food,and left like nothing happened. Fortunately enough for me, we do like a little video of what we did and some important moments that meant a lot to us (birthdays, celebrations, concerts,festivals etc.) so I was perfect. I cut and edited the video so it could last only like 30 seconds and I put it in the middle along w/ some concert videos and some birthday ones. So, the family gathering happened and i had a smile that reached my ears. After the dinner, it was time that we showed the videos to the family. My turn came and when the video of mister secret eater came on everyone froze. They froze because he was like "eat healthy, exercise and do stuff that is good for your body"and then my family burst out laughing. My father was livid but I was more than happy to do this and show him that I don't feel nice over what he says to me. He wouldn't speak to me for weeks.