I actually feel kinda bad about this one, but mainly for dude. So I was a junior I think and this girl I had been talking to/messing around with was in the grade below. Not going to lie I was pretty smitten. We were hanging out/messing around for a few months, but I was tired of being a side dude and was trying to level up my status, to no avail. So I just submitted to my side dude role b/c Ayy why not receive these various favors? Anyways life goes on. Now this is where the story takes a turn. I find out she’s was also talking to my brother behind both my back for a minute. Unbeknownst to either of us. Quite the fucked up situation. Needless to saying I was feeling some type of way about the ordeal as was my brother. So we hatched a little scheme. Now I know this is kinda fucked up to do to someone, but I wasn’t in the right mind and I was pretty hurt by this information. So anyways I told her that I’m coming to pick her up for some food or some shit like that. My brother was actually friends with the dude she was dating. Kinda fucked up on his part, but nonetheless, he had dudes number. So I go to pick her up, my brother hiding in the backseat not to be seen, and once I leave the driveway my brother pops out of the backseat. She is very surprised by this. Then I tell her we’re going to call her boyfriend and tell him what’s been going on. She starts crying profusely and nonstop begging me to stop. But I was a man on a mission, so I called him with her in the car and described some of the actives that had been going on right in front of her. He took it surprisingly well for some reason, but she did not. After the call I dropped her back off, still crying with hatred in her eyes, and went back home. It felt pretty good at the time, now it just feels kinda douchey. However, I was younger and not as sentient and pretty hurt myself. So I did what I did and didn’t look back. That’s my fucked up tale of revenge. Wish I had a moral of the story for this, but it was pretty much a shit show all around.