I can't believed they blocked the virtual card . _   . I know all people are going to upgrade their paymaya accounts BUT holy hell! Upgrading a paymaya account was super hard for me i don't know why but i tried upgrading my paymaya account and it always decline or the address not matched on the ID. Let me get this straight. I have a passport ID with no address. Only birth, religion, name, and others but when i finally putting everything and finished i thought that my paymaya going to be upgraded but i waited like 2 days and STILL the address not matched on the ID it's because there's no address. I maybe completely wrong here but im only 16 years old trying to upgrade my account but i tried 2 times and i tried everything but still haven't receive an update. My mom got mad due to many attempts for putting information and details for paymaya upgrade. If i upgrade my account today it would be a disaster i have to get my moms parent id which is very mad at me, i have my birth certificate which is fine, and this parent consent template or something WHICH this is the most hardest thing I've ever tried. I think you going to print the template? Well in my house we don't have a printer so i have an idea that i download the template from my phone and edit it. So it would work. The face instructions are easy and yeah after all of that it's done and i have to wait. But still i haven't receive an update so I'll contact the paymaya support again and yeah they won't respond. Now for all the people who are below 16 like me they kinda stuck in this situation like me unless they have help from their parents. But what about me? Well my parents doesn't really interested at paymaya AT ALL they won't help me but to ask permissions to borrow my mom's id. This is just madness and i REALLY going to purchase something  online it's really important and i loaded 270 pesos accidently not knowing that the virtual card was blocked can they atleast make an announcement for this? and yeah im out of words and i hope this virtual card unblocked so i can purchase now. Pls help me ;-;