I’m too calm about my life. It’s easy to be calm, it’s easy to imagine everything is under control. There are certain ideas I was raised with-- which my life has been built around. I think people are afraid to confront these types of ideas because they are afraid those ideas are wrong, and if they were wrong they would be killing part of themselves or their idea of the world or their sense of control. Even if those ideas are right, I wouldn’t know because I never fully struggled with them. For a long time I have avoided this sort of confrontation. In other words I was in self denial or living with my eyes closed. It’s easy to assume that the world is meaningless and blank when your eyes are closed and aren't willing to change, it’s easy to be a nihilist. It’s like you are blocking yourself without even knowing. I think people tend to give up on this struggle. The world seems impossibly chaotic. Rather than constantly considering this chaos and reforming or retesting our views of the world/self, some people chose to give up by settling with a wrong answer and ignoring the things that disprove it. We escape by denying that this chaos exists. We decide what the meaning of life is all the time-- running with whatever makes us feel good or satisfied until it gets old and we find something else. Or we attribute control to the chaos, believing that it really isn’t chaos at all. We can attribute control to ourselves (ie big ego), to a significant other, or to something more abstract like religion. The strange thing about religion is that most of the time it talks about exactly what I am saying. Even though most religious texts, at their core, are meant to be an open ended philosophy to be tested, organized religion makes them into rule books (ie if you do this and that exactly how the priest tells you, things will go how you want). Maybe life is about never settling for one view or another. Could there possibly be a view of the world that explains away the chaos and unknown? I think it is delusional to say there is. Life is more than about getting by or sticking to what works. Becoming a better person should be about constantly engaging with the chaos or confusion or struggle or discomfort. When I was a kid, imagining myself as an adult, I assumed there would be a profound shift in who I was. That sense of child-like possibility and wonder is something I want to recapture into my life. I’m sick of living aimlessly.