Hi everyone, fair warning, this is going to be long. I'm at the end of my second year of college and taking my first college physics course. I'm a physics major, and I'm probably failing the class ( I don't know my grade because the professor doesn't use canvas, she just submits the final grades at the end of the semester). I'm set to transfer to a 4 year next year and have 2 more physics classes to finish. I'm supposed to finish the last 2 classes in the upcoming fall and spring semester, but that might not happen. I have a pretty low GPA for a physics major due to the fact that I've some pretty tough family issues going on the last two years. My physics final is on Monday 5/18/2020 and the community college has extended the Extenuating Drop date to 5/26/2020. I'm not sure if i'm going to pass the class, so I have 3 options. Option 1: Take the final, and hope that I finish the class with a C and move on to the next classes and continue with my life. Option 2: Take the final, if I don't pass with a C, then drop the class, and try to challenge the class instead of retaking it and hopefully I get an A, then continue with my life. Option 3: Drop the class, and retake it next semester and apply for schools, and hope they accept a physics major with a low GPA and who wont even finish the physics sequence by the time I transfer. Now, I was doing well in the class until this whole pandemic stuff happened and forced me home. I am pretty confident that my professor doesn't actually know what she's doing, I say this because on the last exam I scored pretty low. So, I asked a friend how they did one of the problems, and they worked it out the exact same way I did, and got the same answer I did, but they got full credit for it and I didn't for some reason. The other physics professors at the school all say she doesn't know what she's doing and I'm starting to see the pattern. I feel like I haven't learned anything this entire semester, and feel like taking the class again with another professor might not be a bad idea. The only thing stopping me from doing so is my transfer date. Any advice would be GREATLY appreciated!