Does anyone have one ear that is just. Stubborn?? Ok maybe it's my fault because I started stretching my ears at 18 and didn't heed warning by other people. I started my ear stretching journey about a couple months after I turned 18. I used to wear those 16g "faux taper" earrings from like, Rue 21. I was fascinated by ear stretching. I had my tongue pierced already and that was the start of my body mods fascination. I saved my allowance for a chance to order my stretching kit. So, with that, I ordered my kit and happily waited for it to arrive. Next few days, I got my kit and jojoba oil in the mail and I started to stretch. I was at 12g bc I used my faux taper a few weeks before to lightly stretch my ears to a 14g and put my belly button rings in to hold the size. (The faux taper was a 10g I believe. I used that coconut hair oil as lubricant. Obviously I didn't shove it all the way in. Just until I felt it start to stop wanting to stretch.) So, fast forward to a few months later. My left ear (difficult ear) is having some issues with wanting to stretch. But my right ear is just fine. It would get itchy and crust up. So, I'd have to take it out and size down. Fast forward to now. (Im 19 now about to be 20 in a few months) my left ear is blown out a little. But my other ear is totally fine!!! It's at a 19mm and my left one is at 16mm. I've done everything to try to reverse it. Being sent to the hospital frequently for other issues, I'm forced to remove my tunnels as a safety precaution. And they usually shrink to about 00g. (I'm in the hospital for about 4-5 days) I was a stupid kid during the beginning of my journey. I used to be really meticulous about jotting down when I'm able to size up on my calendar. Then I just started challenging myself to see if I could stretch up sooner than it says I could. That was my mistake. My ears would be sore but bearable... Except my left ear... That one would hurt the most. I started getting paranoid about the fact I was pierced at Walmart with a gun when I was a kid and that's why my ears were being difficult. But it wasn't the case obviously since I got this far. So, my left ear now just crusts up in the back and it's "leaky". Like, behind my ear feels wet. And sometimes there's dry peeling skin behind it. It's weird. What's going on?! How do I fix it? I don't want to get surgery to repair it!! It doesn't look like a cat butt (thank God) it's just...ugly. it literally looks like when you stab a piece of paper with a blunt pencil and the paper folds out on the other side of the hole. Like, whenever I take out my tunnel to clean it, it kinda stinks. And it's crusted up on the "folded out" skin. Like, a ring of dry skin. It's gross. Whenever I do my lobe conditioning with the oil, the dry skin starts to dislodge and comes off on my fingers. It's weird. Do I need to see a piercer about this or is there a solution? (Besides leaving it be)