I’ve been having a really hard time lately you know? Like, I wake up in the morning and I don’t like the fact that I’m still me. I look at myself and it makes me sad. My eyes are dull and lifeless, reflecting exactly how I feel inside. I go through waves. Some days I’m on top of the world and I think I can do anything, but most days are like this. Hard. It’s like there’s a layer of static separating me from the world. I’m not really there, it’s distant. But in my head I can’t get any rest. It’s never quiet. It’s always moving. It’s what I’d imagine Time Square to be like, but not in a good way. I don’t know. I don’t think anyone gets it. But maybe that’s my problem, maybe I think I’m so isolated that I become isolated. I don’t know. I just feel like a different person. I don’t know how this makes sense but when I was depressed at least I felt alive. I didn’t care what people thought of me because I didn’t care if I lived to see the next day, so I didn’t hold back. Now I’m this tangled, intertwining, neverending mess of worry and anxiety and fear and doubt. I want to live now but I’m scared to live. I have such a standard of how I want things to go that I’m terrified of them going any other way. I cripple myself with thoughts of what happened, what could happen, what are they thinking, what should I think, do, wear, say, be, and it makes my head feel like it’s going to explode. I just don’t want to care. I care way too fucking much. About everything. And I hate it. I feel like my body is this foreign ship and everyday I’m floating along this never ending ocean, waiting to reach this beautiful island, but it never comes. And I should be getting closer but each day it just feels farther and farther away. I don’t even know if any of this makes sense. And that’s what I mean, I know it makes sense but I still think it doesn’t. I’m killing my mind, that’s what it feels like. Like I’m just slowly fading away day by day and soon there will be nothing left. And now that I’m “better” I can never be sad. I can never lay in bed all day. I can never cry. I can’t yell, I can’t drink. I need to feel something. But the only way I know how makes me hate myself. At least when I wanted to die I knew who I was. Now I feel like a stranger in my own head. How does that even work? How do I fix this? I think I need to go away. I think about that often. I just want to fucking leave this pace and maybe then I’ll find myself. But I never do. I don’t know. I never know.