In my personal opinion, and I feel that most intelligent people would agree, Hypebeast culture is for narcissistic, insecure douche bags, that care what other people think of them, and they feel the need to prove that they’re better than other people. I was born in Antioch California, and I moved to Georgia for 8 years, then moved back to California, to Moreno Valley. When Started to go middle school through High School, I didn’t understand this crap. I’m currently in college now, but when I started school out here, I got picked on for a lots of reason. It was Hairstyle, my appearance, the way I dressed, or how I was. I wasn’t the coolest kid in high school, matter in fact I was weird and very nice with people, but at home I was kinda a different person. But one of the things that I didn’t really understand about these people, was about the way you dressed. I mean I dressed normal , and not very good sometimes, and I’m not against fashion. I would like to wear nice clothes, but that wasn’t even the case. When moved back to California, it’s was like I met a new species of human beings, I was blown away by how brainless, and unoriginal these people were. But what can I say, the town I moved to is basically a wanna be ghetto. When I was younger I thought the whole hood thing was a myth, I never payed attention to that stuff as a kid, I thought life was simple. But when my family moved back to California, everything seemed cool at first, for like the first few months, then I realized that it’s horrible here. I started to feel ashamed for what type of person I was, so I wasn’t very sociable, I stay in room all the time and sleep, and I’m still going through a depression. But I’m getting carried away. When I went to school out here dressed the way I was, I always had to hear about the way I was Dressed. It was mostly about shoes, but I would see these dumbasses wearing some of the most ghettoest clothing I seen, and they would talk shit about me for not looking stupid ass hell. They would brag about jewelry, clothing, and shoes that they had on. Then someone said I had fake polos on, and I had no Idea what the hell that meant, I didn’t know buying regular clothes for a regular price is fake. Then when I was a junior in high school, I accidentally forgot to take off Ross tag of my clothes, and my teacher pointed it out, and these kids sitting next to me said, "you get your clothes from Ross" and then started laughing at me, that didn’t offend by any stretch, but I was I like, who cares. When I was middle school, I thought It was just the way the people act in my town, but then I started to realize that every young trendy people brag about this shit all over the world and like to post this shit around social media , and it made feel pathetic when I was younger in middle school, but soon as started to grow up, I realized that I’m not the only one that think this bullshit was ridiculous, and I think that  being your own person is cooler than being a follower. This whole Hypebeast culture  just shows how pathetic our human race is as a species, I mean if you think that paying for really expensive clothing is going to make you better person, it just shows your that you’re just an insecure dumbass. And what make else makes me feel like the human species is screwed, is that people look up to celebrities with lots of money for literally no reason, and these shitty expensive clothing brands. And I’m not against the whole clothing thing, I think it’s cool, if it’s for a normal price, and if it’s not some stupid shit, that cost $4,000 just for a lame ass shirt. I feel if Gucci, Supreme, or Louis Vuitton is personal shop or represent you as a person, then you’re just a waste of life. And I know people love to collect things like shoes, jerseys, or anything, I that’s cool that you’re willing to spend on expensive things just to collect. But if you’re just buying it just because you feel better than other middle class people, or if you’re trying to prove a point, than your just a pathetic mentally ill human being.