Hello all! Today I went in at 33w5d for a NST and while hooked up to the machine my doctor noticed I was having contractions. She asked, “you don’t feel those??” I said nope! She said she was going to send me next door to the hospital to be checked on just to be on the safe side, but decided to do an exam beforehand. She checks my service and says, “oh wow! You’re about 3 cm dilated and I can see your membranes!” So she calls the hospital to fill them in on what’s going on and to let them know I’m on my way. I drive myself over, (seriously feel 100% fine and normal) and get checked into a room and get all the info at once. Baby is a great gestational age to survive and completely make it on his own, they’re going to give me magnesium to stop contractions and a steroid shot to make the baby’s lungs stronger. My obgyn comes, my MFM comes by, I meet the baby doctor who will tend to my baby as soon as he’s born in the NICU. Lots of overwhelming info at once, but I feel completely reassured and confident at this point. They said our short term goal is to have me stay pregnant for 24 more hours so I can get a 2nd steroid shot for the baby, but should I deliver sooner, it’s no big deal. Ideally, staying pregnant for as long as I possibly can will be better, and I will stay in the hospital until then. As far as all the covid 19 business, the hospital is being extremely strict and screening everyone who comes in, myself included. And bummer, but only one person is allowed to be even on this floor with me. My mom came and stayed with me while my husband drove in 4 hours from Dallas, and when he got here, my mom had to go down to the lobby to check out before he could even check in. My original plan was to have them both with me, but I completely understand due to everything going on. Also, despite the fact that all nurses are basically being forced to work longer hours, everyone that has been in with me has been a complete joy, and I feel so lucky and grateful to be in their care ☺️ good luck mama’s. Hopefully I’ll have a positive update soon! ❤️