I dont know what to do about my baby shower... I kind of gave the reigns to my MIL because she has not had babies in her family in a long time and never got to have her own baby shower. She basically begged to be involved, and in a good mood I said sure. She also convinced me to let her handle a lot of it because she said that if I did my own, I would look greedy and nobody would go. Well now, I really regret it. The date is a month away and I have ideas for sure, but she hasn't come up with much. I just want a potluck with games and little prizes with a diaper raffle at the end. I have a registry ready to go and want a simple get together to celebrate the baby. However, she says she wants to plan it over lunch with my grandmother (we are using her home) in a week. I want to do a diaper raffle, MIL wants to do a book raffle instead. It's cute, but I dont think both is nice, as I'd rather get diapers. MIL wants to have us all pay to cater, I want a more casual potluck style approach. She wants to go all out on a Dr. Seus Theme, and I'm not crazy about it. I'm trying to save money for the things we need. So far it's a frustrating cluster. I'm not well off right now, and I really need things off my registry, not little books and tacky decorations. I'm frustrated! I want to take back my shower already, but she has only been in charge for like, 2 days. If I tell her never mind, she will make it a big deal. She has been super tense lately and my dumb ass thought this would relieve tension and be one less thing. Also, most of the people who want to go are people who I never talk to or see. I'm grateful that people are interested, it's just it already feels like it's going to be lame. I can see it being an uncomfortable and uncoordinated shitshow and I'm dreading it. Should I just chill out? My mother in law means well, she is just sooooo different from me and puts importance on things i think dont matter. Like buying HERSELF a nursery for HER house instead of helping us buy diapers and necesities. We dont even have a crib yet. I dont know how to make this less stressful. She has also in an accidental kind of way made me feel like a crap mom because as soon as she found out we were pregnant (around Christmas time) she went out and bought a bunch of his firsts before I was able to. She got his first outfit. His first teddy. His first ornament. His first book. It was discouraging because I cant even afford to buy all the necessities right now, so I really dont have the money for things like cute outfits and toys. I want my boy to have sweet first things from his mommy, too. I dont know. I needed to vent about it. If you're still reading, what advice do you have for me?