I’m 22 . My boyfriend and I have a great relationship . We love eachother so much and we’ve known eachother for 2 years .. started seriously dating a couple months ago . We are close and like I said , have known Eachother for years and that is not a problem . However we both don’t have jobs due to covid and I just had my period on April fools actually lol . I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with him before this . I would be beyond happy to carry his child .. just very scared, nervous, in a tough spot etc. this was not planned . I took two line tests yesterday morning and it was a very faint line that showed up for positive results so I thought maybe i was safe . Then went to a friends birthday get together and had a good time with my boyfriend . Then today I took a digital test and it said “pregnant” I instantly freaked out and got nauseous ! I felt so so scared but yet excited . I have one test left so I will take that tomorrow to make sure It’s true then I plan on telling my boyfriend . I didn’t want to make him lose sleep today especially if it is a false alarm . So I live by myself in a studio and he lives with his parents . We planned on moving together eventually but may be sooner than later . I’m so nervous . I told my mom and she was kind of upset .. as we are in a financial hard spot . She said “you were my good child” . My sister has 3 kids . Her first she was pregnant at 18 years old . She was going on about how this isn’t cool and that’s really bad timing . I don’t think it was responsible to have unsafe sex by any means but now I can’t change that . Birth control hormones mess my sensitive brain up so I decided to look for another option . I found out an iud could work but I don’t have the means to get the procedure . I’m so nervous to tell him .. he’s my world and I care so much for him . I’m a bit sad our time together with just me and him is cut short but I am grateful for the new life growing inside me . So here we are . Any advice is much appreciated .