My boyfriend and I had been trying to get pregnant since February, and I finally got a positive pregnancy test in November. Initially, I was very excited. That was what we both wanted and we couldn't have been more elated. Before we ever found out I was pregnant we knew we had to get a different house. Ours is one bedroom that is, to put it mildly, falling apart. There is literal wildlife coming into the house, the floor is falling in, the ceiling leaks right next to the bed, the driveway is a mud slide. So many things are wrong with it. We were going to stay there until we found out I was pregnant (to save money) and then move somewhere else. Within the course of seven months, everything has completely changed. He doesn't want to move. I found houses and we went and looked at them and he has a problem with every single one. Stupid problems like he doesn't like what cars the neighbors drive or he doesn't like the shape of the yard. He finally broke down and told me he doesn't want to move because he's lived in that neighborhood his whole life and he's comfortable there. He doesn't see the problem with the house at all. He keeps telling me that the bugs coming in is just because "It's that time of year." The floor and the ceiling are because "It's just an old house." The driveway is "The best driveway in the neighborhood." I have finally given up on that and asked him if we can start buying essential baby things. He told me, "We don't need to buy anything until probably mid-July, let's just wait." He is due July 29th. I'm getting increasingly discouraged about everything. I finally decided that I would just be better off moving out with my son (because I don't want bugs crawling on him or it raining on him while he is asleep) but here's the catch.. when I got pregnant I had to switch jobs (I still work for the same company) because the job I had was very physically hands on (lifting/moving 150-300 pounds every single day). I was working about 60 hours a week so financially, I was doing very well. Since I switched positions, I now only work 40 hours a week, which was a huge pay cut. I could still afford to get a place but money would be very tight, which is fine. Within the past few days, my hours have gotten cut even more (to 30 a week). They told me it was due to covid-19, but the industry I work in has not been affected at all. They're really just trying to save money anywhere they can. Due to my hours getting cut again, I cannot afford to live anywhere else. I really can only afford to pay my monthly bills with maybe $60 left over every month. I don't know what to do. I'm freaking out because I'm about to have a baby in two months and everything is falling apart. I can't take my old position back even after I have my baby because it was given to someone else (technically not illegal because I didn't go on leave, I just switched positions). I have applied for food stamps, WIC, partial unemployment, everything I can find that would help and they're all getting denied for various reasons. I've applied for other jobs so I can work nights and weekends, but no one is going to hire a girl that is seven months pregnant (and I don't blame them). I have applied to drive for Uber, but my background check has been pending for over a month. I contacted them to see what the hold up is and they keep telling me it's in the final stages of getting approved. I need advice on how to make money to support myself and my child until at least September, when I can go back to work and get a full time job again. I have no idea what to do and I'm panicking. Does anyone have any clue as to how to earn money for a temporary amount of time (or permanent, it doesn't matter). Any little thing will help.