Low cGPA and Low sGPA as a 3rd year, is it too late for me?   Just transferred to a new, and much more difficult school. I finished the semester with a 2.57 GPA and this was my fifth semester. I am looking for advice on everything I should do to make it into medical school; it's everything I've ever wanted. I am willing to do anything, as long as it takes to get there.   Here is a breakdown of my academic career so far, and why I did so poorly each semester.  First semester: I did okay... 3.34 GPA as a nursing major.   Second semester: Realized I hated my major and didn't know what I wanted to do with my future... 2.98 GPA  Third semester: Accepted I wanted to practice medicine and that I should go for it even though I never thought I could do it. Changed to Biochemistry major, but was forced to move back home into a very, *very*, toxic household. Had to start working 24h every weekend to get a car and car needs for my new commute. 2.87 GPA. Got C+ in Gen Chem I , a C- in Gen Bio I, and an A- in Calc I  Fourth semester: My grandmother had a stroke, and two of my very close friends from my childhood passed away, and I had to start working 35h a week. Finished off with a 2.76 GPA. C+ Gen Bio II, a C in Gen Chem II, and a C in Calc II.  Transferred schools to be close to home, so I wouldn't have to work as much to pay for gas, etc.   Fifth semester: Parents decided now was the time to confess both of their affairs, switching in between splitting up and staying together every week, sticking me in the middle because they don't speak English and need help with legal things. My aunt and uncle immigrated from our country, and I am stuck with watching their 4yo every night and all day on Friday's. One of my closest friends was killed in November, not to mention the immense stress of starting at a new school in my third year. Ended with a 2.57 GPA... C+ in Gen Bio I and a C in Gen Biochemistry.  I know these all seem dramatic and like excuses, but life has been ridiculously difficult and distracting for my entire undergrad so far. I feel very lost, as being doctor is my dream and I'm willing to do anything to get there. One of my main problems was feeling anxious and distracted in my toxic household, so I've decided my only solution was to spend my days on campus instead of going home right after class. But I'm sure I need to do more to salvage myself.  Please help me, as I am grateful for any advice anyone could give me. Please don't tell me to give up and move on, because I am not going to.