My life is literally one big struggle(too many reasons to get into, and mostly financial). In the past when I tried to enroll in colleges I couldn’t do so because of my age and fafsa asks for my parents tax information and they NEVER had it. Me being determined to make it happen I just decided to start at a CC taking a couple classes at a time and just pay for it myself until I could get financial aid and then would transfer to a university. I mean to me getting some pre-reqs out of the way is better than just waiting until I didn’t need my parents info for fafsa. It was going well, but of course financial problems struck. Literally every stupid thing I did when I was careless and young has came back to bite me and I’m LITERALLY paying for it. Now I can’t go back to school because I can’t enroll until I pay my remaining balance which honestly isn’t extremely crazy but I just can’t afford the amount right now. I’m only a freshman, I’ve only taken 4 pre-reqs, and I just feel like I’m getting nowhere. I’ve yet to shadow doctors, volunteer, gain clinical experience, or do anything of the other requirements for med school. My car also got repo’d which would make it difficult to even get to places to get all of the hours/volunteering and stuff that I need. Also since this whole stupid covid thing happened I was one of the people who couldn’t work one of my two jobs. I had to get two jobs in the first place to get me out of this hole I’m in. The job that I’m still able to work at is not enough to get me out of all of my expensive financial problems. Or even save up for a car. I see all my friends getting all of their pre-reqs done, some are already applying to med school, and some are already in. I also see my other friends who are already working in their healthcare related field, and I just really want to be there already. I’m well aware that the career path I’ve chosen definitely doesn’t happen overnight. I know my life won’t always be one big struggle but it’s frustrating. They say becoming a doctor is a marathon, and not a race(I think that’s how the saying goes😂), but I feel like I can’t even get passed the start line!!!!!