I have had pretty decent semesters and I have done pretty well. I am a mostly A student, However, last semester didn't go so well and neither is this one. Now I am not failing any of my classes or anything like that I just don't have all A's which is really starting to bother me as the semester is starting to come to a close. In lieu of everything, I am most worried about my general chemistry grade. I have a C- but about like 4 away from a C and no doubt I can pull it up to that or even a C+. I just did awful on my exam because the refrigerator broke and my sister and mom were hitting and screaming at each other in the background. I do not have a good relationship with my parents. At all. In fact, I had all but cut off from them and the last time I came home was because my dorm closed and I went back for Christmas. When my mom threw a pan at me I left and spent the rest of the time camping out in my car and the science center at the university. Every break I have I work to study abroad or do a volunteer travel event that takes up close to the entire break and I don't take summers off. My parents don't pay for my college or anything else for that matter but I do rent a car from them in which they can take away from me at any point. I got approved to stay on campus during COVID-19 but I am still at my parent's house right now. Because my Portugal study abroad trip got canceled I had no excuse but to go on a trip with them to my aunt's house which lasted for around three days. It wasn't too bad because my dad and brother didn't end up going and they are the ones to always start fights with anyone and everyone. After we got back I tried to go back to campus but my mother said I should wait till Monday in case the dorms closed. I told her that I was going back to which she threatened to harm herself if I did so I stayed because it wasn't that long anyways. Then online school started and I was allowed to stay on campus for those reasons but whenever I try and leave she does the same thing and one time it escalated to physical violence. It's hard because my family members don't respect my school work and I don't think they realize how time-consuming being pre-med can be with all the volunteering and studying for classes as well as the GAMSAT and the MCAT and shadowing and I also work to help pay for school. When I'm taking an exam with Protorio that was assigned at a certain time I can't get up and take a twenty-minute "break" to help clean up the dishes or take out the trash or whatever else and I have explained this to them over and over and over again and I think they understand but then proceed to bang on the door while I'm taking an exam at a time I reminded them I would be and even put a sign up on my door to "get my lazy ass out here and help around the house for a change." It is also almost impossible to study especially for chemistry because my siblings have set up one of their gaming systems in the next room to the one I am staying in for now and they are so loud because they really have nothing better to do and also my father has gotten laid off so he and my mom are around each other all the time and have fought almost non-stop. It also doesn't help my father feels the need to have the TV at full volume and has extremely loud phone conversations and I can clearly make out what it is saying late into the night up until 12 am. My sleep schedule has been weird because the only times I can study is when everyone is asleep which is between the hours or 12 am - 7 am. The room I am staying in is messy and disorganized and really distracting with all the clutter but I can't go anywhere else. My mom is on edge most of the time and things go from zero to hundred in a matter of seconds. My sister picked the lock on the door to get earrings out of the room while I was in the middle of a skype call with my research group, my brother has gotten into my car and proceeded to scratch my safety goggles for lab and also threw my work uniforms on the dirty garage floor in order to "clean my car for me" so when I got mad about these two things I looked like a complete jerk. My grades have been slipping and I was already getting my butt kicked in chemistry before all this happened and I feel less motivated to study because the atmosphere here is awful. The internet disconnects all the time too. I have shown them the work I am doing but they keep acting and saying things that imply that I am just "sitting on my ass all day and watching social media" which isn't even close to the truth. Some of my textbooks are still in my dorm too and I have been unable to go get them as well as my notebooks for all except chemistry because I study for chemistry everywhere as well as my instrument and the deadline to try out for marching band has been moved to even early this year and I haven't been able to sit down and practice the music once since my instrument is still at school. I had a good 2019 summer semester (4.0 gpa), a not so great 2019 fall semester and a better but still not good enough spring 2020 semester. One bad semester happens but two bad semesters in a row is a recipe for disaster in the medical school process. Now I will take the blame for a bad fall semester as I gave up on life towards the end. That was my fault and no one elses. But for this what am I supposed to say? "I couldn't handle family drama during the COVID-19 crisis but please let me into your medical school." because if I can't handle this little thing than how am I going to be able to handle real-world medical problems in med school and beyond. I just don't know what to do.