I read the post title in a book recently and thought it was a good summary of the current situation. Like many of us I am working at home just now, which I share with my partner. Doing our best to make it work, but our flat just isn’t physically set up for two people to work easily at home at the same time, so everything is taking me twice as long as normal. Admin staff are in the same situation obviously so also taking longer to do things. Since I work in a vaguely COVID related field we are receiving constant requests to very quickly turnaround research requests, but of course whilst still going through the usual admin procedures. Students are struggling with technology, even although if you had to bet money on which students from the university should be the most able to cope with online teaching it would be our department. Tremors of nerves about the future of the institution and promotions are also running through the staff, especially the more junior ones. Since I recently received a large grant everyone remotely connected to the project, or who once walked past my office door when I was writing the bid, are now loudly commenting on social media (with the university tagged in naturally) and in emails with senior management copied in about how much they are looking forward to starting ‘their’ project. I have as of yet resisted the urge to reply to all to these people to ask if they can actually specify what the project acronym stands for, but my resolve is crumbling. Plus according to a FB group set up by staff in the department anyone who doesn’t have children, like ourselves, should not even be speaking about challenges caused by the virus... not that I’ve posted anything in the group, I doubt there exists a bargepole long enough for me want to touch any topic relating to personal circumstances in a work related social media group. Also this is meant to be my week off, the reality of which is that people still ask me to do things anyway on the basis that I ‘can’t be that busy right now’ and then have got all pissy when I have refused. I know that things will get back to normal eventually and that the shrillness and hysteria will reduce to normal background levels for academia, but bloody hell I didn’t think I’d miss my freezing office and ancient office PC quite as quickly as this.