So in final year of university we had a group assignment in groups of 4 but there was the option to do it individually. It was random members so we had no choice who we needed up with. I was lucky I had two hard workers along with me so I chose to stay in a group. Unfortunately the 4th member was downright lazy and when she did do work, it was completely half assed so we’d have to redo it. Anyway, the assignment was split into a practical (20%), presentation (15%), logbook (15%) and report (50%). She showed up, took notes and acted like a model student. When it came to sorting out the presentation no one could get in contact with her so the three of us did it all. On the day, the lecturer told us he’d received her email about her being ill but it was fine as the majority were still presenting. We knew she wasn’t ill as she had been clubbing on her story two nights in a row. It was annoying that she was getting away with doing nothing but we let it slide because we still had the 15,000 word report to do. Considering she hadn’t showed, she was given tasks that would equate to 5,000 words and we split the remaining 10,000 between us three. Everything seemed like it would be fine until 2 days before the deadline, she asked me to send her the presentation so she could have some of the information. It wasn’t part of her tasks so I asked why she needed it. She told me she was paying someone to do her part of the report and needed an understanding of what was going on. I told her I’d discuss it with the group because we didn’t want to get involved in something like this which was basically illegal and it would affect our grades, potentially get us suspended. After that she immediately comes onto the groupchat and says she is leaving the group as she really needs a high grade to pass the year and she doesn’t think she’d get it with us. She left us high and dry and we had to work extremely hard to try and finish, not to mention do her part of a computer flow analysis which took quite a while  We knew we weren’t going to be able so we tried to ask for an extension. Our lecturer told us we were putting in a request too late and that the member who had left already put in a request because we were ‘apparently’ leaving her out so she was struggling to do everything herself. Ultimately he said no extension. It was at this point I hit the roof and sent him screenshots of everything showing how she was paying someone and how we tried to message her multiple times for the presentation. He granted the extension and said he would sort it out. A day later I get a furious message from the ex member saying how she had to attend a meeting and how we had no right to do that and fuck up her grade. I ignored it and 3 months later, didn’t see her at graduation. I found out that she had been lucky enough to get a small sentence because she had been ‘ill’ so had to redo the whole year instead of getting expelled