So in 4th grade I went to a new school and was an extremely socially awkward kid. Probably smelled bad and just couldn't adjust to going from a private school designed for people like me too full blown public school. I did some cringy stuff. I then proceeded to get bullied by someone well call Greg for privacy reasons. To be fair to Greg in hindsight some of it was deserved as he called me out for being a snitch when in charge of the bathrooms but other stuff when I got upset about not doing well ran in my face and made fun of me for throwing a temper tantrum. I broke down crying at home that year and my mom had to call the principal and have them be told to lay off. Not how I should've handled it but the juicy revenge was next year. Not 5th grade I became more likable and somewhat had my shit together though still extremely personally awkward. I actually even made amends and while I wasn't popular I wasn't really bullied anymore, just was kinda everyone's socially awkward acquaintance. Still did some cringy shit like get mad for no reason but that's life sometimes. So when we went to this overnight field trip and we all had to go to this camp. I was put with my friend and the other outcasts and we were paired with including Greg as no one really liked him. So we have a somewhat good time and I get along a bit with him but I think I just ended up being the guy he disliked the least and even in play wrestling I wrestled him to the ground and made him tap out. He then kinda pointed out he had a crush on the same girl I had a crush on and he then pretended to hump her while we went to sleep as a joke. He then complained enough that he moved cabins so that night I joked that we should tell the girl (well call her lisa) that he was pretending to hump her. One of the kids Derek is the name well go with then actually did it and everyone found out as she had a public freakout. Then he hated everyone except me as I ended up playing the middle man in the whole thing. Even though I started the whole thing. While it wasn't my plan it was the best sweet revenge I ever got.