through out the span of 8 years ive been to multiple ER's. ive seen 6 urologist. at the begining i didnt know what i had. it was left untreated for 5 years because no doctor could diagnose my problem. i needed 2 catheters in me on different occasions. one doctor told me i had urinary retention. one doctor told me i had  chlamydia that's why i couldn't urinate. one urologist told me i'm making these symptoms up in my head. until finally one urologist in 2017 found that i had prostatitis. i had bacteria and that was causing me pain and discomfort and thats why i couldn't urinate because the glance was inflated. he gave me antibiotics. it started working at the beginning but then the symptoms came back. the doctor provided muscle relaxers. they didnt work. i was on muscle relaxers for two years and didnt work. i was struggling to go on with my day and life because the pain was unbearable. its scary because one day i could wake up and not be able to urinate again. when i couldn't urniate the first time the doctor didnt treat it. it went and came suddenly on its own. so that was never treated by the urologist. that's what concerns me. i was in my early 20's when this was happening. what 20 year old has a catheter?? its not uncommon but its rare. im not 50. i shouldn't have had one. im 30 now and still dealing with this. back to my story. so the urologist thought the infection went away because i had no pain. but a week later after he took me off antibiotics it returned. not only that but when my prostatitis returns my constipation returns. i decided to see a gastroenterology. i thought maybe if i find out why i been constipated for many months ill maybe find more answers on why my prostatitis wont go away. but theres nothing wrong with my colon. he said everything looked fine. add more fiber to my diet. ive been to a new urologist to get another opinion. he said theres no treatment for what i have and its something i have to deal with, i would hate to believe that there isnt treatment for this because who wants to walk around in pain and discomfort. the last urologist i been to said i was making this up in my head. most patients make things up. that was insulting. i decided to stay with my old urologist since he knows my diagnosis. so 8 years later and im still trying to treat this. recently my therapist told me to stop looking for second opinons. the doctors are right. something wasnt sitting well with me. if your gut feeling tells you something is wrong it normally is. si i went back to my urologist again and i complained about my symptoms. after he took test he said i have lots of Bactria and thats what's  causing me discomfort.  he said prostatitis can be treated and the one i have is the Bacteria  one. any advice you can give me? im already 30. imtrying to finish school. i have so much on my plate. i have to take care of my mother. my sister has cancer. so much in my mind now. this pain and discomfort. my doctor gave me new antibiotics. i had to get authorization from my insurance. they denied it the first time then approved it the second. the doctor said it will start working in 1-2 months. it takes time.