So I bought a PS4 Bundle for the quarantine and it came with God of War, Horizon Zero Dawn, and The Last of Us remastered. I also bought The Show, AND Uncharted 4 cuz I like tomb raider and wanted to check it out. The only console this gen and last gen I didnt get was a playstation because I dont like them. Never really did. I have an xbox, a switch, and a gaming pc as well. I play on PC the most and the switch and a the xbox fairly often. BUT people have always told me that sony exclusives were basically the best games you could play especially the last of us. So I never watched any lets plays or anything on the off chance id buy a ps4 one day. Strangely enough a global pandemic begins and its literally the perfect time to invest in a new console. I get my PS4 and its alright. Party system is a little tedious at times, interface is a tad annoying, and the no free trial for plus really bothered me at first but I got over it. What made up for all that is the fact that almost everyone I know has a PS4 so now I can game with people I havent been able to in years, which is nice. So first things first I watch ALL the god of war games and some lore vids over a few days on youtube so I can play the new one. The story was great so then I played the new one and it was one of the best gaming experiences ive ever had. Legit near perfect if not perfect game. 9.5/10 at least. Off to a fckin great start, playstation. THEN I play Zero Dawn and it was pretty good, not amazing but not bad, definitely a solid game that I enjoyed well enough. Next I watch the first 3 uncharted games on youtube, I thought about buying the collection but I didnt want to playthrough 3 decade+ old games just to play 4 so I just watched them. I get to uncharted 4 and it really was a tremendous game. The puzzles were fun, the story was pretty good with the pirates and the lost colony mystery, nate’s brother, and nate struggling with life outside treasure hunting and adventure. The climbing mechanics were good and the combat was serviceable. I REALLY liked it. It kept me very intrigued all the way through. I legitimately wanted to find out about what happened to these pirates. So after playing 2 great and 1 pretty good game, im really looking forward to tlou cuz this is gonna be the one. The crown jewel of playstation. Naughtydog’s Magnum Opus...but then I played it. It was hyped up to me for YEARS. Since I was in high school. 6 years later, I play the game and I cant for the life of me see what all the fuss is about? It was honestly the most let down ive ever been. Nothing about the game was really GREAT everything about it was either good or bad. Story, good. Just good. Been done a million times. Guy has to look after and protect a child in a fucked up world. And the world itself, not unique at all. A plague that turns everyone into gross fungus zombies...okay? So? Joel and Ellie are good characters I liked them well enough but not as well as Nathan Drake and Sully. Or Daddy Kratos and THE BOY.  I just thought the world and story were a little mediocre. The gameplay however...WOW much worse. Shooting mechanics were god awful and the stealth mechanics were infuriating to say the least. I think Uncharted 4 is Naughtydog’s better game if we’re being honest. I just dont see whats so good about tlou. Its not particularly unique in any way, and it certainly doesnt excel at anything it sets out to do. People say “it tells a story like a movie or a good book like no other game ever has. its more of that than a video game” well if i wanted to watch a movie about this stuff or read a book id watch world war z or read the road. Because theyre almost the exact same thing. Dont rage on me, Im just venting my thoughts. Im enjoying my PS4 and these good games for sure. I was just shocked that the last of us was nothing like I was expecting it to be. Maybe my expectations after the years of hype were just too high.