Forgive me if this is the wrong sub (and please point me towards a more appropriate one if needed). Yesterday my brother (m23) and i (f20) decided to trip while stuck in quarantine at our dads house. It was a beautiful day for mushrooms and my brother and I wanted to try a higher dosage this time. 5 grams each of b+cubensis. We have never had a bad trio before and this was going accordingly for the first 2 and a half hours. Lots of laughing and goofy thoughts and moving trees. It was perfect. Long story short I needed to go into my childhood house to go pee. My dad had just gotten home from work (he was aware and cool that we were doing mushrooms that day). I walk in the front door to him having a very loud, passionate fight with his husband. This is not out of the normal with them, they’ve got a healthy relationship that allows them to express emotion. I have no idea what they were fighting about but in my mind my dad was in there screaming about us being in mushrooms. This took me instantly down a horrible spiral of oh I should not be here, I am not welcome here, not loved, not safe, not a good person. I left the door open and walked away, walking around the house downstairs (since I still needed to pee). I got in the door, heard them yelling at each other and melted on the couch, spiraling and sobbing until my brother came in realized what was happening, and got me to take care of myself and get out of the house.  Got out of the house, still spiraling and sobbing, still can hear them yelling. Shit was traumatic. I’m usually okay/ calloused to fights but on this many mushrooms, it shattered me. I love both my dad and my step dad, as well as the hiuse but after that I want nothing to do with any of it. I don’t want to talk to them I don’t want to be in the house. Ik this is a long shot and there’s not nearly enough info about me or my family or the trip to effect it understand. But how can I get over this? I can’t afford therapy right now and with quarantine it is hard anyeay. What do I make of this trip, is there any lessons to be learned other than I guess don’t trip with family around? I just feel so depressed and disconnected idk what to do and idk how I can keep living here during the quarantine. Please any advice would help so much.