Setting: 8pm At home listening to jay electronica after eating a full meal. My friend who gave me the shrooms said 2g was enough to trip so I ate 2g at first & after about 2 hours I felt the effects. I felt like I was drunk. I then eat another handful which was about another 2g. Soon after that I started seeing patterns and everything I stared at started wiggling. The walls, ceiling, my blanket all seemed like their patterns were wiggling. I say to myself “I gotta check out the sky”. I tried to check out the clouds because they were looking cool but then I notice this cat that hangs around, and she’s shrinking! So I take a seat on my back porch watching this cat shrink and grow. I checked my eyes after I go back inside and they’re all black. I think the cat knew I was tripping because he sat in front of me for a while watching me. By this time I feel nauseous so I lay down in bed. I begin to giggle and I tell myself I’m laughing at nothing which made things funnier. Then I think about myself laughing at nothing and it gets even funnier until I’m stuck in a loop thinking about myself, thinking about myself laughing at nothing for 30 minutes. I had a strong feeling that someone was waiting to speak to me while I was laughing but I couldn’t stop laughing. I finally get the courage to turn off the light and close my eyes then I hear a woman say “We can’t talk while he’s here”. I look over and see myself pouting, arms crossed, with a white glow- it was my rationality, personified. Took me a couple of minutes but I rid myself of him. Then she said we were going to ”speak” and that I was to use “thought“. These were the 2 of 3 only actual words she used, I felt our conversation for lack of better term. Once I learned to converse with her she told me I had to say goodbye to Laughter, a physical spirit of Laughter itself I was hanging with. I said smilingly and gleeful “Why would I say goodbye to Laughter, he’s a gift from the gods!” She say “If you want to finish hearing what I have, you have to say goodbye”. I agree and slowly and sadly begin to cry. I was deeply saddened as if I were saying bye to a lifelong friend. I told myself I couldn’t be so sad over someone I only met 30 minutes ago so I wipe my tears and ask “Okay I’ve said goodbye, what’s the lesson?” She goes “That was the lesson”  I felt empty for a minute but I soon begin to giggle again and our lesson resumes. The 3rd word she used was “advanced” as I felt myself skipping through her lessons. This woman was a teacher and I her student. I “spoke” with a man too shortly, I have the feeling we played chess. He checkmated me with a clever move and we were both pleased with the game. Based on my hermitic studies I believe these two beings to be Isis and Osiris though I’m completely unsure about this. I’m about an hour into my trip now and I’m high as hell. I felt like I was in a cosmic sandbox playing with the universe. I tried to remember something during this point and I heard a child say “Oh you’re using Time, cool!” The school I was in with Isis looked like Asgard in Thor, everything gold. Me and her were staring at at pool of what seemed like clouds in a sky when she says “Ready for your next lesson? Just be sure not to bump into Laughter again”. I look up and see Laughter spinning around in the next room. I have to hold back my laugh just looking at him. This was the most delightful part of my trip, seeing my best friend Laughter. He looked like a yellow, glowing symbol, twirling around. I say “allow me” and I manipulate the clouds like I was doing Tai chi, swirling them around my hands. I sensed myself become an orb and ascend into a large space. In this space I feel the presence of about 7 beings. I first one, a man, greets me and I  interrupt him and say “Hold on let me think about where I am”. I felt myself summon energy from below that looked like computer circuits in the form of a hand. If we were in a room then this hand tried to grab that room. It was batted away as easy as a wisp of smoke and he says angrily “You dare try to penetrate this realm with thought!” I without embarrassment humbly bow and express my gallantry. A female then says benevolently “You use your thought before your manners, you truly are our Thought Warrior”. A big shield , sword, and helmet manifest it on me and I’ve never felt prouder of anything in my life. I descend back to Isis and instantly she is scolding me “You dare use thought!” blah blah etc etc. We then both smile proudly as we recall the gods deeming me their Thought Warrior. From here I descend into my own consciousness and I hear my own voice say “Welcome, this is the highest level of consciousness you’ve ever been to” then I say “Nah, I just came from higher” my conscious screamed in amazement “You what?!”  I then walk through my consciousness and met my negative side. He began by showing me grotesque images and saying bad things but I couldn’t hear him but I was too busy laughing remembering my time with Laughter. This negative portion lasted 30 sec and I wasn’t affected because I was too busy laughing, but I’m guessing bad trips consist of being stuck here. I then saw my soul, and my own self anguish. My anguish was in the form of a black dragon with purple circuits running through him. It moves fast like the game centipede and was responsible for the hole in my soul. I heard Isis voice once more when I was walking through my soul and I saw something so bad I turned away and said stop. She asked me if I was sure, then I said no, continue. I can’t remember what it was thankfully. I could even pinpoint where her voice stopped and I started hearing my own thoughts again. That was very surreal. The whole trip lasted about 3 hours. First hour: visually trippy. Second hour: spiritual ascension. Third hour: consciously aware.