To make it clear I have a deep respect for psychedelics and I know they can be extremely intense and dangerous. I am sure everyone is familiar with Youtubers like psychedsubstance who educate people about psychedelics and this is by no means a criticism of them. A lot of those Youtubers really press how many safety precautions you have to take and the importance of being safe which is really good, but I feel like there is an illusion that you have to be as safe as possible. Circumstances are completely different for everyone but I have been extremely careful with my use of psychedelics and the most intense trip I have had is around 200ug of acid which stupidly was my first time. Every single time I take a psychedelic I get anxiety that I am going to have a bad time but end up having a really good time and being aware enough that I actually don't get frightened by everything or certain thoughts. Most of my trips I have been in a relatively unsafe mental state and rarely have I been "ready" to trip. The most anxious I have ever been was when I did mushrooms while my dad was in the house at night. Nevertheless I have always been on the safe side of psychonauts, anytime someone tells me about how they went outside to McDonalds on acid or something I tell them to be careful and its better to just stay home. But almost everyone I know who has done psychedelics has done something like 200ug of acid their first time and spend the whole time walking around in public, smoking weed, huffing nitrous and doing all kinds of crazy shit. When people tell me these stories I question why I am so cautious and fearful of doing anything slightly crazy. So lately I have been thinking that Youtubers do not want to be liable or responsible for peoples bad experiences and don't want their video taken down so they have to be extremely specific about anything. Also keep in mind that most of the time these people will tell stories of their psychedelic use that are completely fucking bonkers and they contradict themselves all the time. What do you guys think about this?