First time poster, long time interest in psychedelics.  Have taken LSD and mushies a number of times in my early 20s and 10+ yrs later just started exploring again with mushrooms.  Last year had a few nights at 1 to 1.5g and all was good, visuals, fun, and some exploring but nothing major.  Recently, my wife and I decided we wanted to explore further.  So we planned out an evening, she took 2g and I took 2.5g of b+.  To set the stage, the prior week was hectic with work and sick children.  But this was our only chance to get away for awhile and didn’t think 2.5 would be unwieldy.  We also had the whole day to ourselves so we had been to dinner and had a few drinks.  So back to consumption, we tossed them back with a bit of peanut butter and got prepared for a good time.  We started a fire and turned on some music.  Things seem to come on very quick, like 20 minutes I could tell the ride was starting.  For the next hour the come up was great, good visuals, pixelated sight, and we started getting the giggles.  We went outside for a bit and the sky was so amazing.  The stars looked like they were so close and were dancing across the sky.  We went back in when things started to get real heavy and walking was becoming difficult.  We decided to try yoga on the rug and I quickly became planted to the floor.  I would get up every once in awhile to use the restroom only to come back and be drawn to the floor.  My wife was doing almost the same thing.  After my third or fourth loop of this action I felt glued to the ground and I started to have strong body sensations.  It felt like every muscle in my body was tensing up.  I started to ponder the stresses from the week before and this strong body sensation just kept coming over in waves like my body was forcing the tension out of my body.  It actually felt amazing and gave me some insight on how much I internalize stress.  But then things started to get weird, I stopped with the body sensations, and wanted to go outside.  I started to visualize my wife and I aging, and then felt as if our souls were connected, and we’d been through this life together before.  It was truly amazing, however I felt a loss, I didn’t visualize our children.  This led my thoughts into a deep hole where I started to believe we were really in a place for trauma treatment and we’d aged and were grieving but I couldn’t recognize it.  Like waking up from a catatonic state.  I told my wife I wasn’t feeling great and needed to get outside.  I found myself outside still with deep thoughts and feelings of loss.  Outside the logs beneath the deck looked like dead bodies furthering my belief that we’d lived many lives here.  Then I felt darkness starting to consume everything and I felt like someone was lifting the veil off of my reality and that I was being woken up from a simulation.  It scared the crap out of me and I buckled down in my mind because I didn’t want to lose my family and this life.  I broke the thought cycle but was still scared.  I walked inside and told my wife I had to go to bed immediately because I wasn’t feeling good.  It took me awhile too fall asleep but kept reminding myself everything would be ok.  The next day came and I started to process what had happened the night before.  I’ve also read some other trip reports to understand what i went through.  It wasn’t all bad, actually had a really good time prior to the end, I’m wondering if I would of let go I would’ve opened my mind up further or would I have broken.  I really felt at the time I was hanging by a mental thread but seems a lot of folks just let go.  Any thoughts, advice, or constructive comments would be appreciated!