I have a love hate relationship with psychedelics. My first time taking acid was probably the best feeling I’ve ever had in my entire life, 1 very conservatively dropped tab. Second time 2 tabs same sort of feeling maybe a bit of a harder come up because I wasn’t use to it (100ish ug gets me OUT THERE) but then the third time... this shit is kinda where I think I first felt the possible negative side effects (I rarely use, maybe 1-2 3max times a year if that) but I was coming up on acid from another plug who also gets very clean liquid so I knew it was safe, but I ended up somewhere totally unknown to me for the come up and this felt a lot more like 3-4 tabs than 1-2 and it took me an hr or so once I got back home to get myself to sort of comprehend and calm down. Luckily, once I hit my peak I was totally at bliss with the world and seeing beautiful things. Okay this is already getting long but I thought I’d preface it with some backstory so people know I have some experience at this point. So I took acid once more after that and had a good time then took almost a year break from any psychedelic. Fast forward to about a year and a half ago, my friend came over and he said for some reason he really felt like taking acid this one day (he usually hates the idea of not being in any control or not being able to sleep and is a lot like me when it comes to these sort of things) so I have him 1 tab of acid I had left and it worked well for him, but the catch, he said he’d only do it if I was tripping with him. I wasn’t scared particularly at all or in a headspace where I felt too vulnerable to do it so I said fuck it. This is the FUCK UP: I had a puck sized chocolate FILLED with crushed up P. Cyanescens and had no idea the dosage (also had no idea Cyans are so fucking strong) so I took about half of it not knowing I just dosed about 4-6g of cyans (I’d never fully tripped on shrooms yet) so fast forward only 10 mins later (hadn’t eaten that day and chugged down some OJ while taking it) and the floor was already this Morpheus blob of swirls and patterns etc. which is cool and all, but I also realized that it was only 10 mins in and that I still had a good hr before the effects started to reach their peak. Then, I started to get this sinking dreadful feeling in my stomach and in the back of my head, I thought maybe I just had to puke knowing very well shrooms can do that to ya. So I went outside and gagged for what felt like a year straight, but every time I gagged I kept getting these crazy bursts of vivid intense imagery. I almost can’t remember it it was so intense. Anyways I ended up stuck in a loop thought process of dread, loneliness, and some happiness and excitement but only for a few seconds every once in a while. Anyways, I’ve tripped a few times since then (I actually took the Cyans again but at a quarter the dose and still had strong visuals) and last summer I took a 200-300ug tab with my best friends I’ve known since kindergarten, we were at a privately owned island in the San Juan’s that I’m lucky enough to have an old family cabin on so we were all just taking a pre summer grind vacation sort of deal. Up at the lake, in the woods in the sun looking out over the water with trees and rock formations and sounds of birds and all the beautiful neature shit X) but even then, while coming up I was experiencing some pretty heavy anxiety, and then there were breaks in my peak where I felt it too. I get that it’s a part of it in a way, but after that shroom experience I had been having panic attacks and high anxiety for months and months to almost a year, until I finally started to settle down again. It took me for a RIDE, a long ass ride. I’ve never felt so changed in my life and to this day use my experiences as a tool when I’m feeling shitty, it’s weird because as much as I hated those feelings, I feel like they’ve turned me into a better person. I use to be judge mental and hard to talk to. But now I’m super open minded and love having back and forth conversations with people about different opinions and I try and do my best to help those around me whenever I can. I dunno why I’m posting this anyways, I was about to drop some acid today, but decided to trip sit for my friends instead. I guess I came here to get it out of me again. It’s been over a year since I brought this up to anyone. But it scared the living shit out of me, and I have come to respect how powerful these things really can be. I’m done taking psychedelics whenever my friends want to, and think I’ll just sit for people. But honestly, a 1 on 1 trip with some lsd sounds very attractive to me at the moment. I think part of it is whenever I’m in a group (especially if I’m tripping and sitting at the same time) I feel overwhelmed with worrying about other people. Anyways, if anyone gets to this point, I’m impressed lol, and thanks for giving the time of day to hear me out hahaha