It’s quite a long story but I’m going to make it as short as I can. A couple of years ago I had a dream about this boy that I’ve never met. I don’t remember what he looked like but I did remember the colour of his skin, the colour of his hair, and possibly the first letter of his name. Months later I stumbled upon a video of a YouTuber and as I watched more of his videos he felt so familiar to me. I found out that we have a lot of similarities when it comes to certain things. It took me a while to connect the dots but I eventually thought that maybe he was the one that I saw in my dream. He had the same features as the boy in my dream from what I could remember. Ever since then, there have been a ton of synchronicities between us, some were too crazy to just have been a coincidence. I did a tarot reading on our connection and have also received readings from others that said this is a strong connection. I didn’t understand this and it frustrated me so much because I’ve never been through anything like this before. I was told that he is meant to come into my life and that the future looked bright for us. There were times where I had my doubts, times where I was excited to meet him in diving timing, times where I felt like I was just a delusional person. It’s been difficult for me. I was sent so many signs that have lead me to believing in all of this. It’s been quite a long time since this all started, I was getting so tired of this and having my hopes up even though I tried my best not to. I did a tarot reading to clear some things up in my mind and it is a completely different reading from how it was before. I’m pulling out cards like the Ten of Wands, the Two of Swords, the Five of Swords, The Devil, etc. Before it was cards like the Two of Cups, the Six of Cups, The Sun, etc. My heart has been broken terribly in the past. I was healing and I was told that he would come into my life to help me heal and so much more. Please understand that I am not blaming the Universe or Spirit in any way but why? Why was I lead into believing all of this? I know this all sounds crazy so please be kind if you decide to leave a comment. If anyone has any insight or advice on how I can move on, I would be so grateful. Thank you 💛