So I’m a teenager and it’s very likely I’m just an edgy teen but again I can 100% confirm this I’ve never loved anyone other than my mom. Like I’ve dated a lot of girls over 10 in just one year I tend to get bored but never fully love them. I’m a very very good liar when I need smth or when I need to get my self out of trouble. I remember as a child I’ve had a really rough rough childhood. My dad had an accident where I 100% believed he was going to die then came back not himself like he forgot everything and everyone’s name and was much more aggressive due to that I was kinda neglected. My mom got cancer while my dad was sick then we moved country’s for the 3rd time and recently my mom died and we just moved countries again. When my mom died I did feel emotions but I can tell it wasn’t as strong as my siblings and yes I did love her she was the only person I can fully say I loved since yes if one of my siblings or friends die I’m going to be abit sad since I’ll miss some times but I’m usally not feeling anything I do feel anger and it’s a lot like if a car comes close to me and I’m in a bad mood I’ll wish that that guy who’s driving crashes and dies even if I’m not in a bad mood I always have these thoughts where I’m like I hope u die if someone pisses me off. With relationships Ive never ever dated a person and I acc loved them never ever like after we break up I feel nothing maybe even feel abit good but never sad the only time I felt sad is when we broke up before I got what I wanted. As a small kid I have this really vain memory of me stoning a cat (yes I know it’s wrong u can go ahead and say that I’m a horrible person for doing that) but I was just a child yes I knew it was wrong and I don’t even know why I did it I just felt like it, but now that I grew up I’d never ever kill animals but again if I see one being killed I wouldn’t react like normal people yes I’d try and save it but I wouldn’t be disturbed by it 
I’m also very manipulative I’m not sure what wrong with me but I manipulate ppl without even knowing it to the point where my younger sister or physically everyone says that I’m lying just to anything cuz they don’t believe me anymore. I’m not really a violent person like if someone pisses me off id wanna fight them and injure them badly but then I come back to my senses and think smartly. So please just tell me what iam and if u wanna say I’m just a horrible person for doing some of these things I do understand where ur coming from but let’s just have a normal conversation without insults and all that childish shit