I use to be a devoted Christian for 20 years and went to church all the time and participated in church events etc. I went to a place near me called the radiant and man it was kinda weird lol it wasn't bad everyone was nice, it was mostly the dependency thing that worries me. I get religion I know why its here and have a theory of why its here in the first place but I know people love there religion and it gets them were they need to go in life that's a ok for me. Like how everyone was muttering these things like "please god" "help me god". I remember this a lot seems like everyone is praying and hoping that their distorted prayers would make physical differences for people, they prayed for this little girl who has cancer and telling her that god is gonna make you feel better because you have faith and your gods child... well what happens when worst comes to worst and shes on her death bed thinking she wasn't good enough? I'm sure I'm over thinking however it is a kind act to help comfort her as she did seem to have hope after all, I hope it works out for her. Then the weirdest part as if what I just mentioned didnt happen the band comes out "ok everyone are we ready to praise god!" I just thought wow I just seen a large crowd share genuine emotion over a sick little girl to a minute later a christian rock song is blasting and there are girls dancing up front with people praising, just seemed like a concert then lol after that the offering plate passed, during this process one of the musicians on stage was talking into the mic almost praying kind of but talked about how why spend money on a new pair of nikes when you can entrust your funds with god. Yikes. After that it was pretty standard church with sermons and a slide show. So as an atheist I went back to church and overall it wasn't bad, did it feel a little cultish of course but I did see that who ever was there was for it in full and they were joyous the entire time so yes I still dont hate it I think it has its place just wish it seemed more for god than somethin else.