Hello guys...this story is gonna take a little because I want to give you all the details and I really feel right now that I need to tell to someone that because I dont know what to do anymore and I need other opinions. So I'm a 19 years old romanian guy and I live and work in Copenhagen. Here I met a girl at my work.... I will put her name Elene for example... she is 27 years old but we started to make a love story... we have been out together we had sex and right now we are in a relationship and we are really well bond because we did a lot of sacrifices for ourselves in the past 2 months..the thing is that she is living with her ex boyfriend in the same house and in the same room... yes I know what you are thinking but she made me sure that she is not in a relationship with him anymore and they are not still having sex or smth... they are literally broke up... but sometimes I'm really insecure about it.. I dont think they are still having sex or she is cheating me or smth but I know that she still loves him because they had an amazing relationship of 2 years(that's what she told me)...today I was at their house and we had kind of nice time together like we were talking and playing cards...and her ex said something about a girl and she started to be really jealous and after that she cuddled him and kissed his knee like(I dont want for you to be with someone else)...yes maybe now you are thinking that for sure she loves him but she is showing me a lot that she loves me too and I have no idea what to do... they will leave together for 2 weeks in Thailand because of a wedding of their friends....they are like godfather and godmother... and I dont know if I can resist 2 weeks knowing her with her ex in the same room alone all the time in fucking thailand and having really good time... and I cant take it anymore to see her so linked of him still ... it really makes me suffer...but I dont want to break up with her because I love her and I know that if we would break up she would also suffer and I don't want for her to suffer... I really wish to be good with her and to have a nice relationship where she would be 100% mine and i would be 100% hers...she is literally my dream girl...she has everything I'm looking for at a girl... sometimes I think she is the best person I ever met but it really hurts all these things hurts.... and dont suggest me to talk with her about it...I know that she would misunderstand and she would think smth like I want to be with someone else that's why I'm telling her this or other bullshit....please someone help me...what shall I do?