My first trip me and my hubby took 2gs in our room alone and that went very well had alot of fun was a pretty short trip maybe 30 min. So for my birthday coming up in two weeks our roommate offered to buy some shrooms and we had it planned out we where gonna go to my coworkers house with her and her boyfriend she lives in a very small studio. So we bought the shrooms my plug told me here since it’s your birthday this one is for you make sure you do this one. So my day started to go bad my puppy died that day but i didn’t want to let it affect my plans so i decided to go through with the plans i had already made. We stopped at the store before heading to her house and got some beer. When we get there we drink a little and then i was nervous so i chugged two tall boys and everyone was ready to take the shrooms. They did and i just took a little not the whole thing they didn’t work so i took more, they pressured me to just do them all so i did. Minutes later i start thinking omg im going to trip hard why did i do that and it was a never ending loop hole of those thoughts... so i decided to try something I read off the internet thats supposed to help stop the trip (which wasn’t true at all) lol so i ask my friend for sugar and start eating spoon fulls of sugar everyone was like wtf haha it did nothing at all hmmm shame on me for believing it lol. My friend tries to comfort me and gives me different chairs to sit on till i was comfortable with one and i choose the bean bag it pulled me in lol. The guys are in the living room in their own world and we are in the kitchen, my friend suggests going to her restroom puts some music on she sits in her shower and plays with her cat while im on the bean bag trying to stay calm. I was tripping on my hands they looked like tree branches and i could see my veins moving and she had a reflection of a rainbow, about an hour later the guys are done tripping but me and her weren’t so they decide to go for more beer. My friend and i came out of the restroom and rick and morty was on the tv everything looked like a cartoon i was part of the cartoon everything connected kind of hard to explain. If you’ve done shrooms in sure you understand what im trying to say. She  suggests we go outside we do, as soon as we walked out that door i saw aliens and i thought they where coming for us, the street light poles where very far but looked like spaceships and it sounded like i was in space. At this point im like omg the aliens so we ran back into her house. The guys get back they keep watching rick and morty and we stay and watch it with them. I was sinking into her bed i kept thinking her dream catcher was an aztec, I looked at the ceiling and saw crop circles. My friend tried to give me cookies but i had forgotten how to eat, i also kept having dejavú like i had already lived and died. At one point my subconscious starts talking to me through the cartoons so i start freaking out trying to ignore it and the more i ignore it the more it kept telling me stuff about me that i needed to fix! All of a sudden im the only one tripping everyone was done but i still was tripping hard as fuck! My hubby and roommate are ready to leave and i was scared i said no i wasn’t ready to get in a car i was scared as fuck to leave but they insisted. We end up leaving and im the only one tripping at this point its been about 5 hours into the trip the ride home was scary as hell lol the gps looked like a map full of crop circles in 3d i tried to avoid looking at it. We make it home safely. My hubby goes straight to bed and my roommate goes to the backyard to smoke some herb, i didn’t want to be alone so i joined him and i was still thinking the whole time i want this to end already. I kept trying to look away so i wouldn’t focus on one thing he offered me herb but i refused thinking it would probably make it worst. I sat in the backyard till 6 in the morning trying to stay calm hoping it would end already thinking i was never going back to normal. Oh yeah the moon looked like black and white spirals kind of like beetle juice haha. Finally it ends but im still trying to gather myself from this. It took me days to recover from what i experienced i defines wasn’t ready for that. I have heard alot of people say you must follow the rules and respect the shrooms. I did everything wrong! From doing it when I wasn’t in a good state of mind because of my puppy to doing it with people out of my comfort zone to many people at once and trying to fight the trip! Idk if mixing it with alcohol had anything to do with it. So in total I tripped for about 9 hours we took them at 9 they kicked in at 10 and it stopped at 6 am. Lol im hoping my experience helps someone, don’t disrespect the shrooms and also you can always take more but you can’t take less! I wasn’t planning on ever doing it again but the opportunity has come and i want to face my fears and so it the right way this time also i will be doing a very small dose in my own home like i did the first time! Wish me luck and looking forward to feedback. :) (sorry for my horrible grammar and punctuation)