So I usually would get gel tabs but the store didn’t have any so I had to get triple c’s and robitussin and I already had half a bottle of delsym from a previous trip. I was kinda hesitant to do triple c’s after all the negativity I read about it. I researched a lot about how much I could take and I eventually took seven 2 nights before this. I had a great time with no negative effects so 2 nights later I thought I would be safe to do 10. I also got a bottle of robitussin because I wanted to be more fucked up than I previously was. I was Nervous after reading something about the interactions between guifenessin and Chlorpheniramine Maleate and that it can make your blood pressure drop dangerously low I was doing a lot of research to make sure I would be safe. Eventually after hours of research I concluded that I should just take 8 triple c’s to be safe and I already drank the delsym 2 hours before. While taking the 8 triple c’s I was playing a 1v1 game of call of duty WW2 and winning I kept having to stop when I was popping the triple c’s out the box, after I popped the 8 triple c’s I took some Benadryl to help with nausea. After a half hour I was feeling anxious and decided fuck it and downed the whole bottle of robitussin and took 2 more triple c’s. As time went on I started playing worse at call of duty and started getting killed more often. When the trip was really kicking in, I told my friend I’m going to go to sleep and left the game. I went and sat in my bed starring around knowing that I was tripping. I started texting my friends and calling them to tell them how fucked up I was and I was just saying nonesense because I just didn’t know what to say and I couldn’t understand anything they were saying. I was just mindfucked and couldn’t think striaght and I woudl forget everything I said 30 seconds later. I started listening to music and got sad and vibes a lot with the music, this was different because I am usually emotionless on dxm. Later I started playing gta 5 and was just driving very fast dodging cars and then I crashed and started playing other games. I was playing very bad and doing wierd things. I then got up and started walking around my room and I was waking slightly different then how I usually did on dxm and I didn’t care that my parents might hear me walking around this late and think what the fuck I was doing and come upstairs to find me fucked up and ground me. I then opened my widnow and stuck my entire body out of the window for some reason and was just looking out there and the cold wind felt so nice. I then laid in my bed and started listening to music and drifting off into a state of complete dissociation and was hullucinatijt YouTube videos playing in my head and when I realized what was going on I snapped awake and thought that was cool. I don’t remeber much after that point but I woke up the next morning and I couldn’t move because I was so hungover and tired. Overall it was a great experience and had no negative effects at all I enjoyed myself and plan on doing it again soon.