 I never realized how much this hits home to me just now, crying as I write this. When I was young, my dad was an alcoholic, I never understood why he came home so angry until this scene. I watched him beat my mom so many times, heard it happen. I saw him drag her out by her hair out of a casino, because my mom would hide there and gamble her problems away because my dad was that scary. I even saw him cut her hair off with a pair of scissors. Those are images that will literally never leave me ever. I'm 28 years old now, and my father has passed from cancer, my mother ran away to Hawaii and have rarely talked to her since. I told my mom as I got older that I wish I wasn't abandoned, but she always put her troubles before mine. I grew up without parents. I also grew up with no citizenship to any country, as I was born in South Korea but came to America when I was just 3 years old, wasn't even in South Korea long enough to become naturalized and the irony of my life is that I grew up feeling like an alien to everybody (when quite literally, I was legally an alien to every country). Almost everyone I knew had parents, (obviously) and almost everyone shared memories and love together as a family, I could never once relate to such a feeling, and to all the kids who were like me and didn't have parents, you would imagine I would have gravitated to those people because they are just like me, but those kids were usually super hard to be friends with because everyone dealt with their trauma in their own way, which in my case almost everyone that seemingly had a rough childhood as I did, were mostly gang affiliated or violent. I grew up in a low income, ghetto neighborhood with all kinds of different gang members. I do not wish to explain to you what that feels like when you see families express love every single day of your life only to remind me that I will never once experience that. Coming back to this scene, my father would also wear rings sometimes when he was drunk, I still remember his. His wedding ring was made of 10 different rings given down to him from his family and melted into one, big ass golden ring. I still remember my father adjusting the ring to make sure it acted as a knuckle, and the most early memory I have for when I came to America was this exact one, he adjusted the ring over his middle finger and punched down on the top of my head, I still have a dent there to this day, kinda nice though because over ear headphones fit really snug due to the dent... (the only joke)  I have had a subconscious fear of abandonment the entirety of my life and I know why I always try to contact my mother and I know that I still stayed by my dads side because I didn't want to lose them. I grew up starting fights with bullies that picked on kids who couldn't do anything because that was me trying to make up for all the times I did nothing as my mother got beat. I got into so much trouble for things like this and I even got jumped by a group of kids because I tried to help out the kid they were bullying, this last one was only 6 years ago. This trauma does not leave you until you understand it and heal from it, and as I mentioned earlier I never had citizenship, well I finally applied for U.S. Citizenship after being a permanent resident for the time needed to be naturalized.  I am 28 years old now and this is the very first year of my life that I can give myself closure through understanding, this is the first year of my life where I begin the healing process.  I just want you guys to know that I've been through absolute hell my entire life, I've cried to the point where tears quit coming out of my eyes. I've gotten hit by my dad by literally every single house hold object you can imagine. He was a general contractor by the way, you can only imagine what kinds of things he had laying around the house that he used to hit me. But through all those moments, I never once gave up. I could never stop giving up. There's a small window of time at a very young age when you go through this where you end up being someone who never gives up, or you become defeated that moment and live your life through the echos of your trauma. I took that opportunity and decided to be and stay strong. I'm still alive today, I'm almost a citizen. I still am healing from all this, I still think about it and my dad every single day. I still love my dad, no idea why but I do. But the most important part about all this is the idea of never giving up. Don't ever give up okay? Use me as an excuse. Seriously, if I can make it, you can too.   I don't know why I wrote this, it just happened and it needed to be said, something triggered me to do so.   I will be okay, just make sure you tell yourself you will be okay too. I have so much compassion for humanity based on these polar experiences that I know many would despise humanity for.   But I understand duality now, and I understand our universe is biased towards love, which is the only reason why I chose to stay strong. That is why we must lead with compassion, it's abundant in nature and there's more than enough for everyone. It costs us nothing, and it can make you happy.  If you took the time to read this, I love you and I promise that if something ever ails you, don't give up and you will soon find that those moments will end up serving you, in the greatest way possible.   You can't give up, I can't give up, we can't give up!