Even since an early age, I have been very, so to speak, philosophical. Not only was I very passionate about knowledge, but it was precisely that knowledge which philosophers, logicians, physicists and mathematicians purportedly seek to uncover that I was striving for, even prior to my formal education in these disciplines, albeit not in a very sophisticated way. As a kid, I felt privileged and delighted to be born at the end of the 20th century and not in, say, 1200BC or 1800AD, but not because life is easier nowadays, but because we know more, but because we are closer to Truth. Conversely, I felt saddened and envious of those kids who will be born "once everything has been figured out.(Please excuse me if I sound self-aggrandizing or narcissistic, I only bring this all up because it is relevant to my question.) Today I believe that to hold such a conviction at an early age (or at an any age, indeed) is symptomatic... Anyways, being born in a post-Einsteinian world, I was diverted towards mathematics and physics by my teachers and in the end chose the former upon realization that it is more fundamental and more pleasing aesthetically. And here I am, a graduate student of pure mathematics in his 20s who can't help coming back to philosophy, philosophy of mathematics and physics included, and through it to psychoanalysis in his free time. Now I presume most of you are very familiar with Nietzsche, the philosopher whose thought is arguably most closely related to Freud's. And in case you read him, you know he was the author of some of the most profound insights on truth, will to truth etc., perhaps most famously in his GM. You also know that he was also an extremely passionate and affectively fully engaged "truth seeker", who derived intense (visceral) pleasure and suffering from his insights and whose diary at one point reads something like: For many, abstract thinking is toil. For me, on good days, it is *feast* and *frenzy*. In this regard he was very different from guys like Gödel, Turing, Russell, von Neumann, and most of contemporary scientists, indeed. Ironically, while exalting the Dionysian, the tragic age of the Greeks, the heroic self-overcoming and figures like Goethe and Bonaparte, his own life resembled that of the nihilistic figure of a priest, about whom he wrote so acerbically, condescendingly and bitterly. Anyways, his profound insights helped me understand my--and not merely mine--will to truth to a large degree. Which finally brings me to my question, after a rather (and perhaps unnecessarily) long introduction. From a purely psychoanalytical perspective, what could be behind one's "will to truth"? As I have no formal education in psychoanalysis whatsoever, let alone clinical experience, I cannot offer many (if any) sophisticated suggestions. Perhaps someone "buried" a truth about himself or herself in response to an early trauma, only to proceed to search and long for truth about the world in a very personal and passionate way? I would really appreciate hearing more thoughts on this topic. Thanks in advance.