So I had a lil ket a buddy gave me for free, so I was like ooo happy days and saved it for when my family went to bed, had a bitta really skunk weed too and was about 5 hours into a 200ug acid trip. So I rolled big spliff and got the fattest line I ever took ready, smoked the spliff then did the shniffle shniffle right after. Lay back on my bed, instantly knew I was gonna be in a khole as soon as I lay down I was like shiiit cuz I've had some scary experiences with kholes. This time was different though. My whole body started to feel extremely fuzzy with euphoria and within about 5 minutes my body started to feel so deeply relaxed that I couldn't move or even differentiate what was my body and what was the bed. Now keep in mind I hadn't slept in  26 hours atleast maybe more at this time and was planning on going to sleep right then and I think this contributed to the experience. so I closed my eyes, started to watch all the closed eye visuals like a movie and just let my mind play whatever it wants to play and they started to get really intense. I found myself in a rain forest, but it felt like I was actually there. as if half of me was here on my bed but at the same time I was there and I could change where I wanted to go by focusing my attention on what I want. So the more I focused on the rainforest the more immersive and real it became. I was really intreaged by this and tried to dive deeper into it and focused on being completely present with this place. It got to the point where I kind of lost myself and forgot that I was lying on my bed. I could feel the breeze on my skin and hear birds chirping, the trees were making that wwwooooosh noise in the wind. Insects were flying around and everything felt so damn alive as if all the plants were breathing and geometric patterns formed so perfectly over everything I looked at. It felt like I was almost right there! Like those really realistic dreams you get every now and again. As I started to admire this place I noticed a jaguar of some sort, just lurking around the foliage eyeing me out. The most beautiful animal I'd ever seen in my life I was in awe staring at it. Almost had a iridescence to its fur when the sunlight hit it at the right angle. It started walking towards me as soon as I noticed him. My palms started to get the cold sweats and I was uneasy but for some reason didn't feel like running away, I felt hypnotised and in a daze staring into it's face. It walked right up to me, stood on its back legs, rest its front paws on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eyes, like I mean really deep into my eyes as if it was trying to look into my soul with this most piercing stare. I got the most perculiar feeling I ever felt in my entire life at that moment, I felt like we knew eachother. I don't know how, but we knew eachother from somewhere I just felt this connection as if to say "heyyy I remember you" but I don't know where from. all I knew is we knew eachother somehow from somewhere and it has me in awe. Something about this animal felt so familiar and connected to me but I just can't put my finger on it! Was like deja vu. I stood there in an almost trance staring deep into its pupils, I felt so much love for this animal and I could tell it felt the same. After what felt like 5 minutes of this it dropped back down on its 4 legs, did a stretch, gave me a look up and down and just walked away calmy until I couldn't see it anymore. As this happened the wind picked up slightly and this is where it gets really fuckin odd and I'll explain why. A few months ago me and a friend of mine went mountain biking in a forest, we came to the top of a big hill while the wind was bristling through the trees. We smoked a joint while admiring the view of the street lights in the distance and he says to me "man have you ever listened to the wind as it passes your ears, it almost speaks to you" and we laughed it off saying that's the most stoned shit we ever heard. Anyways the wind picked up at the leaving of the jaguar, not much but the trees started going whoooosh abit more. I lay down as I felt tired standing and just stared at the sky through the canopy of trees while I thought about what just happened. everything started to get dark as I felt the breeze on my skin giving me the chills. it was like the sun went behind a big cloud. the wind started passing through my ears and I started to hear untranslatable whispering. I couldn't make out a word of it but it sounded like someone was angry at me. It felt like someone was whispering right into my ear it was really uncomfortable and I felt so on edge. It was like the whispering was giving out to me, even though I couldn't understand it, I just felt it like it was telling me off. I felt so guilty and really sad. I started to tear up and began remembering everyone I ever knew in my whole life even people from childhood I forgot existed. I thought about how they were all going to die someday and I seen beauty in every single one of them. even my worst enemies I felt compassion for. I felt so deeply for all of them. As this was happening the sun came out from behind a big cloud making it sunny again and I felt the warmth  on my skin again it felt fucking amazing. It was such a relief and as this happened the heat from the sun started to evaporate the tears on my face and I watched as a mist of it floated off me along with all the plants making the whole jungle really humid and misty. I closed my eyes and kind of drifted off watching geometric closed eye visuals and started to remember I was in my bed and I'd just taken this drug. As I realised this I started to feel like I was in my body again, I started to feel more like me again. I thought to myself I actually cannot believe that just happened. I opened my eyes feeling groggy and still quite fucked off the ket but I could atleast move now.     I eventually went to sleep for a little bit and just woke up not long ago. I feel so drained and shitty, but I'm still so amazed at what happened. I could blab on some more about other parts of the trip but I'd be going on forever, this just stood out to me because I've never ever had an experience like this on psychedelics, just the odd closed eye visions and very slight out of body experiences. It's sparked a deeper interest for psychedelics than I already had. I'm eager to dive deeper and explore it. I want to hopefully recreate something like this again in future. It was scary and really sinisister feeling at some parts of the trip, but mostly it was beautiful and extremely weird. I don't think I can explain the oddness of it, you would have to experience it to get what I mean. I felt like I left my body and went somewhere else, which I never felt before. Anyways, I hope I didn't bore you too much with my lil trip report or whatever you wanna call it. I felt some fellow psychonauts would be really interested in this, I had to share it