I recently just got this app because I was doing research on a certain dream that has been bothering me, I noticed a lot of people on this app described dreams very similar and I feel like I’d get more answers or just someone to talk about it with on here. So every since I was little I would have dreams in a certain house I knew exactly what the inside looked like and I know what the house and yard looks like, I know that it’s right off of a Main Street cause In one of my dreams involving this house was me going down a long main road and turning left and knowing exactly what the house looks like from the street view. It’s kind of up hill with lots of trees and you can only see the side of the house. So for years and years I’ve always told friends and family about this house, I’ve described it to them and just told them I find it weird. I’ve never been here, I’ve had dreams in other houses that I can remember going to even at 3 years old but this house I’ve never been to. I would describe it to my family to see if they could think of where it is or if they ever been just to try and get some answers. People say it’s from my “past life” and that’s cool to think about but kinda creepy and after hearing that it makes me wonder about this house even more lol. So I’ve only had about a handful of dreams in this house, some nightmares some just driving by it, I remember running down the hall way and slamming a bed room door on someone cause I was trying to get away. Just weird shit. I was telling my boy friend about this house cause I find it so odd that I would have dreams about a house I’ve never been to, keep in mind I havnt had a dream in this house in maybe five years. This is when it gets CRAZY to me, A few months ago one of my high school friends moved into his first house and had a house warming party, we’re on our way and I shit you not we passed the house in my dream, my heart dropped. Now I had even more questions cause wtf????? I would think okay maybe we have drove past this house as a kid and I just always remembered it?? But where it’s located I would have no reason to pass it and even if I did why would I dream about this house my whole life?? I’ve thought about going and talking to the owners, just so I can see if the inside is the same as my dream but if it is then I’m gonna freak even more. I just can’t wrap my head around this it’s actually scary to me. Any thoughts???