I’ve noticed that in my dads home there’s a certain vibe in there. And I know I created that vibe. I know that whatever is in that apartment, I probably brought it in there. I’m sorry if I sound kind of stupid or a little uneducated on some of this stuff, I don’t know everything and I could potentially have no idea what I’m even talking about. I believe in demons or entities/spirits that haven’t crossed over and I believe I might have attracted one and brought it into my dads house (if that’s even possible) or a friend brought it in and it got attached to me. Idk man. The real reasoning behind this is........I was REALLY depressed at the time, like I was going through it. I always felt really alone and I’d talk to myself a lot, or just talk out loud to the universe or my guides. I was a mess. Everytime I’m in that house I just feel like something’s watching me/something is not quite right, and I know it didn’t come with the house because it’s brand new and that eerie feeling wasn’t there when we first moved in. I always felt this presence in the hallway outside my room and it always scared me until one day I decided not to let it anymore. I opened the door to my room (it’s nighttime btw) and I sit on my bed and I’m determined to not let whatever this is scare me because after all it’s my house you know? But I just couldn’t shake it it literally felt like something was just standing there in the hallway WATCHING ME and I just felt scared. I finally gave in and closed my door. While I was in this house I never really slept with the light off because there was always a pervasive feeling of being scared/feeling like I had to watch my back, but after a while it didn’t help anymore. It didn’t ease the tension or uncomfortableness in the room anymore. I was trying to go to sleep one time (pretty sure it was the same night?) and out of the corner of my eye I saw a shadow cross my room and it was QUICK and it scared the FUCK out of me. I tried to calm down after that and go back to sleep but I COULDNT and eventually it just felt like something was pressing down on my CHEST like I couldn’t BREATHE. I had to leave that room and go and sleep with my dad I couldn’t go back there for the rest of the night. I sprinkled holy water around the next day and said some prayers (even tho I’m not religious) and it honestly kind of made it go away. But it eventually came back and it felt like it became STRONGER. Holy water STOPPED working and I think I just pissed whatever it was off. I don’t really live there anymore so it doesn’t bother me now but I still often reflect on it. Like what even was that? I still feel it’s presence when I go back to visit but no one else who lives in that house does. I also feel like there was just a lot of activity in my room. I would always see and feel things moving by me, shadows and what not but they never felt bad or malicious like the other one, their presence was always light, but I’m just wondering, I thought they might be dead relatives but were they really. Could it be possible that random spirits were just hanging around me? I was honestly really depressed at the time and I was always just talking to myself or talking out loud. I always saw so many flashes of light while being in that room. Like I believe that I have clairvoyance/clairsentience abilities or whatever but they’ve never fully developed because I have never fully developed. My psychic abilities developed the fastest when I was a healthy human being and extremely spiritual. I could see auras and all that shit. The whole 9 yards. Never spirits in like their FULL form but I could always see like outlines of them.  Now the most I can see is flashes. I think I even acted as a medium for someone once, but it was almost completely random and involuntary and I wasn’t really mentally healthy at that time either. Idk, it’s all just weird. Honestly, I’m basically typing all of this out because I just want to hear y’alls thoughts on this if you can give any. I’d love to see what you all have to say about all of this.