Ok so this might be a pretty long one.. so basically whenever i take a highish dose of acid now say 400+ i always see guards (police in ireland) they are completely imaginary but i can clearly see them.. the firsy time this happened was my second acid trip and i was at a party on 340 ug so this was my highest trip at this stage as i had only taken 200 previous, i was at a party tripping pretty hard but enjoying myself, a car pulled up in the driveway of the house it was a golf estate so one of the longer vw golfs, and it was dark but i can remember clearly seeing it as a garda car and i got kind of freaked and walked around saying the guards are here and all when really it was just my friends mum.. so i continued on with my nigjt had a great time. the next time it happened was when i took 510ug with my freinds and had an outer body experience as i started to peak, i remember running outside and everythint i could see was just flashing blue like flashing blue lights, then i remember seeing the garda cars but the weird part is i never actually saw an guards just the cars, and i remember being fully convinced that we had been caught cos we had weed with us aswell and it was so clear in my head just talking to my friends saying like well we’ve been ripped by the guards and all boys we’ve been caught rapid and stuff like that.. and i only realised the next day that none of it actually happened and i had had an outer body experince. wasn’t even a bad trip or anything i fully enjoyed myself the whole time it was even happening, i guess because it wasn’t actually happening in real life. but anyway i’ve taken acid a lot of times now and i only realised about 3 trips ago (my last 3 trips have been 440ug) when i was sitting in my friends sitting room and looked out his window and could clearly see garda cars and a paddy wagon outside the window.. at this stage i knew they weren’t there and i was kind of starting to realise that this happens regularly.. next trip i was at home and once again i looked out the window and could clearly see the blue lights and garda cars parked outside my house, then again i tripped at home two nights ago and the exact same thing was happening and even sometimes i would look across my room and in a little haze of vision i would see the outline of a garda car, or if i saw like something yellow/blue it would really resemble what a garda car looks like. so as i said it was two trips ago that i finally realised that this must always happen to me when i take a high dose, and i’ve accepted it now and it’s just kind of funny cos it always happens, i just thought it was kind of weird and was wondering if something like this has ever happened to anyone else .