I don’t know who to talk to because I am ashamed but I need to get this off my chest so uh: I’m a moron and compulsively decided to binge adderall and other stimulants for the past two days and I have not slept, drank water, or eaten because I didn’t know how real the effects can be and how invincible I am NOT. Holy shit I’m this moment of analyzing my life I am starting to realize that I self-induced myself into a state of psychosis. I called my best friend and rambled on about the biggest conspiracies about the government, and went on a 4 hour tirade eventually leading up to niallism. I don’t even know if that happened but it feels so vivid and I remember what I said. Then I stared at myself in the mirror for an hour naked and waited every 30 seconds or so to see like flares or little insects running off into where I couldn’t see. When I showered I started to smell smells that weed have never smelled before, like the smell someone’s grandpa that you wish was yours because he gives you like 5$ every time the ice cream truck comes around. I don’t know what I did else until 30 minutes ago when I heard mariachi music downstairs and the sound of my parents voice. I didn’t feel real but I think I talked to them? Oh yeah and I started crying uncontrollably for 1 hour straight because society is one big social hierarchy and true utopian equality is not achievable in our lifetime and the government is simply one big for profit corporation because the nasty human qualities of greed don’t allow anyone to be unbiased and for the benefit of others over themselves with so much power and I life has no meaning. I can hear someone snoring loudly but how. I can’t tell what’s real or not and I’m too nervous to leave my room. I realize how stupid I am for taking my body and health and sanity for granted, and I feel nothing but shame I am going to sleep now and I have learned from my mistakes respect yourself you moron.  I am going to sleep now and hopefully I’ll be better in the morning also I ate an apple. I know the me from the future will delete this post and I hope they remember the fear that caused you to think straight. Buenas Novhes.