I made a kanna nasal spray and had a pretty great time with it. Here is how I did it and what it was like. I planned a seed, grew the plant, and harvested all parts of the plant. I chopped the plant material into very fine pieces and sealed them in a glass jar. Left it alone to ferment for a moth or so, burping it every couple of days. Then I took the lid off and allowed the material to dry inside the jar for a couple weeks. Once it was dry I added a bit of lemon juice and vodka to rewet the material and make it acidic. I sealed the jar again and left it for a couple more weeks. I then proceeded to dry the material inside the jar the same way as before. Once it was dry I ground the material in a mortar and sealed it back in the jar. I then moved and lost it in the move for almost a year. I found it! Then I filled the jar with vodka again and let it soak for 3 days. I heated the material and vodka inside of the jar to increase the solubility of the chemicals inside. I used gravity filtration through a coffee filter twice. I then placed the brown solution back into the jar and evaporated the vodka out at 200°F and was left with a brown and yellow substance was left. It was mostly dry and crumbly, but there was a bit of oily residue mixed in. I reconstituted the material with warm water and it dissolved quite easily. There was some black solid precipitate that refused to dissolve. I ran it through a coffee filter once more and then placed the brown solution into a spray bottle. I added a few mL of water to dilute it for fear of something bad happening because of too high concentration or something. I proceeded to spray one spray in each nostrils every 5 min or so. At 10 sprays I was having a great time, reminiscent of cocaine. I was very social and chatty, I had some stimulation and energy increase. I felt my heart rate increase and I began perspiring at one point. The euphoria was decent at this point, I was enjoying myself at this point quite a lot. I smoked some cannabis and the kanna intensified the cannabis by about double. The euphoria intensified to the point where it was almost as good as a moderate dose of cocaine at one point. I ended up doing 4 more spray after the cannabis. After about 45 min from my last spray in the nose, I was coming down to almost baseline. This is where I have to stop. At this point I starting doing lines of cocaine for the rest of the night. The only negatives from the experience was the taste wasn’t great, but better that coke. It was intense going it but it dulled out quickly and didn’t hurt at all after a few min, not as painful as a coke comedown. It made me sneeze a couple of times and it made me produce a lot of mucus when the material was in my nose, once you blow it out the mucus production stops. That’s all the negatives I experienced while on it. Overall I’d give it a 9/10. When I make it again I would like to make a larger batch, use a better solvent, and make it more concentrated for less sprays. I hope this was interesting or inspires someone to do the same.