I need help and I know that means you need details. It all started sometime last week I'm not sure what exactly has triggered this all but I'll try my best to explain and I will answer any questions. So sometime in the last week my boyfriend who I'll refer to as L, started taking caffeine pills in secret. He stopped sleeping for a few days and had begun saying very strange things, things like demons were coming to kill us, or a certain famous person was talking to him in his head and was going to bring him guns so he could make sure he could defend himself. This and so many other strange things were happening but all of us in the house were very confused and didn't know exactly what to do. By Tuesday he had gotten pretty bad and was rambling to himself while chain-smoking cigarettes, we had found out on this day that he had been taking the caffeine pills and knew we had to try to settle him in for some good sleep that night. I kissed him and rolled over and let him know that I wasn't going to sleep until I knew he was sleeping (obviously because he's been up for days and I knew if I fell asleep first he would get up and be up all night again) while I was laying there relaxing waiting for him to sleep he began saying off the wall things like, I know what you're doing, you're not going to win, and more that I honestly can't remember. I began crying because I was pretty frightened and that's when he jumped out of bed and grabbed his knife. In that moment I didn't recognize the man I have woken up to everyday for 3 years, he looked at me and said if you don't stop crying I'm going to stab you. I freaked out and ran into his mother's room, I didn't sleep that night..  his mother and sister managed to get him to go to sleep(tho he should've gone to the hospital right then) the next morning he woke up and was still losing it, he kept screaming at me to get out, go to sleep or die. His mother and sister took him to the hospital and I packed my things and went to my mother's. I know this is a long read so thank you to everyone who has taken the time. There is a lot more to this story so I may do a part 2 but for know I just need advice. I love this man but I am terrified of him now. I know this isn't his fault but I can't stop thinking about what could've happened to me if we were alone... Please help Reddit...