I know I've posted on here about this before and thanks for those who replied to my message. Sorry for not responding to some of them my phone had notifs off n I forgot about them until now. I feel horrible. Like I can't see the point in continuing with my life. The thought of being seen in this way by everyone around me for the rest of my life is too much. I wish I would have gotten help sooner in my childhood but of course I didn't know about the problems until I look back... My whole life is ruined. Even if im doing better now in terms of psychotic symptoms. I still live my days compulsively obsessing over my past, weird things I did when I was sick and how I've affected things/people including myself too. Unresolved trauma I have nightmares I can't escape it. My existence is just an embarrassment... Nobody will ever be able to respect me and why should they? I'm not even human. The only thing that was keeping me motivated to get up abd keep going to work was that I am saving up for a cosmetic surgery... Which now I'm starting to belive is just a part of an obsession I have about a deformity that does not exist apparently. So even something I thought was positive is just  turns out to be another example of how fucked my brain is. I'm terrified of doing anything because I don't want people to know me. I am past the point of thinking of whose fault it is that nobody recognized my obvious symptoms as a child because it's POINTLESS. I'm already ruined and my life has absolutely zero value. It's only suffering and stupid meaningless. I found out that my Dr had not put in a referral for some therapy I needed even tjo he said he would and I watched him write it down in front of me... So have been waiting all these months for nothing. Why don't i matter? Do you think it's because they don't see the point in treating me? How can anything possibly get better from here? I don't want to be seen as the insane person but that can never happen. I will never be able to be normal or not feared by others. I didn't know what I was doing when I was sick but now I have clarity I hate myself so much I am actually disgusting I'm ashamed of my existence. I wish I could push past that natural instinct and commit suicide but I don't have the will power. I cannot even do that. Do not have friends now I didn't really get chance to make many when I was sick and the ones I had left because they didn't know how to deal with me. I am feeling so alone all the time... Idk why I'm posting here. I guess because someone here might understand. Possibly someone can even give me some hope that life after this disgusting illness is even worth it. But I don't know it's too difficult to see