honestly there’s gotta be someone out there that feels this way too and i have no idea who to tell because everyone is taking it so seriously. when the virus first got like serious i wasn’t afraid of getting sick and i’m still not afraid of getting sick. the news makes everything sound so bad but i avoid the news because it does feed negative energy and i don’t think it would be wise to get caught up in all of this. i don’t think it’s denial there’s just something so deep inside me that feels like COVID19 isn’t as bad as they’re saying it is and i feel heartless saying this because there are so many amazing doctors doing amazing things and i would never want to disrespect them and i appreciate all they’re doing but i can’t shake the feeling of almost anger and i feel it toward the virus but maybe it’s what’s behind it? i feel like someone is unrightfully locking us into cages using fear but it’s like everyone else walks in just fine and easy but i feel like i’m awake?? and i’m more upset that civilization isn’t communicating face to face anymore and the all around fear is weighing on everyone. it feels like someone or something is trying to prevent us from growing but there’s also something working in our favour? this makes me appreciate what we had so much more and i realize how much we take life for granted but maybe i’m just impatient because i already got the memo. i had such good thoughts for this year and it was going uphill for me and now globally everyone is struggling and it feels like i’m in a dream or something like the only person awake just wanting to shake everyone up but i know i’m not the only one but us being locked away in our houses is almost like a way to make us feel alone? so the more of us who are able to wake up and be positive maybe we can push away the fear that this virus is causing. the virus isn’t the dangerous thing, it’s what we start to manifest and whoever is behind darkness knows that. i have no idea if it makes any sense but i’m not concerned about the virus i’m concerned about not being able to feel free anymore because we are now caged animals