In July 2018 I care home from dinner and my neighbor asked me if I wanted to come smoke marijuana with her. I put my kids (6 and 1.5 at the time) to bed and told my bf I would be back in a while. She gave me my own blunt and smoked her own. I do not remember anything from my first couple hits until about 11:30 the next morning. I remember video chatting with my bf on Snapchat while he was at work. I believed he was going to ask me to marry him. I believed my moms bf was going to propose as well. I texted everyone in my phone nonsense. Next thing I remember was walking down my apartment stares with my youngest. I knocked on my other neighbors door and pushed her through the door. Me and that neighbor have only said hi and bye to each other she doesn’t know English. I believed that since she had two sons she deserved a daughter. Next thing I remember is standing in the middle of the living room looking out the sliding glass doors and my sister (13) freaking out asking me where the baby was I was replying to her in my head but not my mouth. Then I was standing outside with my baby in my arms talking to my neighbor and her friend and my mom came out of no where and told me to go inside because me and the baby where covered in sweat. She also asked me what I was wearing (pickle Rick shirt and boxer briefs nothing else) I never leave my room without a bra. She took the baby and walked up the stairs. She stepped out my apartment and told me to come inside now. I looked at my neighbors and said “who’s mom is that” then when I got in the apartment she was asking me what I took but I was more upset that she didn’t like my outfit. I took off my shirt and threw it at her. She was on the phone I asked her who she was talking to she ignored me. I rushed her and punched her as hard as I could in the face many times some how she got out the apartment and I threw her against the wall outside took the phone and hung up. (Still without a shirt or bra) then I remember a very dominant voice telling me to put my shirt on. I followed directions and I noticed it was a police officer. He started asking me if I was on any drugs I jokingly told him the only drug I was on was weed and hit his shoulder. Next thing I know I’m face down in my couch being arrested (triggered my rape) Next I’m sitting in the car very hot and I believed my youngest was with me. I was trying to get the cops attention (about 6 cops) because the car was off and it was at least 115 outside. I had no other choice then to bang my head repeatedly until they opened the door. The cop told me to stop my shit and I yelled that the car was off and they where doing to kill my baby. Next I was brought to a open cell they took off the handcuffs. I drank so much water that I felt very sick. I was trying to talk to the cops that I was sick and I believed I was at a deportation center. I started yelling that I’m American and I have my social at home next I’m talking to a very rude lady and I cannot process what she was trying to ask me. I believed my bfs mom was one of the workers. Then I was told to walk past a bunch of guys and sit next to a lady. I was upset because no one would tell me why I was there (still believing I was being deported) then me and the lady where brought into this hall way to be searched. I asked the cop to not touch my boobs and she still did it (her job) but she also ran her hands up my legs (I was wearing boxers) then I was put in a disgusting cell by myself without a working phone ( or I couldn’t figure it out) I started hearing a voice that disguised itself to be my dad mom and oldest. I was trying to get cops attention to ask them why I was there. They all ignored me. Then a heard a bunch of people I noticed they where the guys from the other room with more cops. I took off my shirt and stood in front of the window. The guys acted like they never saw boobs before. One of the cops got upset and put a bag over my window. That set me off so I laid on that dirty ass floor and kicked the door telling them I was going to kill myself. I was stripped completely necked and put on suicide watch with nothing but a blanket. That’s when the shadow people came. It was my mom sister and both my daughters. I talked to them and cuddled my youngest. Out of no where they opened the cell and told me I was being released. They took my finger prints and swobbed my mouth and sent me away. I was in the middle of downtown. I’m done with this part I’ll come back thanks for reading