So I’ll start really far back. I’m 22 now. When I was 15 years old, I started smoking weed, and of course like the majority, I fell in love. Still smoke to this day and probably more than I should. The next year I got my hands on magic mushrooms, being the dumb kid I was I took 12grams and had an insanely life changing experience. Though it didn’t mean anything to me at the time.. I just thought I had a really fucked up night. I think back on it being one of the most important times of my life. I won’t get into that though. Years later, age 17, I found a hookup and I did them a few times a year until I was about 19. I made a friend that ordered acid off the internet. So once that came into grasp I did acid every weekend, taking a weekend off every once in a while. I dove into meditation, as well as shaman practices and Buddhism. It was great fun, but as you can expect my perspective on everything in life has shifted, I don’t see things like others do. Except for maybe members of this group. More recently this year I am back to doing high doses 3 times a year. Now here is my issue... being this “awake” as some say, or having my third eye open has caused me to have some sort of constant anxiety. When I say anxiety, I don’t mean the usual kind. This kind comes from me being mindful, as weird as this sounds. I’m constantly thinking and knowing that I am everyone and that everyone is me, it makes my empathy go through the roof, I often cry now when I never used to due to empathy. Not that this is a bad thing, but I’m also more mindful of my happiness. This really makes me realize how much I get in the way of my own happiness and that is probably the most strenuous part. I fully realize what would make me happy in life, but I also realize the things stopping me from doing these things. It’s so hard to get by a lot of this stuff that I can’t make myself happy. I know that sounds dumb but it’s really how I feel. I have all these dreams, like probably more dreams than a lot of people. But I have a really shitty well paying job that I’m stuck in. I wanna live across the world and experience life in other countries, but I can’t do that cause of work and my girlfriend that I’m committed to. I can’t even apply at other places across the world because that would involve me forcing my girlfriend to another country with me. I want to do so much for myself and I know that sounds bad, but I really can’t because I have to think about more than myself, and I mean I want to think about more than myself, but it still kills knowing that I can’t go experience everything I want to in this lifetime. As much as I truly believe there will be other lifetimes to finish my experience, I just have this one life to experience these things with these very people and these very conditions. I’m constantly feeling overwhelmed and like I’m running out of time, if anyone can relate to me please leave a comment at least and let me know. Any advice for this would be great and helpful, or even just knowing that someone else out there feels like this could help, thanks guys! I know there is a whole lot more to this feeling but I just can’t put it into words yet...