Okay guys, I need your help. I am a 19F Pisces sun, Taurus moon, Cancer rising and after experimenting with psychedelics, getting extremely in touch with the spiritual world, and pursuing various forms of mindfulness and meditation multiple times a day, I have noticed I’ve started having visions of the future. I’ve also experienced other psychic abilities, like being able to read someones mind, being able to send my spirit to them & them be able to feel it, and my dreams have turned from being disorganized and chaotic to being informative and true-to-life & i’m completely aware of everything happening in them. Those are just some small examples of some of the things I’ve been able to tap into. I was given a vision in which my college roommate was pregnant with twins but the son passed away (which came true), i’ve been sent dreams about various people in my life and the next day or very shortly after, phrases from the dream that I would hear them say (i.e., “i’m worried for you” or “i care for you” or “i’d never want to hurt you”) would be repeated VERBATIM. I trust my intuition and my higher being & I are good friends... However now I’m getting visions of my mother dying at the end of this week. I jumped in my car last night at around midnight and drove nine hours home. When I came home I was put into a very deep sleep that I didn’t plan on lasting as long as it did. I woke up, did some meditating, and saw these visions of my mother collapsing at dinner tonight, I saw myself with her in the ER waiting room, I saw her crying and holding my hand and I heard her whisper “thank you” in my ear, and I saw her pass away in the bed I was sitting next to on this upcoming Friday. She is very sick right now with influenza & since she is a registered nurse & works on a critical care unit she cannot take days off. We live in a very large metropolitan area where coronavirus has begun to affect us & my gut is telling me she has come into contact with it and its going to be what takes her breath away from her body. I keep asking the spiritual world for reassurance that this is something I’m truly experiencing and all the signs point to yes. But I’m so, so scared and overwhelmed. Predicting other peoples’ future is a lot easier & a lot less emotionally taxing. This had me questioning last night if I’ve gotten myself in too deep. I just need some help/advice/insight, friends. How do you guys trust something that is so overwhelming and so physically uncertain?? My physical body and spiritual body are good friends but they’re almost in a disagreement with one another right now. Anything helps!!