I think if done correctly it will be good for the game. I understand why people think this will invalidate stats or ruin what PUBG is about, which again is why I say that this decision being good or bad is dependent on how the bots are implemented. Like how many bots are going to be in a game at the lowest MMR skill range? 15-20 is a pretty good amount for that range, (keep in mind many players will get out of this MMR very fast and the number of bots is dependent on your region and player skill). Too many bots in the games would indeed be very bad. Also I would hope that the bots can be programmed to have various skill levels, and when you go up in MMR the bots get a little better. You used to be able to start up a custom game on COD and throw bots in with a certain difficulty and the skill level of the bots was very noticeable, so hopefully, PUBG can sort of do this, the bots can't be so insane though where they just murder the high skill players.  Let us talk about the potential bots that can add to the game. I see people on Reddit complain about map selection all the time, bots can potentially allow for some kind of map selection. Also, people want ranked mode for something to grind for, with the player base decreasing bots may be the only way to allow for a competent ranked mode (NO BOTS WILL BE IN RANKED) but to split the queue from casual and ranked the bots will be somewhat needed for the casual side (I'm not sure why the casual mode has MMR currently if ranked is coming) Also map selection possibilities could take a hit with the addition of a Ranked mode but maybe not (this is dependent on how many bots are in games). Plus we may see higher player retention if the new players are not just getting smacked around.  I also feel that this kind of thing should be tested in customs first, but it needs more feedback than customs would give so they are kind of forced to just dump it into public matches. That being said though I fully hope we get the option to start custom games with bots and be able to change the difficulty of them for practice.