Stop buying medical equipment such surgical masks, gloves, etc. Health and medical professionals are the ones in real danger here not (most of) you and they are running short on equipment. Some have even become sick with said virus due to being unable to properly protect themselves. The covid19 virus as a mortality rate of 2% WITHOUT a cure or vaccine. A whole country is under quarantine, people from cruise ships are under quarantine,  citizens who visited china anytime after november of 2019 to the present are underquaruntine. Yes you should be alert but you should not panic. You are safe. All the fancy labels you are hearing about the covid19 are there for agencies like the CDC to legally and actively pursue a vaccine as well as receive financial support to do so. In the mean time studies are currently being performed where in controlled environments where they are testing if other medicarions are working on said virus. The reason for the increase in infections and deaths are bc in china they are running out of testing kits and are starting to diagnose ANYONE with symptoms or who have come into contact with others that are diagnosed. It is likely that many of these people dont have covid19. There are better resources out there to get ACCURATE information WITHOUT fear mongering. If you are looking for sources that are condenced I recomend youtuber Dr. Mike. He has been making videos with updates on covid19 and has the links to some of his resources in the discriptions of said videos. Thats actually where I discovered most of the information I posted here lol. So if youre still afraid, what can you do? If you afraid you have the covid19 virus call your doctors office ahead of time so they can prepare the wait area and go in to get seen by your doctor. They will instruct you what to do from there. Okay so you did that already or you dont think you have it but are still afraid. Then cover your coughs and sneezes, wash your hands with warm water past the wrist for 30 seconds when the need arises and more frequently (this includes handling packages, before preparing meals, etc). Lastly, do not panic. These articles and websites that are fear mongering you are making money off of your anxiety. You are okay. Anyway I hope you have a nice day out there and be safe. Cz I'm low key annoyed by people telling other people to be afraid when fear creates chaos and idle hands. If you have further questions ask your medical professionals bc in am not one and everything i know is through self education.