Hi everyone, first of all I'd like to thank you all for the amazing support of this amazing community. Reading your posts and sometimes posting myself is the only thing keeping me sane in the first insane weeks with my puppy. Annie is an 11wo Lab mix and she's been with me for almost 3 weeks now. First days have been chaotic as hell. I thought I was prepared (I had done A LOT of research). I was not. I was totally unprepared for sleep deprivation, constant attention seeking, need of non-stop supervision. It took some days to accept the enormous change in my routine caused by that little fur monster. Two and a half weeks later, I have to say she's made impressive progress: knows basic commands, is mastering potty training, acts more confident around new people and sleeps at least 6 hours during the night without waking up. I love her to pieces, but I'm also very tired. I used to sleep 8-9 hours every night. I'm an introvert and I miss my alone quiet time (I'm squeezing in work when she's napping). Being quarantined surely doesn't help. Half of my family is still able to go to work so a lot of times I'm alone with her and I'm constantly anxious about her, even when she's sleeping. This morning she's driving me crazy. She's clearly overtired but won't sleep. We were going so well with our established routine, yesterday was her first day with no potty accidents inside! But today everything seems to have been thrown out of the window. She's demanding my undivided attention at every moment, otherwise will go crazy. I'm trying to ignore her crying but I also don't want to lose important hints from her - like, a hint that she needs to go potty (she once pooped inside because I ignored her after taking her out 3 times in a row with her just wanting to play - I thought she didn't really need to go). I don't want to regress on potty training and I also want her to feel safe and to trust our communication. I'm in a very bad mood when I don't sleep enough and I'm trying so hard not to lose my patience. I don't know, I'd appreciate so much some words of support from you - not really looking for suggestions, I already know what to do, I just need some encouragement to keep up with what I'm doing.