My dog, Fluffy passed away last month. He was my literal everything. I had to put him down due to prostate cancer and other problems. I have been an absolute wreck and my boyfriend was worried about me. He proceeded by getting me a Shiba Inu puppy. He said he knew I wasn’t ready but that it would help me heal. He already had the puppy so I went ahead and kept it but I cried a lot because I knew that this puppy would overwhelm me and because I was simply not ready. After losing fluffy I am dreading losing more the pain is honestly just so much that I don’t know if I can go through it again. We live together so it’s our dog, but I do most of the cleaning, training, etc. My shih tzu was elderly. He was wearing diapers, needed eye drops and medicine daily, baths every three days, and had problems holding in pee and poop so I cleaned after him everyday. I didn’t mind that because he was my dog that I had since I was 9 years old and I was just used to it. I am now having to take care of this puppy and I feel so much dread just looking at her. I don’t have a connection with her, and even having contact with her reminds me that my other dog passed away. I don’t have any plans of giving her away, but I am having problems getting used to having her as well as having to go through the entire training process again. I don’t feel like picking up after another dog and if I’m being entirely honest a shiba would not have been my first choice. I know they are very aloof and don’t train very well. She doesn’t listen and runs away as well as bites everything. Since getting her a week ago, she has already destroyed an extension cable, a phone charger, and a vacuum. She also goes all over the house and avoids the puppy pads. I didn’t have this problem with my nearly one year old corgi. He was much easier and I felt that instant love as soon as I got him. I got him before my other dog passed away and I love him but I feel wrong for loving my corgi but not the shiba. It’s like it feels wrong, but I know that Fluffy is never going to come back so I have to accept it. How do I force myself to connect with this puppy without the constant reminder that my other dog is gone? I don’t want to give her away as I know that is unethical and I am perfectly capable of giving her an amazing life but I just feel like I am not there yet. I would do anything to feel that love but everything she does irritates me. I tried to take her on a walk today and she refused to walk. It annoyed me so bad that I just brought her inside and put her in the kennel. I feel like a horrible person but I don’t know what to do. Please don’t judge me that hard, I’ve been through a lot and I have two other cats that I love and I  believe in keeping an animal for life so I know that I have to learn to love her no matter what. I wouldn’t be able to forgive myself if I didn’t.