So me and my husband have been talking about getting a dog for the pass three years. He thought it would be great for me to help my anxiety and coping with be home alone when he works overnight. We originally was going to adopted from the humane society but I wanted a dog a little young with a lot less baggage so to say. So we were excited to find out the one of my co-worker Great Pyrenees/German Shepard mix was pregnant and that he would give us a puppy for free. The puppies were born December 18 2019 and we were so excited. I would consistently ask for updates and pictures and I started buying everything to prepare for our new arrivals to the family. So 4weeks pass and it feel like an entity til they are ready to come home until one day I get a text from my co-worker say he was bringing them over so I can pick which one I wanted. I didn’t object because I thought it was going to be just that I would pick my pup and then he would take them back until they were older. But that was not the case lacking knowledge and unaware of what was happening I ended up with the puppy that same day. He had told me that mom had already stop feeding them and that they had been eating hard food. In my mind I’m like okay she can eat hard food now so week should be good but like I said I never had a puppy and I didn’t know that there was still a lot for them to learn from their moms. I knew that puppies could be rehome as early as 6 weeks but didn’t really know why they stay till 7-8 weeks. So here I am with this nearly 5 week puppy and a day has gone by. I immediately noticed that she had a flea problem so the first thing I did was get her a vet appointment to get that cleared up. After doing so I started to take her up to my campus to meet people because I was told that early socialization was good for the pup. But I was not prepared for people to ask me her age and how long I had her. I started to notice the looks, after that I decided to do some research and I started to see all these documents about why it is bad to separate the puppies to soon. I started to panic  I had already started the process of getting her fleas cleared up and her first round of shots but I was starting to worry about thing like biting inhibition and other things. So we decided maybe it would be best to get another puppy so she could still learn some stuff so we were going to get one of her brothers but I then found out that the breeder have gave them all away to one guy and he sold them all for $100. So then I started worrying and wondering if I could put her back with her mom for a week or two but I didn’t know how that would go since she is now 7 weeks old and approaching that age where she would already have been re homed by now. However, I was wondering if scheduling regular play dates with her and her mom until she is old enough to go to puppy class is a good or even safe idea? I start training her day one so she know her name and how to sit, go down and come when called. However, she is horrible on leash growls,barks, lungs and bites me. But when she meet other people or her doctor at the vet she is completely different minus the inappropriate greet behavior she is a angel. She does not do these thing with my husband either.