How do men who dont enjoy sex without emotional connection or chemistry, or have low libidos cope with a sexual market where youre losing potential mate matches and lowering your worth in the sexual hierarchy by not "playing the field" and proving your sexual worth to prospective women by way of sexual conquest? Do you feel pressure to conform to the expectations of masculinity where youre constantly told that your feelings about sex and relationships automatically makes you a lesser man by both men and women? Personally, Ive either felt disgusted or indifferent to most casual sexual encounters, and I now realise I need a certain type of woman and I need to have feeling for this type of woman, to have lust towards them to make sex enjoyable, and not just a disappointing and awkward two way masturbation session that tends to last longer than usual because Im so turned off by the situation. Some of the few women Ive had sex with have told me that lasting long was great, but they didnt realise that I only last long because Im not that stimulated and the sex wasnt enjoyable enough for me to cum. I now wait atleast a few weeks during dating , so I could know the girl before committing to having sex with her. Ive even rejected advances from some average looking women at work, which has led to many of my male and female colleagues believing that I may be gay. Im kind of approaching a similar problem to most women where Im just too picky or couldnt be motivated enough to "try to play the field" because the conditions and the situation have to be just right for sex to be enjoyable, and its leaving me with less option and less masculine tokens to signal to prospective women I may be interested in that Im worth their time when Im going through long sexless spells. But the great thing is, when the spark happens, I take joy and cherish their company and Im super committed to a lovers sexual satisfaction because it feels good to pleasure someone you truly connect with. I know I should probably man up, and deal with the drawbacks of male expectations but Im just wondering if other guys face similar problems, or am I just weird? I also enjoy kissing and touching more than sex. I feel like a lesbian stuck in a mans body.