Prehistory: Before I completely relaxed, I sat at home all the time, but I could think analytically (and did it often) (constantly messing around with programs on my computer, reflexing, not reading very much), but I felt that it was getting harder , and in a day: the day thoughts flow very abundantly and quickly, the next day dumb and lack of thoughts, reduced self-control. + it was still very difficult to fall asleep. I studied the sources and decided that I needed to relax for a long time (before that I was relaxing, but not so much and for a long time). “For weeks I didn’t strain myself at all. In nothing. And it only got worse: I completely forgot how to think logically, analytically, I began to think only intuitively, I can’t plan, I’m too lazy to think and do anything, very poor self-control (t. I can’t understand what I’m trying to achieve), the requirements for myself have decreased, it has become difficult to predict the consequences. I began to do those things that I would not have done before, began to poorly understand what I had read. Before this BIG REST, I apparently did not really consciously strain myself, because always fell asleep with difficulty but got up (even after 2 hours of sleep) without difficulty, I could force myself to do all the difficult and not difficult exercises, I constantly thought. Now I get up harder, but fall asleep easier. What should I do to relax or, on the contrary, strain again? Why is this all? It’s worth mentioning: 1) I I didn’t plow like a horse and did not lead an active life, but I didn’t completely relax, I turned on my brains often, but not so much for work or study, but for myself, reflection, amateur programs on my computer, finding relationships and reasons (thinking) about what my life does not particularly affect. 2) a week ago I began to read regularly Assic literature. Now it is getting harder than at the beginning. + The more volitional effort is made, the harder it is given to me next time 3) DO NOT pay attention to how much I wrote, I was very lazy  and wrote through force (this is the only thing I can force myself to do) if only there was at least some opportunity to learn more about the problem.