So little of my history is ive struggled w everything on and off from a very young age. Kratoms been a recent development. Last time i quit i only used for about 2 months pretty heavily and cold turkey was miserable. Couldnt sleep, no drive for life, isolation, all that fun stuff. Since then i can quit for a couple days but then im back drinking, or on sub, nerds, pheninut, speed, whatever. I just am realizing i cant just "dabble" cuz anything restarts the cycle again. My plan here is though, as of right now i am about 60 hours kratom free. I have about 3 .1mg doses of suboxone and some klonopin. I also have a couple phenobarbital and some natural herbs and supplements such as magnesium glycinate, cannabis butter, bacopa, chaga, l theanine, ksm-66 ashwagandha root, and lots of good teas such as tulsi and what not. I also have psilocin and lions mane and niacin for the staments microdosing protocol but i figured since im using low dose benzos for the acute withdrawals i should probably skip micro dosing until i am clean again. Anyways. So my plan is to take .5mg kpin, l theanine, ashwagandha, and chaga tea upon wakening. Let that all absorb and then have a nice nutritious meal and take my magnesium and bacopa and vitamin d3. Get thru the day staying hydrated and drink teas ot l theanine/ashwagandha as needed. Then w final meal of tje day take the rest of the magnesium,bacopa,d3 & wait as long as i can before bed to take the other .5mg kpin. So rinse and repeat on that for about another 5-6 days. Like i said i am taking about .1-.15 of a sub strip every 2 days at night. This whole idea is to be not miserable and get sleep snd kinda cycle thru to make the final leap easier. So thats the first week, then the subs/opioids in general are done. Next i was going to keep doing the .5mg kpin x2, magnesium, bacopa, d3, whatnot but start taking some kava. Got about 3 days worth of that. So were at about day 10. After that, stop the kpins and take phenobarbital for 3 days for whatever possible rebound or effects that could have because the kpins are the last to go. So thats my 14 day plan, and i intend to quit tobacco products in that time too. I intend on sticking with the cannabutter,magnesium,bacopa,l theanine and all that stuff after the fact and intend on microdosing once my body is properly cleansed of anything negative. Im open to suggestion.. This is just some knowledge and research ive picked up along the way and deciding to use it to my advantage so i can make this final leap and stick with it, cuz addiction has had me by the balls since i was 12 years old. Im finally confident by the grace of God and knowledge i have of the body and brain and holistic/alternative medicines thats i can do this and really stick with it. I had a good bout of sobriety and i lacked in the boundaries department and all it took was a bad week and "just once" and its been on and off consistently always something since then. I am over it. Please if there is any tips or anything please let me know and please pray/send positive vibes/whatever my way!! Thank you!! Btw ive been an avid reddit fan for YEARS and somehow FINALLY just made an account to post this. Lol :)