It's been pretty rough these last three days, but I'm definitely feeling a lot better starting day 4 than I did in day 2.... I've heard that after day 4 I'll feel a lot better so I'm looking forward to tomorrow. The main symptoms still lingering are anxiety, a really tight stomach, and RLS. I don't feel that awful tingly/dissociated feeling anymore thank god. I've been doing kratom for 4 years, and I've stopped cold turkey twice before but the withdrawal symptoms were nowhere near as bad as this time around. I was doing around 30 grams a day up until this Saturday, and I know the two times I quit before I wasn't doing as much. I wanted to post my experience here because I've been really uncomfortable for a few days now, and coming to this subreddit has been one of the few comforts I've found. So thank you all for keeping this community so active during this time because I highly doubt I'm the only one who's using this quarantine to quit. I also wanted to see how many other people decided to do the same as me because of quarantine. These last two months I've been trying to taper off kratom, but I kept going back to my old habits. When I heard that here in Hawaii, all businesses would be closed (except for essential services) I saw it as a great opportunity to force myself to get this over with. I wouldn't have to worry about working while experiencing these symptoms. I purposely didn't stock up on kratom to "taper off of it" because I knew I would just use it like I regularly do when I have nothing to do all day. The one thing that I hope I can do is sleep. I've never taken so much melatonin every night, and for some reason going to sleep is the one thing that hasn't gotten easier. Are there any vitamins or drugs I can take that aren't addictive to help with sleep and RLS? I'm really tired of being so exhausted, and still unable to sleep. I suppose worst case I hang on for a couple more days, but wanted to ask before I commit to that (and also because its 1 in the morning and I'm exhausted lol). Once again thank you for still being active during this time! I know there must be others who need to read about getting through this experience to make it through their own.