Alright y’all, do a little history, I’m 30 yrs old and was prescribed adderal, clonazepam, lamatrogine, and lithium for over 10 years. The past 90 days were the hardest of my life, I cold turkeyed all of these medications and went through insane benzo withdrawal syndrome. That is another story, but I successfully came off. Month 1 was literal hell and I started returning to somewhat normal after 60. 2 weeks ago I decided to try kratom. I loved it and it made me feel better than I have felt for years. My tolerance was very high from the beginning, and it took at least 15 grams to feel great. I’ve tried every drug and was shocked at how amazing this one was. I told myself I would stop after a couple weeks, so on Wednesday I took my last dose at night. To my horror, I started feeling horrible on Thursday. I didn’t sleep Thursday or Friday night, and today went and bought more. I know but I just had to sleep. I’m not a bitch but on Friday I was in tears lol, my bones hurt and I felt really depressed. I was shocked at how I was able to get physically addicted after onky 2 weeks of use. I feel like if I had just suffered through day 3 I might have been fine by Monday. I told myself I would try to taper a little but took like 40 grams yesterday. Is it normal to get addicted so quickly, and do y’all think it will take an entire 8 days to come off of a 2 week habit? I was honestly very surprised at the intensity of WithD after such short use. I love the drug and I’ve felt more stable and normal than I have in years on it, I just know better. I’m a psychology major with lots of experience with pharmacology and biochemistry. When I read this site I was like oh fuck here we go! I can obviously endure it, I mean there is nothing like the he’ll of benzo withdrawal (experience 100+ side effects and almost died CT. My blood pressure was 150/100 for 2 months and heart rate did t go below 90 for 2 months, had a seizure and a lot more, literally sweat that hell out for 60 days, so I know I can endure a week or so of this if I have to).