Nothing that I could write hasn’t been said here thousands of times over and I’ve always been critical of posts that read like this. But I’m trying something different so I’ll suspend my judgement of myself and start with the obligatory background. It’s 1am and I’ve just completed my second day(a sleepless 48 hours) of cold turkey after at least four years of daily kratom use. I’ve had only two isolated days in that time where I chose not to take any, and one period where I was in another country and was forced to go without for three days because I couldn’t find any, and believe me I looked. I suppose I want to discuss my disbelief and perhaps confess in a sense. I can’t believe how terrible I feel. I can’t believe how much money I’ve spent. I can’t believe the time I’ve wasted. I can’t believe how much of life I’ve organized around this habit. I can’t believe how embarrassed and ashamed I am for becoming so shockingly addicted. And on and on. I’m in a state of utter disbelief, and obviously have been for a long time if I could ignore all the problems surrounding my habit as though I didn’t believe any of them to be real, destructive, or so obvious. I don’t allow myself to look in a mirror any longer than necessary because I don’t believe what I see, and haven’t for a couple years now. I haven’t gotten a “high” off this shit for years at this point; 60-80 grams per day as maintenance is so unbelievably pointless. I have no sex drive or social life, yet a beautiful wife and longtime circle of close friends and family, all of whom I lie to so easily and with such regularity I’m hardly aware of it. I easily lose site of goals and achieve little and let people down, though I told myself I started taking kratom to get things done. And most importantly, I cannot believe I thought that all that shit I wrote above was better than dealing with this withdrawal I’m in now. I have diarrhea, nonstop sneezing, can’t sleep, my body aches and tingles, I have cold sweats, irritability, all the symptoms with which you’re all too familiar. And those symptoms, as awful as they are, seem pretty fucking manageable compared to all the problems, stress, and heartache I’ve managed for four years just to keep kratom in my system and easily accessible. If I had never taken this or any drug, and you asked me if I’d rather be sick and depressed and exhausted for a few weeks or months, or deal with all the problems I’ve regularly caused over this addiction(that I can even remember) there’s no question I’d choose this withdrawal over all the rest. I just can’t believe what I’ve traded for such a shitty escape for so long. Thanks for reading. I don’t need tons of validating or encouragement, just the outlet.