Hi all. I am new on here and looking for advice or tips to help me with quitting kratom. I quit once before about a year ago. It was terrible. The withdrawals kept me awake and in pain for 36 hours plus and I was a total wreck. It was about day 5 or 6 when I finally felt somewhat okay. And then the depression set in and it was really hard. I am so tired of it though. Once in a while I still get a good high and it feels pretty good especially my first dose in the morning. Most of the other times its so- so and I have to take a lot to even feel anything. If I don't take it I'm uncomfortable in about 6-7 hours. I tried tapering a few months ago and I did not have the self-control to stay with it. Something bad would happen or I just felt bad and felt like I needed to get high. I'm so tired of always feeling like I need to escape my world. Yeah it's not always easy, but that's life for most people and I don't even remember what it was like to feel sober, clear headed, healthy and happy. I tend to drink to much alcohol too which I've been trying to change, but it's not the same as kratom. I don't HAVE to drink. I'm not physically dependant on it. I just like to. And I don't like what it's doing to my life. So.... I'm really wanting to be better and I'm scared. Scared of the withdrawals, scared of relapsing and going through all of that for nothing again. I'm pretty sure though this time that I'd like to get some help from my doctor for the wd. I have talked to him about it already and he started me on buspirone a couple of months ago. Are there any meds that really help with the restless leg or insomnia? I know it's not going to be easy but I'd like to keep myself from relapsing and I really need my sleep. I don't function well at all without it. Also will my withdrawal be worse this time around since I have added another year of daily use? The time I quit before I had taken it for about a year and now it's two or two and a half. I'd appreciate any advice or tips and I thank you kindly.