Hello all. I’m new to the Reddit thing. I’ve been lurking around this sub for the past week. I’m currently in a tough situation involving Kratom. I’ll give a little back story. I’m a recovering addict. Had problems in the past with narcotic pain pills as well as Kratom. Been clean 5+ years. Recently I hurt myself at work. It’s not to severe of an injury but at times can be quite uncomfortable. There’s a chance I may need surgery. I decided about two weeks ago, to use a bit of Kratom to manage not only the pain but the mild depression I was feeling from being injured. I had no intentions of using the Kratom recreationally or long term. I used it for a couple days and stopped. Then again and stopped. After a few more days I used it again. This time it lasted for 6 days. Then I quit for about 40 hours. Started again and have been using it everyday for the past 9 days. Anywhere between 6-12 grams. Bali. I’m very aware now that my addict mind has manipulated me into a situation where I’m using just to use. The mental addiction has blown wide open. The shame, depression, anxiety and fear of detox is strong. I’m not lying to myself anymore, I know this has to stop. I wake up each morning and feel like I’m living a nightmare. I never thought I would be here in this position again. I know I haven’t been using a lot or very long but for whatever reason this shit has got ahold of me again. I’m a very active guy. Have a lot going for me. Wonderful family, live in a beautiful place and enjoy the outdoors a lot. I don’t wanna lose what I’ve worked so hard for. I had the best of intentions when I took that first dose. Avoid painkillers and manage my pain. My addiction didn’t care apparently. I have a plan in place. I’m gonna stop on my last work day this week. That way day 1 will be at work where as day 2-3 I’ll be home. Nobody in my life knows what I’m going through right now as I’m ashamed this happened. Putting it in writing like this is the first step hopefully. I would be grateful for any advice, support, inspiration and help. If anyone out there has experience with a short term relapse I’d appreciate to hear your experience. Thanks guys.