I have a really weird schedule so expect me to sleep for at least 12 hours at a time. Usually in the mornings my time once in a while I'm sleeping by now but I'm pretty much always available unless I'm just spacing out doing my own thing. Right now it's 1 a.m. for me at the time making this post. Let's talk about pretty much anything or everything. I got a lot of stuff going on I really haven't been the best person and I'm into some really weird stuff, so hopefully I can find somebody who is just the same. I've many conditions that I don't really want to go into because I haven't gotten full diagnosis I just go with my family history and avoid the doctor like many Americans. I have physical and mental issues but I'm not looking for someone to rescue me, I'm looking for someone to join me through the failures of life. Possible you don't have any big life plans, just like me. I do have some plans but they're not going to hit me anytime soon and they're just plans and my life's unfortunate. We can have an unfortunate empty life together. Please nothing thirsty, please only message me if you're looking for a really good friendship that's more than just a girlfriend. I mean nasty jokes are fine, those are pretty much inevitable, but no inappropriate pictures. There's literally nothing for us to be fake about because I don't expect anything from you, all the humor or advice should be completely natural and stuff you say should mean something because you're pretty much wasting your own time if not. Pretty much just looking for someone to bulshit around with and make the time pass but in a very special way and long-term. I definitely cannot commit to anything like marriage and I'm definitely not moving out anytime soon so this is going to be all online. I don't expect you to share anything you're not comfortable with about , I won't judge you for any mental problems you have because I'm pretty terrible myself, and in the case where you're trying to start something fresh you don't have to include every single thing, just please be honest with what you do tell me and I'd like to know at least enough about you or your past so I know what to expect if I get serious with you. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm looking for someone to be terrible with but genuinely. Eventually I do want to be your girlfriend but nothing super committed physically, but very committed online. I don't mind if you're in an open relationship as long as you're taking time for me and being genuine to me. Just be careful alongside me and make life tolerable. I have absolutely no type and even your lifestyle or interests are not going to make a difference since this is completely online and the only thing that we have in common is the time, and emotions of course. I will only respond to a few people at a time so I'm not ghosting anybody. Please don't give me a big info dump, send me something genuine and probably as terribly planned as this post so I know that you mean it