I don't usually mind being alone but I have been feeling lonely lately. I'd love to make a long lasting connection with someone who has similar interests, to be friends at first and see where it goes from there. I am ultimately looking for a serious, long term relationship but would like to make sure it’s right by being friends first.
 
I am quieter than most and usually quite reserved, but honest and patient when communicating. I'm mostly very calm and peaceful and try to be as friendly and open minded as possible. I'm easy going but also shy and socially anxious which I'm trying my best to work on improving, it would be great to find someone that is similar in that regard so we could help each other out. I'm hoping to find someone that I can really trust. Someone that is patient and understanding; supportive and compassionate, so that I can reciprocate these things. :) If you’d like a deeper insight into my personality, I am ISFJ.
 
I am 5'9, slim, with brown hair and eyes. I usually stay inside and generally prefer inside activities to outside ones. I also prefer to have a closer, more meaningful relationship with one or two others, rather than having a large social network. I have little experience socially, especially with this, but I'll try my best of course, as long as you can have a little patience and understanding. :)
 
I love PC gaming, open to lots of different games such as any MMO, RPG, co-op or fps. It would be nice to find a gaming partner but it's fine if you're not interested in that. Some of the games I usually go back to are the Bethesda games: Fallout 3/4, Skyrim/Oblivion after a while.  I haven't really been playing any games at the moment, but it would be nice if we could play a multiplayer/co-op game together such as the Borderlands series, or anything else you may have in mind.
 
I also enjoy watching YouTube, movies and TV shows, especially Sci-Fi. A few of my TV favourites are Game of Thrones, Lost, Breaking Bad and Battlestar Galactica; and movies: The Matrix, Lord of the Rings. I've also started to watch some anime shows too which are great. I don't mind listening to a lot of different types of music, from soundtracks and Classical to Electronic and Rock. I like to play the piano occasionally too, if I find a piece of classical music I like. I also like to meditate whenever I feel like it at night.
 
If you are similar to me and think we could get along, please PM me; I would love to get to know you!
 
Here is a picture of me: https://i.imgur.com/FGViqFP.jpg
 
Thank you for your time.