I think it's about time that someone post about this. I know this subject doesn't come up often and I find that to be sad, especially since not too many people even know such thing is possible online but it definitely and I want you to learn how so you could try it for yourself. But first a bit about myself, I just love to teach people new things and make a tutorial. I've wrote some of the best tutorials out there like: How to turn wine into water, How to sing in the shower without embarrassing yourself, How to be successful in life aka don't die bitch!, How to pretend to know shit. Well you get the point and I'm sure you've heard about some (if not all) those tutorials but I'll try to be humble here. Anyway what is a "fish" online? Basically everyone who uses internet IS a fish, For example your grandma posting on Facebook about how much she loves you and how much she's proud of you (even though she is not and just want to pimp you out to her friends) or that kid in your class trying to slide into your DM on Instagram and you are afraid because you are a teacher or some dude reading this post on a Tuesday night and thinking what the fuck is going on here. A fish could be from anywhere and nowhere! Imagine a fish right now sitting drinking Italian wine and Swiss cheese while watching a German movie about an Austrian boy who falls in love with a British girl while studying aboard in Morocco during the time it was under French control and they decide to run away to Spain and they meet an American guy that randomly and I mean REALLY RANDOMLY shows them a picture of his smoking hot ex wife from Sweden and they decide to go there but accidentally go to Finland instead and Russia suddenly invade and they escape to China but Japan suddenly invade so they decide to just go on a last trip to Lebanon and have amazing food there and die of old age. Yeah so what I just wrote is how you imagine fishes online. Now to the part of how to catch them, It's very simple. You can message me to know more info.