I want to roleplay as your long lost witch mother, who was killed by your father. BACKGROUND: I lived in a distant witch village in the hills, your father, a powerful politician abducted me, abused me daily, impregnated me, and after you were born, took me to a jungle and tried to kill me. Since I am a witch, I healed the gunshot wound, somehow survived on scraps for some years, changed my name and identity, got educated, joined the police, and the day you turned 18, I came to ask your help to destroy your father, also since I am a witch, i don't age and look like a 20 something year old. This roleplay will take part in a rural backward type area in UP, you will be an Extremist Leader, I will come to your farmhouse with quite a police force, and show you a video of yourself doing drugs, you will behave like an extreme misogynist all this time. I tell you to close the door and send your men out of the room, you do that, but then you'll try to rape me, but i'll stop you, and chant a mantra, which will make you remember who i am, and what happened to me. We both hatch a plan to destroy your father, i give you some drugs, you hide them in your father's room, i catch him, and get all the credit and some of his fortune, you get all of his money and his position as the party leader. BUT THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN. You take all the credit for catching your father in front of the media, all his money, and the position of the party leader too, you tell everyone that you are going to marry me, bring me to the stage, and humiliate me, people ask since i am a woman, will i change my religion for you, you grab my hair and say, she's a woman, she'll do whatever her man says. On the date of the marriage, you'll make me wear trashy and slutty clothes for all the processions and videotape me, then you'll upload that video on the internet and destroy my reputation, the police will fire me, and the whole country will fap in my name. You'll destroy me mentally, sexually and physically during this whole roleplay too. I am open to almost anything, and you can even physically hurt me and make me bleed, coz i'll heal anyway since i am a witch. I would love if you can do this in hindi, but I am comfy with english too. Please only msg me, if you can do the full roleplay, and do tell if you have any more ideas to destroy me. Also I am not a genetic woman, I am a m2f under transformation.