My life kind of revolves around Coldplay. There isn’t a single day that goes by where I don’t listen to their music. My favorite song and favorite album is always shifting and jumping around, but it never stops. It’s been one of the only constants in my life. I delve deep into a lot of their older live performances, interviews, I have all the EPs and even a lot of the unreleased tracks. I listen to a lot of other music as well; I have about 600 songs on my phone. But Coldplay is very much at the top of my list. I’m more than happy to allow my life to revolve around Coldplay. I love it so much. I’ve been able to connect so deeply with so many of their songs. They’ve helped me to articulate a lot of things that I’ve experienced in my life. They’ve helped me through some spells of severe anxiety and depression. They’ve helped me to gather and compose myself after having been involved in a car accident in which I very easily could have died. Certain songs have the ability to give me an incredible eurphoria. And I know that there are quite a lot of people out there that really hate Coldplay. Having been someone who experienced a lot of bullying growing up and spent way too much time and energy caring about what people think about me and my interests, Coldplay helped me out a lot to stop caring so much. I’m a straight, 23 year old male. My own family thought I was gay and my taste in music probably had something to do with that. A lot of people have told me that Coldplay is girl music and it’s so depressing and miserable, but I feel entirely different about it. The fact that I’m a massive Coldplay fan is one of the things that stands out the most about me. But I’m proud of that. I love Coldplay with all of my heart and soul. I want a Coldplay tattoo so bad, but the only place I would want one is on my forearm and I can’t do that because I’m aspiring to be a commercial airline pilot. The point is, I just really love Coldplay, and I’m curious to know if there’s anyone else out there who feels similarly about them and their music. I actually only really know one other person who kind of likes Coldplay, my cousin, but she doesn’t like them anywhere near as much as I do. I would love to become a regular on here and talk to other hardcore Coldplay fans! I’ve never really been able to do that.