Tried randonauting for the first time today with my cousin driving. We are offical believers. First place was weird because we had no idea what we were doing. Focused on a woman in a pink shirt and haunted, creepy places. Literally said these words out loud to each other. (We randomly drive around our state to Visit haunted historical places...not much to do during quarantin.) My brother passed in 2013, his name was in the back of my mind and had been all afternoon, before we left. I did not mention this. Creepily enough we ended up in an alley on top of pink letters spray painted on the concrete. Looked for woman in a pink shirt...kept finding pink things, not the woman, but flowers, spray paint, houses...then 3 women with pink shirts; different locations en route to our destinations. Please note we had to go around some places due to construction and streets being closed. During these detours we had to drive past my brothers resting place and I had to smile to myself. Didnt say anything Until after we saw the 3rd woman with a pink shirt. I told my cousin, and My cousin finished my sentence about driving past my brothers grave.  Stopped Randonauting for a bit and went out of town. We tried out of town before we hopped on the freeway to head back here since it was only 7 minutes away from where we were. We focused on a blue shirt. Then my cousin said jogger as we were driving. Maps took us down a super creepy lonely rural road to an empty field and to the right of the location was a baby blue fence. Everything else was an old wood with no paint. This fence definitely stood out to us.  It was getting dark so we came back to the city. Before she dropped Me off she asked if we should do one more. I didn't hesitate in case She was kidding and turned on google maps asap. I said lets focus on yellow and she said red.  We missed our turn because we were in the wrong lane so another detour and due to construction we went around a few side streets and ended up at a stop sign on the way to our destination. We were behind a car who was stopped a bit far back because a man was jogging across the street in front of us...I had to yell what color is his shirt?! We found our jogger with the blue shirt. We Continued on our route and went to a location behind our Local VA Hospital. Our destination ended with yellow concrete posts with two thin red stripes on them. Behind the hospital is a cemetery and old historical building which look creepy at night.  Due to the shock of this experience I did not take any pictures but will in the future.