over 60F.  After 26 years of being with one person, I have learned the following.  The person was raised by an empty soul of a human.  His Mother, who he to this day holds close to his heart, learned the best form of punishment was to cut off all physical and emotional support.  From a simple hug  or the dreaded "we need to talk..." learning moment.  Instead he was taught to sit in silence while the parent walked around never talking or telling him what he had done.  When he was touched, he was spanked.  He lived in a house where, if you weren't white, you were dirt under their feet.  At the age of 17 he got a girl pregnant (I assume he didn't use a condom because he didn't know better) and married her because that's what was required of him.  Not out of love but out of responsibility.  They had a child.  The Wife found how he would hurt her when she did anything he didn't approve of by withholding any physical touch or communication.  After 2 years of that, she got pregnant again.  This time he was so pissed off he stopped talking to her and began withholding affection completely.  The children became her World.  Instead of taking responsibility and wearing a condom, he put the load completely on her.  She learning, the only love she would ever have in her life would come from what they had created, two beautiful boys.  The man she thought would always love her turned affection into a bed of consequences that she could not live with.  After 7 years of hell, she took her life.  He dated, even married again but, she left him too.  The children he raised are just like him, empty, soulless, vessels unable to understand any emotional feeling.  Now they've married and found out that the way they were raised was cold and cruel.  They've cut all ties to their Father.  Last year his twin died.  I begged him to go since he hadn't seen his twin in over 15 years.  Again, his reaction was "stay out of my personal life....."  Later he came back and said to me "The real reason I didn't go was I wasn't invited."  My jaw dropped and my ears couldn't believe what I was hearing.  Then, like a slap in the face, the puzzle I'd been putting together, trying to figure out why this "nice guy" was colder than Siberia fell into place.  All the times he had withheld physical love, emotional support from me was because he was never taught how to truly love any human being.  After staying with him this long and being cut off from physical touch, I'm understanding why a man would consider having an affair.  It's been over 15 years since a man caressed me, held me and yet, just like a man whose Wife has withheld sex, he waits until he can no long take the "not tonight" for the last time.  I guess I've reached my last "not tonight" after 20 years.  Like most Wives who, stayed home and raised the children, took care of the home, and wore all the hats a Woman wears in a marriage (Girlfriend, Wife, Mother, and bedroom partner) I have no income now except his.  At best, I'm a friend, a cook, house cleaner and someone to watch TV with.  As for my thoughts on the human being that shares my air space, at best he's a friend, handy man and cash cow.  If any young women read this, consider this a life lesson from a Woman over 60.  Enjoy all the physical pleasure you can from your 20's to 50's without a partner.  Travel instead of buying shoes.  Drop the makeup and long nails.  Instead, take a jar and write every place you want to see on a piece of paper and fold it up and put it into the jar.  Each month pull one out and plan the time and date you're going to do it.  THEN DO IT!!!  I lived a full life before I met Mr. Siberia and for that I'm grateful.  I've held unto my memories and they've saved me to this point.  However, even good, beautiful loving memories fade over time.  Just like a man once said to his Wife when she saw him with another Woman "remember this....a willow only bends so far and you found the breaking point in this willow Missy."  I feel my time has the willow has come....nice guy