I wasn't going to post my success story but I thought it would be good for people to realize how fun this really can be. (Unfortunately I deleted my original posting after it happened and didn't want to reveal my identity). Thanks to all the women that sent me messages but I chose one that I have no doubt is the best at giving head. She was gorgeous and after talking for awhile I knew that we both, although nervous, wanted to experience this together. We went over details of what she liked and set up some rules. She told me she wanted no reciprocation whatsoever and how she had fantasized about sucking a strangers dick for awhile now. It's a good thing she said this because I would have been all over her otherwise. Usually I love giving back and it would have been great to feel how wet she got. Our original plan was to meet up for some coffee but on the day of our meeting she said that she might be too nervous and she'd be more comfortable going straight to giving me road head. I loved the idea and we agreed. I waited in the parking lot anxious to see what she looked like in person, I thought she was going to bail when she was over half an hour late, but when she finally arrived I was shocked. She got out of her car and wow she was incredibly attractive. I'll never forget the relief I felt knowing this girl was going to be in my lap within minutes. We drove for a bit until I unzipped my pants and she unbuckled. Leaning over the passenger seat on her knees as I felt her lips wrap around my dick and I became instantly hard. I brushed her hair back to get a better look at her lips on my throbbing dick and she looked like she was really loving it. I grabbed a fistful of her hair as I struggled to concentrate on the road and remain at a constant speed. I've never felt so turned on before and I whispered in her ear how incredible she felt on my dick, how wet she must be getting, and what a bad girl she was for sucking off a stranger she just met. We eventually found a parking garage and parked. I was rock hard at this point as I spanked her amazing ass. I really wish I would have grabbed it as I love getting a girl off but I had to remember her rules. I grabbed her hair and forced her down as she took every inch of my long shaft. I've never seen a girl with such skill as she barely even gagged. I kept telling her to take it all, that's it, and calling her a good girl for taking so much at once. It truly let out a different side to me and I loved forcing her down on my dick, the dirty talking in her ear, and resting my hand on the back of her head. When I finally did cum she deep throated it and took every last inch. She didn't know this at the time but I've never had so much cum bust at once. I was shocked she took it all and swallowed. There's plenty more details but I don't want to make this a novel. For anyone that's second guessing doing this I highly recommend it. Don't be afraid! I hope to experience this again with her because I know I'll never find a girl that good at deep throating and taking my entire cock but we'll see.