So I’ll preface this by saying I don’t believe in the supernatural. Like ghosts, religion, astrology, etc. However these coincidences are… weird. Our first trip on Randonautica was a bust, we used three intentions and ended up in a rich neighborhood. We didn’t notice anything. Next we set our intention as fire. It gave us a location by train tracks with a pretty field and house in the distance. Me and my friends enjoyed the environment as we gazed into the distance. Suddenly people start shooting fireworks. “What the fuck?”, we exclaimed. I was surprised, however still very skeptic of the situation. It could’ve easily been a coincidence. Our next intention was cat. Hoping to pet a feline friend we embarked on our journey. It took us to a railroad running through a small neighborhood. When we got there a train began running past us. And a car- spelling out C-A-T. “Fuck this noise” began to become the established feeling within our group. Finally, the final adventure. Our intention was space. We arrive near a small country home with wooded land. We walked down the train tracks adjacent to these woods, and we arrive at a turning point. It leads into the woods. We steadily walk down a rocky hill into the trees; a barbed wire fence greets us. Our adventurous friend climbs over the fence and we stay back waiting. After a good talk between me and my friend, we get a call through Snapchat. Our friend attempts to describe a weird visual he sees in the sky above him, “It’s like a crack in the sky, almost reflective.” “Like some chicken little shit?”, I ask. “This is actually some chicken little shit dude.” We end the call and begin walking back to the car. We stop at the sound of what seems to be yoshi getting fucked in the ass. Bodies frozen, my friend asks, “Should we run right now??”. We remember our friend in the woods. We quickly call him, immediately voicemail. We try again, nothing. Then we decided to try Snapchat considering that’s how he contacted us. It worked. Luckily he was fine and he agreed to make his way back to the car. We get back and see our friend stuck behind an electric fence in someone’s backyard. We laughed our asses off and made our way back home. I’m still skeptical, but I don’t understand what happened. I’m not saying it was supernatural, but I can’t explain it.