After realizing that he's in the past, Cat immediately heads towards the old abandoned house, which surprises Dr. M. "Cat, are you pretending to be a grown-up again" he says before Cat can leave, and he realizes that he's going to have to play along, so he shrinks back down into his younger six-year-old self. "Where did you get those clothes? They look much too big for you!" "Umm... I found them?" Dr. M seems to believe this and simply tells Cat to go change. He takes this as his way out, since if time travel works the way he thinks it does, he should already exist in this timeline as a six-year-old. He escapes through a secret passageway he had as a kid and heads towards the house. When Angora wakes up, he's met with an inquisitive youngster that shares a remarkable resemblance to himself. "Hey, you look just like me, but old!" the young Angora says. Angora remembers this moment from when *he* was younger, so he just tells the impressionable child that he should remember this moment, and when he gets tired of living with his parents, go to a certain abandoned house in the woods. Young Angora's not sure what just happened but it was so strange he decides to remember this anyway. Angora quickly leaves, making a portal straight to the house, where Cat is waiting. "I knew you would come by sooner or later." "I was just giving myself some advice." Now, the question isn't about when and where they are, but how they'll get back to their own time. Suddenly, a strange creature comes out of the house, calling himself the Celestial of Time. He addresses them by their names, leading Cat to say "Really? Who doesn't know our names by now?" and Angora explains that the Celestials are a group of beings that prevent magic users like himself from tampering with the forces of Light, Darkness, Reality, Space, Time, Life, and Death, to name a few. Basically, what Dahlia did ruined the steady flow of their time stream, so he's here to fix it. "You two shouldn't be here. I will send you back this time, but next time you two find yourselves in the past, I'm not going to save you from fading out of reality." Obviously, the mere prospect of being erased is startling to say the least, but Cat still props up an interesting question. "If I'm erased in the past, that means I never changed it, leading to my existence, leading to my inexistence, and it just goes on and on!" Time hates paradoxes, so he just flatly states that he'll just erase any sign of his existence to make things easier. Cat already gets the feeling he's not going to like Time, but Angora practically worships him. He seems afraid of what Time might do to him if he showed the slightest bit of disobedience. They get back home with an unsettling message from time. "I know I'll see you again, but I'll just tell you now. Stay out of the time stuff. You'll never win." The two sit there, dumbfounded, and decide to play a game of chess after Time disappears. The still have no recollection of who Dahlia is, but they suddenly hear an explosion. They look outside to find that a portal to the Monster Realm is open, releasing all kinds of monsters and wreaking havoc. Angora knows how to fix it, but it's going to be one Freaky Friday...