I’m not depressed. I just hate myself so much to a point where I can never feel proud or happy about myself. I’ll never be enough for someone. Nobody will ever love me and support me. I’m just a burden and I’m fucking fat and annoying and none of my friends actually give a fuck about me. If I didn’t talk to anyone for a week straight. Nobody would hit me up to see what I’m up to or if I’m ok. I’m a background character in everyone else’s lives and a backup friend. Not anyone’s first choice ever. And as much as I hate to say it, it’s true. And I somehow still function normally because I’m not a fucking pussy ass bitch and I can put up a front. Make your own confidence and don’t slip. I’ve fucked up in the past and it’s hurt me, not anymore. Fake it till you make it. I despise myself for not being better even though I don’t know how. I fucking hate that I’m considered annoying or whatever people may think of me when I’m just being myself. I wish I wasn’t this way either, I WISH I COULD GET SOME FUCKING RESPECT FOR ONCE IN MY LIFE. I’m sick of it, everyone always has something to say about me but I don’t lose my cool. I’ve never fought anyone or freaked out because I don’t see the point. People take things so seriously and it’s not what I’m about. But inside me there is something dark. Not rage just emptiness and one day I wish someone would just push my buttons the wrong way, because I really don’t care what people think about it but I know for a fucking fact you wouldn’t fight me because I WOULD FUCKING ANNIHILATE WHOEVER TRIES AND I WOULD HURT THEM!! I don’t see myself doing this at all. I cried the other weekend for the first time in a long fucking time. What an odd feeling. I lost even more respect for myself. Just kidding I have none in the first place. I’m always tired and I can never fall asleep. One of my many issues is always feeling sleep deprived and literally having no discernible sleep schedule which really sucks because how can I keep a maintainable working balanced life if I can’t sleep at proper times. I’m not depressed, just tired and empty. Suicide is for pussies and cowards. Couldn’t be me. Because who knows where I’ll be in 5 years. A lot can change. Weird optimistic way to end a self hate speech of sorts.