This is gonna be badly written I’m sorry. I have terminal cancer , my mom has said that I don’t have cancer , that I shouldn’t do chemo , she doesn’t respect my space , she goes through my things and rearranges , unpacked my suitcase from when I came back from treatment , which is not only an invasion of privacy but embarrassing as I’m a ( 34 year old !) adult. I had to move back in when I stopped being able to work. She doesn’t want to help me with my 2 year old when I’m too sick , but she does , she also complains about it to everyone though and looks for any excuse and reason not to watch him. Before I had moved back in she said she was more than willing to help with him. Now he often goes to a babysitter when I am too sick ( which is very expensive ) . She just doesn’t care ... she does what  she wants with no regard for how it effects anyone around her. She is Involved with a cult and has all these phone “ meetings “ and chanting that she does a a gets really upset if anything comes between her and her chantings even if it’s really important. She’s invasive and asks questions in a really uncomfortable way so I try to communicate with her as little as possible about what I’m going through. I had surgery that prolonged my life , she begged me not to have it. I had no idea my mom was like this ... I don’t know who she is anymore ? She won’t stop any of the behavior that upsets me , she will say she will , but the other things I have come to realize is that her words bear no weight , she just says what you what to hear with absolutely no follow through. I feel guilty because despite all of this my mom does help me in practical ways , with childcare in the morning when I’m really sick and making food for me and feeding my child. But I think I hate her, I had no idea how toxic she was. I hate that I have to rely on her. The cult has to do with why she didn’t want me to have treatment for cancer and why she thought I didn’t even have it , she accused me of “ buying into western medicine bullshit “ and that’s what she really believes. And she also can’t refrain from telling me that if she gets upset. The last thing she told me was not do the clinical trail I’m participating in. I feel lost , I have no idea how to have a relationship with her , I feel like she has no respect for me.