i'm so fucking lonely, constantly fucking third wheeling and getting ignored. i used to have 2 good friends. now i have 2 normal friends that constantly FUCKING ignore me and are somehow constantly horny. sitting in the middle of class, teacher actively teaching about something? time to fucking CUDDLE. at least wait until recess, fuck. i fucking sit alone at my table most of the goddamn day because they always leave when the oportunity arises. supposed to be doing work on laptops? lets go sit in the fucking hallway, listening to music and gushing about the people who made it. its like a goddamn low level kpop stan. no clue how they get average grades. worst part is, my teacher assigned seats, and they just ignore it. one of them sits there, but the one that sits beside me? lets fucking leave, then get mad when youre told to go back to your seat. is it that fucking hard to talk to your other friends once and awhile? i even talked to one of em about it, asking if they could maybe talk to me a little bit more. their answer? "i'm trying." *bitch?* you're 'trying'? its not something that takes fucking effort. unless it's an addiction, which i wouldnt be surprised to hear. even when i initiate the conversation, they usually dont continue it. fucking hell, i have 1 good friend. to be fair, he's chill. slightly apathetic, but whatever. he's the only person i can ever hang with, if my parents dont intevene with some bullshit or he doesnt have to go somewhere. i just want fucking companionship, man. i want more than 1 person to trust, to be tight with, to not have to worry about what they think. used to have a group of 3.  good friend 1, me, good friend 2. then he fucking moved like he said he did every 3-4 years.  i feel bad for the cunt. me and him did most of the scuffed shit, like walking past a moving train at 1am, bowling at 4. i used to be pretty tight with the "couple". dont remember what happened. used to be good. a nice trio, if not just a little bit more friendship between the other 2. now its more that i'm a backup. their s/o isnt there?  backup time. i'm probably gonna end up getting piss drunk and either ending or fixing the relationship with them anyway.  i dont fucking know.