On a throw away for obvious reasons. I fucking get it at this point, I'm doomed for life. Stop rubbing it in my face. I've been positive for 2 years, and it changed my life. All of my friends except one treated me like a monster. My family even cracked fucking jokes about it right after I was diagnosed. Do you think just because you CAN get herpes from sex means it doesn't effect the carrier forever? It's still a LIFELONG disease. I was absolutely fucking shattered when I couldn't even turn to my family. Let me give anyone who doesn't know anything about HSV2 a lesson, you can't spread GENITAL herpes by sharing chapstick or drinks. Do you know how many times my cousin has popped the old "I hope I don't get herpes!" While sharing a drink with me. I'm to the point where I will drop family members for this shit. My friends would tell me it wasn't worth bringing me on dates because "who would want you honestly?" Honestly, who WOULD want me? Someone who doesn't take a skin disease as life or death, also it's HIV that kills you, herpes doesn't affect your health at all. It may weaken your immune system slightly but that's literally it. The outbreaks IF you even get them aren't that bad. There are more than 3 million cases of oral herpes a year, 67% of the global population. 11% has genital. It's very fucking common. But I live the burden of knowing. Most people that have it don't know so they continue to spread without using any precautions. The spreading chance can be reduced to below 1% with condoms, medication, just not fucking while you have an outbreak. It CAN be prevented so fucking easily, but the people that have no clue they have it just spread it like wildfire. Maybe this rant made no sense, I'm just tired of seeing shit that is literally just made to make people who have herpes feel EVEN worse about it. Could you imagine getting a disease that lasts forever and then having everyone in your life tell you "you deserved it" "you had it coming" "your disgusting" ITS A DISEASE WOULD YOU TELL SOMEONE WHO CAUGHT MEASLES THAT THEY ARE DISGUSTING AND SHOULD JUST OFF THEMSELVES? Take a step back, and just look at how hard life is already having It and having the burden of knowing, then to have damn near everyone around you remind you constantly that NOBODY wants you, and you are just worthless to the population because of something that happened ON FUCKING ACCIDENT. I never had sex, I was a virgin when I got genital herpes, let me say it louder for the bitches in the back ANYONE CAN GET IT.