So I was recently banned from RandomKindness for “karma farming” Which I admit I attempted for about 17 seconds before I found out what it actually was. I obtained a whopping 15 karma from that. Since then I’ve been gaining all of my karma in Assistance by giving people what I (and apparently a decent few others) consider good advice. So logically I chatted a staff in hopes of appealing my ban. The staff responded with a link to a thread in one of those karma farming subs. Well I clicked on the link and the thread was someone saying that for every upvote they got they’d diet for a day. I used to be severely overweight and had to work my ass off to lose it all so I responded with, once again, advice. So I told the staff if they read the thread they were using as evidence of my “karma farming” they’d see the illegitimacy of their accusations. Instead of being mature, as a staff in such a popular sub should be, they muted me for 3 days. So today my mute was over and I thought, “ okay I just got unlucky and not all the staff are as childish as this one,” and I messaged the staff again and asked to discuss the issue with a different staff member. I got a response fairly quickly and felt hopeful that we could get the problem resolved, or at the very least I’d get a better explanation on my ban. I opened the conversation with the new staff member and was immediately muted again. A second later another staff member pops into the conversation saying “damn you beat me by a few seconds.” Me being stubborn I decided third times the charm, I’ll just try again in 3 days. Well that idea was nothing but a pipe dream because that third staff member added another 3 day mute. I understand that karma farming is bannable but I’m new to the whole active reddit scene and don’t know of any way to undo it. Long story short, I feel like these staff members are abusing their rank and being extremely unreasonable and childish for a sub that’s sole purpose is to help people in need. Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk.