If you go on to meme subreddits the post there are pretty alright but nothing spectacular, the problem only happens is when you go into the comment section, there is always that one guy occasionally complaining about how the subreddit is going downhill, so much repost are in hot right now, something along those lines. If that was it I wouldn’t be complaining, that wouldn’t be so bad but then comes in the ironic and unironic people. Whenever a slight hint of opinion is added into a post there’s always this one complete moron who starts saying one thing the rest of the comment section starts saying the same exact thing ironic or not, and the problem is these people are saying all of this to 11 year olds saying Reddit good everything bad that are too stupid enough or too stubborn to change their opinion and fight back which means that these ironic commenters just make the situation worse by filling the comment section with all these ironic comments but the 11 year olds don’t understand it. Another grudge I have against the comment section is that they complain a lot. One example that has been copy and pasted to almost every single meme that a group of people slightly dislikes is “wow this sub is filled with repost and normie trash, it’s not funny why do they upvote these things?” (Not exactly that but close enough). Not to mention how most of the things they complain about aren’t even relevant anymore, how they hate all these circle jerking memes when there’s only one once every 5 months or so that actually make it in hot, or how everything is low effort when you clearly can see that many do put a lot of effort into the memes just to be put into a group of so called ‘losers’ and egotistical. Both these garbage things and complaining about why they got downvoted for stating a opinion that the majority disagrees with (guess what the downvote system is for!) all makes a horrible mosh pit that is annoying when you’re trying to find something useful or an intriguing article, all you get is these trash horrible comments that have no purpose other than make op feel like they just saved the world from a national crisis. That’s not all though, certain subreddits are dedicated to bashing these meme subreddits are filled with ironic post but not even understanding the context of it, what’s worse is there’s replicas upon replicas of the same thing, they bash the same exact subreddits as well and not really any content there other than “wow guys this is so cringe XDXD I hate this subreddit” and everyone else like a zombie agreeing, and once again saying the exact same thing, to make things worse the these people like to link these subreddits into the comment section and are just spammed everywhere. Before you think that I’m just another ‘reddit good person’ I think there just as annoying. The whole Fortnite bad thing is just stupid and idiotic but keep your opinions to yourself, no one cares if you like Fortnite or not so just complain to someone else not somewhere that all this complaining is necessary. Please stop spamming your opinions that no one actually gives a shit about, because by the 597th time I see the same text in the comment section I want to leave Reddit and never come back to it.