I have the experience but I have to be trained how my supervisor wants things done. She doesn’t provide feedback. She won’t talk to me. She won’t answer me over our work messsging system she puts it as busy but I saw her using it to talk to other people. She hired me. Was very very nice for the first 2 weeks maybe less. She never properly trained me. I learned the basics but I always have thought even if someone has experience they need to be trained a certain amount of time one on one. I also have trained before and think feedback is important. I emailed her after she basically asked everyone what they thought of me, then added to these people that I talk too much and need to work. Such a lie. I can say when I’m not being real, I can be very real with myself lol. I work HARD I’m a dedicated worker and employee and is usually the reason I end up being worn out. Because that’s easy to take advantage of. I chose to work at this location because of how nice everyone seemed but my supervisor was a huge deciding factor. She seemed nice but not fake. She was so excited to have me join she said and she wanted to sit and train with me my desk was next to hers. She randomly moved it and told the person I’d be sitting next to keep our talking to a minimum because I talked a lot (she and her friends talk so much.) I’m new. I didn’t talk a lot. I had some questions and because the 2nd week of me being their the main boss left she sat next to her best friend. Today her friend emailed me if you need help let me know “Nicole” is busy. I want you to keep in mind I emailed my supervisor and she never responded. She obviously told her friend and I even said to her friend ya know I feel like my supervisor is annoyed with me cause she really won’t talk to me. (Also she talked negatively about me to others which I’d be less upset about if it wasn’t a lie) and her friends like she’s just very busy she wants to see that you can stand on your own without her help. I’d get that. IF I WAS TRAINED PROPERLY FIRST! I heard 3 girls just quit because she didn’t train them. Im very easy to train also, just show me what to do. I asked Monday when she’s sit with me and train with me and she said “I told you Wednesday.” In such a bitchy tone. Wednesday came and I asked her if we can talk quickly and she’s like I’m too busy. Wtf am I supposed to do? I wanna stay at this job because it’s work I like. I know how to do it, just not how they specifically do.... what else could I possibly do? I can’t show how well I can do at a job without learning certain things. There’s a 6 month probation period where I can be fired at anytime and honestly that scares me. I need an income and it would eat at me if I lost this job because I was hired at like 6 places and chose to go with this one. I have been very nice to everyone I was always saying how happy I was to be there, and I really was and I want to be. I’ve never been in this situation before. I’ve not been trained at jobs the greatest and I learned for myself but this career I’m in you can’t. Also I’ve dealt with catty people in offices but they weren’t like unresponsive. I don’t get not answering questions. Even at the worst jobs if I had a question for my supervisor I wouldn’t be made to figure it out myself so so quickly without training. Any advice? The supervisor moved herself into a whole different office and is avoiding me, isnt that weird??! Now I will say I bought office supplies for my desk since everyone encouraged me to and one day I even showed her and she was like oh yeah you should get that and she told me she’d never spend money for work supplies so she was fully aware I was making this purchase. I texted her cause at that time she was being cool and asked her if I should wait till Tuesday to bring in my stuff or something because the boss would be back that Monday and I didn’t wanna change everything up in my area the day our boss came back cause I want her to see me working. This girl. She said you shouldn’t bring in anything you’re on a 6 month probation period with us unfortunately. I was a little shocked and said buy you helped me pick stuff out? And she told me she didn’t mean right away which is bs I said I’m amazoning it that day... weird so  I was like everyone kinda said it would be fine for me to bring in my office supplies and she said i should not do anything without getting permission through her or the main boss. The main boss discussed decorating my area before and I spent like well over $300 on things that are practical for work and so I went to the main boss and I was like I have to wait 6 months to set up my desk, if so that’s fine but I got office supplies for my desk and she was like no you don’t have to wait 6 months feel free to bring in your stuff. I think that day was probably the day the girl really was pissed I texted her and said hey don’t think I went over your head I was just double checking cause I was confused because our main boss originally said it was okay to are you mad? If so I will just not bring anything in I won’t be upset. She’s like why would I be mad it’s not that serious... I arrived at work that day with my stuff and she runs over and is like your new desk is going to be here and it was far away from my desk on the other side of the room not near her. I can’t think of another reason in her change of attitude. It just sucks cause idk how to deal I wanna cry. Talking about it sounds like I’m being whiny and complaining but idk it sucks