Just. How is it ok to demonize and degrade all men as sex crazed violent lunatics? How is that justifiable? Why when a woman is an asshole shes a bad apple but when a man is its typical? Doesn’t that go against everything we’re supposed to stand for? How can we scream and cray out against stereotypes and being boxed in and then do that? How can we make jokes pretty much constantly about making his wallet hurt and dick appointments and then turn around and get mad for being “objectified” when a guy barely even glances at us? How can we still insist that we’re oppressed when our biggest issues(in the US and most western countries, not globally) are largely solved when men have LITERALLY LESS LEGAL RIGHTS? How come we’re so care so much about the moms choice but when it comes to what the father wants he rarely even gets a say even AFTER she decided to keep the kid? And this one kills me to actually say, and I’m kind of ashamed to say it, but how can we elect someone to be a commander in chief when they never had to enlist in the draft? That’s not to say we shouldn’t have a female president(god no, not saying that) or that the draft is good(also god no), but it’s just. Not fucking fair. And I can’t stand up for it. It feels whiny. What problems are women facing today? Not enough women in power, day to day sexism stuff and objectification, the 3-7% “unexplained wage gap” that’s largely to do with women not being taught to negotiate like how men are in my opinion, and sexual assault. Right? Those are valuable issues, sure. Ok so what are men’s issues? There’s less men in college, men have a higher mortality rate by pretty much every metric, especially murder, 1-4 men are physically abused by a partner(vs 1-3 women, but women at least have friggin shelters and can call the cops, most shelters won’t even accept men and if there’s a domestic abuse call they’re just going to take the guy without question), paternity rights(HOW IS IT OK FOR A WOMAN TO GIVE AWAY A KID WITHOUT EVEN TELLING THE FATHER IT TAKES TWO TO TANGO GUYS), prostate cancer(which is about as common and fatal as breast cancer but with an 8th of the funding and awareness), a court system thats VERY biased against them, and a on top of all that? If a guy brings any of this up he’s written off as a sexist and gets yelled off the platform. It’s bullshit and I can’t stand behind that attitude anymore. And none of my friends are the “crazy femanazis” or whatever who talk about hating men. I consider them to be lovely well meaning and thoughtful individuals. But when i bring any of this up it’s shot down so fast it’s insane. The other day my sister literally said “well sure, some of that may be true, but male privilege makes up for most of it.” I?? Don’t think??? Having a dick???? And getting paid like 4-7% extra??? Will save you??? From a murder rate??? That’s nearly 8x as high as ours??? Or prostate cancer??? Or jail time??? Or loosing your kid even though your ex wife is abusive?????? Like. We’ve done a lot. I’m very very proud of what feminism has done. But I’m starting to think “feminism means equality” is a lie, and I think we have to start looking at the other issues going on if we’re going to get anywhere. Ok that’s it.