I'd like to start this by saying that I know that it's necessary. When I first started quarantine it seemed great. My friend and I would talk for hours a day and I never felt lonely. Every night felt like a night out with friends. Plus no school work, what more could a teenager want?! Quarantine went on and I found that I loved hiking. I started taking walks every day for hours. Eventually we got online school. It was fine at first but then the teachers began piling work on because of the 2 weeks we missed. I procrastinate a lot so I put off a lot work until Friday. I was very stressed so next week I did a lot more earlier in the week. All of a sudden my friend had stopped texting me and playing with me. I thought he was just busy buried in work like me, until I saw him online almost every night. I got bored and asked him if he wanted to play. This motherfucker left me on delivered for a fucking week. I knew he was on Snapchat too since he posted a story. Anyway fast forward a week and everything seems fine. I actually got caught up on my work. I asked him again but this time he responded. I really wanted to confront him but I didn't say anything. I learned he was playing every night with some group of girls. This didn't bother me too much at the time until I realized he was doing exactly what one of my other friends did 6 months ago. My friend(a) basically left the friend (friend I was playing with b) for another group of assholes. Within a few months he was back but naturally my friend was pissed. How could he not realize what he was doing to me? I don't consider myself an extrovert but I guess I need people to stay happy. I've felt depressed for the last few days and ashamed of myself for nothing. I feel like it's my fault we haven't talked in weeks. It's not his fault he just found someone else to keep him sane. I wanted to talk to him so I texted him. Still yet to open it as of 48 hours. Does he not realize he just left me so all of a sudden? I have been vocal to him that he was basically my only friend during quarantine so I find it hard to believe he doesn't know I'm lonely. It's not all his fault either since I haven't been trying to talk to anyone other than my parents. I have this empty feeling like I'm just taking up resources others need. I've been given good parents and a loving home and great friends, yet I still haven't done shit with it. This quarantine gave me much more time to think about how much of a waste of my position I am. So here I am writing this at 11:30 on the toilet. I'm going to talk to my parents in the morning about this sadness I have. I feel like I'm empty inside and that there's nothing out there for me and no one to love me. I'm sorry for rambling on and for how unorganized this is. Please give me advice in the comments below.