I'm a single female in my twenties. About one year ago, I moved into a house with four other people who rent. None of them bother me except the one who lives right next door to me. I don't know how I got stuck with this, but he is this guy in his mid-forties who literally does nothing with his life. Up until about one month ago, I wasn't even sure that he had a job because he was home literally all. the. time. I work more than 40 hours per week easily, and my job requires me to be walking the entire time I'm there. ( I work as an aid in a dementia care unit.) My forty-something year old roommate is awake until like, 2 AM or later almost every night, sitting in his room. If he isn't there, he is in the kitchen cooking up some enormous, carnivorous feast that makes the entire house reek. I really want to move out as soon as I can, but I have to endure this for at least a few more months. Being that my job is extremely strenuous, and that I'm working a ton of extra hours in order to be able to afford something else soon, I'm exhausted when I come home from work. I feel like I should be able to come home on my maybe one day off per week, and just sleep, or relax in peace. Even though I find this person's habits mostly irritating, I've found that I probably don't even have to have an irritating roommate in order to be annoyed by having someone around. Just the fact that these people can see what comes in your mail, what you throw away, can hear your phone conversations, and can tell when you come and go to work, means that they can tell a lot about you without even talking to you. I cannot have serious conversations on the phone that I would rather other people not hear. If I'm trying to work something out with a family member, anyone on the other side of the wall can get all the details unless I drive away in my car to talk. It's like there's not even a point to renting a space to call my own at this point, since all of my personal business has to be guarded even more significantly. When I was younger, I even liked spending time with people and having friends. Now, I find myself wondering why I didn't just soak up all that time I actually had where I could have chosen not to spend time with people, if I'd known that later in life, I'd have to basically live in a fishbowl whenever I'm not at work. Most of the time, I wish I could actually depend on working like, 80 hours per week, just to get out of the house and stay out. On my days off, I don't even want to spend time at home for fear of looking like I'm a lazy hermit, which isn't true. I just want to actually sleep and restore myself so I have more energy. It's not like I'm already at home 90 percent of the time and need a break from doing absolutely nothing. I have to admit that part of my annoyance with him is that he is totally the person I would never want to become. He does nothing with his life except lay around and cook, and maybe work a few hours per week. He is so poor he cannot even afford a car, and rides his bike everywhere. He doesn't want to work extra hours because he wants more time to just lay around and do nothing, so his life is like this endless cycle of working just enough to afford to do nothing. I don't even want to be around someone like that. I think that is another reason having roommates is often so awful. It's hard enough managing relationships with people throughout life, and having a roommate situation is one where you are forced to interact with people you really have no intrinsic motivation to build a relationship with. Mostly because they aren't part of your life in any other way. I think it's the vast minority of situations where people are actually happy to have a roommate as part of their life. On the other hand, none of the other people I rent with annoy me. They all have jobs that require them to be gone about as much time out of the week as I am, and they are quiet. They don't walk all over the house while they are home, and they don't leave messes. Just so tired of living like this, and cannot wait to be able to move.