She has never treated me like her student. I studied in a Chinese school and I'm Chinese but I've never been good at Chinese, I can speak it pretty fluently but essays are hard so my grades are usually really low and just because my Chinese is bad she berates me for it. She berated every single girl in class. She called at least 3 of us whores and she embarrasses me in front of the whole class. Every time I reach home I go go my room crying in bed wanting it to be over. I never tried to cross her or be mischievous in anyway. All I did was try my best in school. All my other teachers were amazing and I was so grateful for them being so nice to me even though I was bad at some of the subjects. But my Chinese teacher never wanted me to be happy. She banned truth or dare just because of me. My classmates didn't get angry at me for it tho because they had to suffer from her for a few more years than me. She thinks embarrassing me in front of the whole class would help my grades. She thinks making me cry in front of the class and calling me a wuss because she haven't beaten me yet will make me stronger and better in Chinese. She think her punishments will make me less of a whore from what she says. She thinks saying "in a few years I'll see her on the news '(my name) raped by man'" will make me less of what I am. She thought my behavior was bad. She thought I was the inappropriate one. She never praised me alone. She only did it when my mom was around. She manipulated my mom so she could enroll me to her Buddhist school. SHE TEACHES IN A BUDDHIST SCHOOL. She made me afraid of saying no. I felt like I never had a choice. I never felt like I belong when I was in her class. That was two years ago. A year ago I went back to hang out with my other nicer and better teachers and she called me over and asked why I didn't talk to her and acted like she was invisible. She thinks she was a decent teacher. She thinks she's a teacher people dream of being. She thinks she did a good job teaching us because most of our Chinese was good. In reality, most of our Chinese 2as already decent, if she wasn't fucking Satan we wouldve done better. There was Malay people in my class and since they weren't Chinese she didn't care if their Chinese was bad. She thinks she's being a good teacher by reading my terrible essay aloud to people. She made me afraid of attempting to write. She made me afraid of people reading aloud my essays and embarrassing me again. She could never be any worse. She once got in jail for beating a 9 year old but shortly got out and she's still teaching. WHY. CANT. THE. FUCKER. BE. FIRED. ALREADY. I don't know if I'm over reacting I'm only 14 and I'm not sure if this is one of the stupid things teenagers do or this is actually valid to cry for. I'm literally crying right now tell me I'm not over reacting