This is so stupid considering me and the guy I'm dating (started dating before pandemic) are not officially in a relationship. I don't even like him badly but he made me get used to his attention. We both go to the same college and we both have hard STEM majors. He is one of those people who get disappointed when they get 99/100. We both have school as our number one priorities and we discussed that we would keep up with what we have. For me to keep the thing going is actually pay attention to what I text him. The problem is during a conversation he would be clueless about what I just texted him like 2 messages ago sometimes. Also I feel like he doesn't ask me about myself enough. I ask him a question and I would expect him to be curious about my answer but it doesn't come. I don't need that much attention like replying back instantly or something because I have things to do too. We exchange like 10 texts a day and a facetime call sometimes. Between texts there are long gaps during the day so that is probably part of the problem of forgetting(I hope). I brought up this concern of mine in my letter (We started writing each other physical letters for fun during this time). Haven't received a reply yet. Anyway, no matter how logical I think, it makes me feel insecure. If this feeling lasts for a long time I'm worried I just may get tired of it. He reassures me whenever he gets a chance just about everything like my family problems, stress about not doing well in school, how we are far away. When I overthink like this I end up thinking that all these issues are my problem that I must solve. I end up concluding that I'm insecure, cynical, have trust issues. I can't take compliments and be 100% happy when someone shows me affection for some reason. I've never been in a bad relationship that could cause me to be like this and if I think deeply it just might be caused by the relationship with my parents. I don't know how to overcome this. I'm still sane and logical but it's so hard to change feelings with logic.  After this I feel like I didn't include enough of his good qualities and let's just say he can be worth it.