I thought I was finally getting ahead of my homework in this class for once and maybe i could finally relax a bit and finally start fixing my sleep schedule, start eating breakfast, have some free time. NOPE. Fuck you. You dont realize this homework takes longer than you think? We have LIVES you know? We need free time you know? WE NEED FUCKING SLEEP YOU MORON. You see it used to just be me procrastinating and being on my phone to much or playing videogames to much. But now im actually fucking exhausted. EVEN ON WEEKENDS I CANT MOTHERFUCKING SLEEP BECAUSE OF YOU. I cant IMAGINE trying to have a job and work with your ass because honedtly just omg. Work amounts like this is what makes me consider dropping out. This shit is now actually affecting my mood, my health, my fucking will to do anything. I havent touched a videogame in weeks. Now instead of coming home and playing videogames im falling asleep dead tired and binge eating even more when i get home and when i wake up. Ok I admit I was definitely playing videogames to long before but now I cant play any. Thats fucked up. My 2 favorite hobbies art and videogames, havent touched in a while. Art ive barely touched in months besides art class, and games im only able to play on the weekends with sleepovers. Listen man i need some leisure time other than just the weekends. Ok maybe 3 hours everyday is to much to ask, but how about 3 hours for 1 day besides the weekend? I have other classes that assign homework to ya know. We dont even do 90% of our fucking work in class. We do it at home as homework. Tbh i dont even remember half the shit we do in class anymore. I deadass have more homework than classwork. We begin this shit in class but NEVER have enough time to even get 1/6 of it done bc we have such short classes and you only give us one. I. Am. Tired. Give. Me. A. Motherfucking. Break. Even. On. Breaks. You. Gave. Us. Fucking. Work. So. Help. Me. God. If. On. Spring. Break. We. Get. Fucking. Work. I. Am. Going. To. Murder. Someone. Everyday after school now no matter how hard i try to do my homework first i cant focus because I AM FUCKING TIRED. I HAVE BEEN TRYING TO FIX MY SLEEP SCHEDULE FOR A MONTH BUT NOW HW IS PREVENTING ME FROM IT. So then since i cant focus and am passing out tired i decide to take a nap anyways. Even if i set a alarm and do wake up i am so tired i usually either cant function for another 2-3 hours or just go right back to sleep. Bro im starting to wonder if my eczema is being caused by stress. Fuck you and your hw. I dont mind some every now and then but this is just ridiculous. You need to cut down this fucking work because you cannot be giving students all of this work in such a short time period.