I’m mainly talking about all of the whiny bitches of the Right, complaining and assuming that YouTube only censors Republicans and Conservatives. That couldn’t be farther from the truth. I see Fox News and the damn Red Pill channels on YouTube. That website censors EVERYONE, regardless of their political opinions. This one review killed me though - “Wah, if you slept through government class then you don’t deserve 4 free years of college (I’m assuming the little crying bitch saw a Bernie Sanders ad)! Your spoiled rear end shouldn’t be complaining about the great country of America (it’s called free speech - get over it), wah!” Actually, it isn’t just YouTube where I see these negative reviews from Trump-dickriders. They’re everywhere on the App Store. I think I see more of those types of reviews than I do on Google Play. It must be true - Apple users are entitled as fuck. Yes, YouTube is biased as fuck - but it isn’t politically. They will shut down a smaller channel before they would ever shut down channels owned by Onision, ImJayStation, the Logan brothers, and so on... and that’s simply because those channels are making them money. That’s all YouTube cares about - money. They don’t give a fuck about the users at all... well, that ugly cunt Susan couldn’t care less. Reading those cringeworthy reviews from the Right only strengthens my hatred for them. They’re always talking about Liberals being snowflakes, but they’re STILL pissed off about Alex Jones being banned from the site. When are they going to let that shit go? They’re not going to allow him back, bitching about it won’t do anything, and remember that the TRUE meaning of freedom of speech is being able to stand up to your government without being prosecuted, and YouTube isn’t the government. They have TOS (that only applies to people who aren’t making them the big bucks), and users are supposed to follow them. Alex straight up called the Sandy Hook Shooting a hoax, and anyone who believes that it was a hoax are MENTALLY RETARDED! Also, in regards to that one review calling critics of America “spoiled”, you’re acting spoiled yourself. Just like whiny fags like you are always saying “If you don’t like America, get out the country”, if you don’t like how YouTube is running their website, simply leave and stop using the site. Move on to a different website, where you can watch whatever you want (which may include lynchings of black people and watching children of illegal immigrants starve to death). Okay, I’m done ranting ☺️