Look, people are mad about what happened, I freaking get it, I’m a white guy and I am fucking pissed off about what happened to Floyd- along with all of the other incidences of police brutality that have happened over the years. Excessive police force, particularly against black people has been an ongoing and relentless issue in this country and it needs to stop. People should be protesting. BUT THE RIOTING HAS TO STOP. People are just using the protests for a reason to lash out and act like fucking idiots. They just want to break shit, steal shit, and hurt other people. THIS COMPLETELY TAKES AWAY FROM WHAT PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO PROTEST. You want to call attention to police brutality and enact change but then people turn on the TV and instead of seeing peaceful protests they see a bunch of people acting like FUCKING ANIMALS. Which makes people think, WOW, WE REALLY NEED A STRONG POLICE FORCE TO CONTROL THESE PEOPLE. Cops have done some pretty shitty stuff over the years, no one is denying that, but most cops are good people, I honestly believe that, sure a lot of them are not, but most just want to do their jobs and get home to their families safely. But cops are fucking scared right now, I would be too. Every who-ha with a trigger finger owns an AR-15 and a hand cannon in this country. They have no idea what they are walking into every single day, not making an excuse for what has happened to unarmed black men in this country over the years, but I’m just saying cops are scared and they have a right to be. When people are scared they do stupid shit, and now with everyone out in the streets acting like freaking idiots, some cop somewhere is going to do something fucking stupid and kill some unarmed black kid for breaking a window with a broomstick or some shit like that and the cop is going to think it’s a rifle and shoot some kid and this thing is going to fucking erupt. We all deserve justice for what happened to George Floyd, but RIOTING IS NOT THE WAY TO GO ABOUT THAT, it’s just a way to get another unarmed black man killed and make people think that we need a stronger, more heavier armed police force to protect normal everyday people from the people who are out there smashing up storefronts and attacking anyone who is wearing a uniform trying to put food on their kids table.