Let’s make fun of mental people, hell let’s make a ‘meme’ over it. A Karen. Also let’s make a mental tv personality President. That would be a good meme. Fuck it, it’s not all that serious. We are just doing what we can right? The millennial way. It’s not us, it’s someone else. Our generation never grew the fuck up. Myself included. But hey haha who fucking cares we got jokes. We laugh so it’s all good. School shootings happen, not funny but we could be edgy about it. Not our problem there are guns everywhere. Blame it on something else, it’s not the guns, it’s too American to give up. Why this rant? There is something at the base of it. It’s something like the guns, something too American. America is flawless, America is THE example, land of the free. Until you end up in that sensitive little spot called health care. Suddenly you’re out on the street because you can’t pay medical bills, suddenly you’re on the internet being made fun of because you broke down, suddenly that classmate who had it rough breaks and finds his dad’s M4, his cousins AR15 who bought it at a gun show, his uncles automatic fucking shotgun and shoots up his school. So the goddamn media can blame it on anything but whatever feeds the economy. Land of the free, don’t make Europe laugh. You guys desperately need better health care and a sense of humility. No, not extreme left, neither extreme right. Fuck off with both of those. That’s what the media does to most of you. Especially social media. What side are you on? Are you a proud patriotic ‘nazi’ who will fight the military when it comes down to it, or a LGBTQ+ feminist who wants to fuck you up for calling them a fucking gender which they don’t agree to? This social media bubble is built upon it. They collect your data just to keep you in your bubble. There is no news anymore, there is ads, and you better click on this article so you see them. “Stupid statement, and this is why”, “10 reasons why you should do this stupid thing”, so called articles with as headline “read this for this specific information” and then it says in the article that the specific information is not available yet. Opinions as media outlet which are just there to take your data because you are too lazy or unaware to either decline the cookies or find out what they actually do. And nobody cares enough either. You want the closest thing to my soul? All my personal data in exchange for social media? “Sure I got nothing to hide.” is what they all say. And even knowing that hundreds of companies can see exactly what you like, wear, buy, who you hang out with and where and for how long, amongst other things, you don’t care. Because you need those likes in your life. All in the while nobody could give a fuck less about the actual human beings behind it. One minute they are a fan, next minute their idol breaks down and it’s not cool to be a fan anymore. It’s all superficial. We all hear the conspiracy theories about manipulation and ‘hypnotizing’. The brainwashing experiments that went on. But still everyone goes along with it. The new world order? We are here already. Netflix pushes Tiger King in our faces and everyone watched it, everyone loved it. Everyone online agrees with another in their bubble because god forbid you might get a dislike or downvote or even worse, be disliked IRL. You think Eminem’s “Revival” was the worst, absolute dog shit but you loved “kamikaze”, it was the best ever. Just because you are afraid of not knowing your shit. It’s not your shit, it’s the populair opinion and only about 4% dare to voice their honest opinion online. Get real man. Be yourself. The world would be so much better if everyone would see past the bullshit. It demands respect too. It shows and takes courage and uniqueness to support you own opinions. It’s alright if someone has better arguments too. Don’t get angry or cocky. Be the wiser. Admit that you didn’t know and thank them. We are in a fucked up shit position and we are too far in to dig ourselves out. I made joke recently about what it would be like if we were at a war with China or Russia, they would just have to take out the internet and most would commit suicide. But it’s probably close to reality these days. In an episode of Friends Phoebe was excited to have found a hardware store all by herself which reminded me how it was back then. Most of us today would not even know how to find a store without the internet. Humanity is lost. Climate change is inevitable and Michael Moore recently convinced us that there is no alternative green energy. Everyone was fighting over wether climate change is real or not or that it was but they extort consumers with their green energy bs, well it’s both. It is real and green energy is fake. Maybe that is true reason of lockdown, climate emergency, maybe it is all real. Maybe its realer than they will let us know. Which I assume so, because economy is always more important than population. Anyway, I could go on. But nobody even read it this far. Most pick and choose tiny bits to argue over and seem smarter than they actually are. This is my take on things tho. My perspective. And I haven’t even covered AI yet.