Where do I begin. I am an early 30s man who has had very few positive experiences with other people.  I can count on one hand how many people I can truly call friend and as a result I tend to push people away unconsciously, sometimes on purpose. When I do attempt to socialize, I am met with subtle and sometimes outright hostility; that is unless there is an ulterior motive. Then I become everybody's friend. People have a tendency to tell me I'm intelligent, only to have the same people try to play me as an idiot minutes later. I'm often told I'm handsome, only to be treated like a leper minutes later. People say I'm eccentric in a non weirdo way, then mumble "weirdo" when I turn my back. As an African American, I do NOT conform to neither media/societal portrayal of an uneducated thug, nor to fellow African American preconception of "a real black man", however fleeting, transient or superficial the latter notion is. On the topic of race; African Americans don't see me as black enough on account of style of dress, being light skinned or whatever and thus, see me as easy pickings. Caucasian Americans see me as either an immediate threat or criminal (irrespective of oratory, clothing, character, etc) or a fall guy they can blame their own criminal acts on. Hispanic Americans tend to avoid me, unless I begin speaking Spanish, then become perturbed when I butcher the dialect (or worse, speak the WRONG dialect); and I've had little contact with Asian Americans. This has resulted in numerous attacks nonverbal, verbal and physical. As previously stated, I feel I can trust no one. I isolated myself for years, only to poke my head out to find the world gone insane. So, I isolate myself more. To the point I begin talking to the walls, and ENJOYING it. Whatever social skills I had (or lack thereof) have deteriorated to nothing. People bitch about their privacy, then place hidden spycams in bedrooms and bathrooms. Seriously, who wants to watch a grown man at home take a big steaming dump? That's an issue for another post, but I digress. There is a mass expectation of what an individual male, female, or however they choose to identify, is expected to behave. An expectaction of conformity, if you will, to a preconception of another's ideal. Then if you deviate in ANY way, shape or form, their inner puritan comes to the fore, and you are shunned, shamed, assaulted. Oftentimes those who do the shunning and shaming are guilty of whatever transgressions you may or may not have commited. I find myself wondering many things: if I am one of few sane people in an insane world; if the world has advanced beyond my comprehension with everyone else learning something while I missed the memo in my self imposed isolation. I truly do not know anymore. F*ck it, I need some good scotch, and some good sloppy....