I got into porn when I was pretty young. I hit puberty at about 10 or 11 and discovered what masturbation was at about 12 or 13. At first I would just use my imagination, but soon enough I found out what porn was. I watched porn and furiously masturbated for about a year or two until I slowed to about once a day (it used to be anywhere from 3-5 times a day). I stayed there for a while, delving into weirder and weirder stuff until finally I found myself sickened by the thought of sex. I started masturbsting just to get it out of the way, like a drug addict does once they've reached a certain point in their addiction. I took no pleasure in it. I broke down after a while and confessed to my friends what my problem was. Immediately they were concerned for me, and some couldn't fathom the fact that I used to normally masturbate 5 times a day. I told them that I was no longer aroused by the sight of a naked woman. They told me to stop for a week or two, and then return to porn but in written form. They also told me to start softcore, slowly building back to hardcore, but not to fetishism. So I did. Now my favorite thing to masturbate to is written erotica (yep, guys like it too). I've slowed tremendously, sometimes going days without masturbating just because I don't feel like it. Naked women turn me on again. After that, one of my closest friends (who happens to be female) began to help rehabilitate me. We got very open with one another about sex, the preferences of most women, the do's and don'ts, stuff that guys normally aren't taught, and just have to figure it out for themselves. Porn is possibly one of the most toxic, damaging industries. It sets unrealistic expectations (the idea that every girl has to be fit and have a big ass and massive tits, that every guy has to have a 6-7+ inch dick, even though the average dick is about 5.1 inches), which degrades your self esteem. It objectifies both men and women, and teaches young men that certain things always happen in the bedroom which actually do not (anal, facials, choking, spanking, etc.). I have had to re-teach myself what's okay and what's not okay, and I feel ashamed. Fuck you, porn industry. Thank you Femanon, you have healed my soul