I live with head strong stubborn as hell people (literally my entire fucking family and I’m a kid so I can’t move out) I try not to be like that, I see other people’s sides and if one of my friends wants me to try not to hate a specific person I’ll try to be civil to them, with my friends I’m fine but with my family? If I have a different opinion I just keep it to myself, I’m to shy to stand up for myself and don’t like arguments so it’s easier that way but I’m sick of it. I’m fucking sick of always agreeing, the one day I just snapped because my stupid teacher told me to tell her what’s wrong(which I did but by email because as I said I’m shy, confrontation literally makes me unable to talk) I told her what was wrong I told her I hate school, I hate her dumb class I hate how she teaches and what did I get for listening to a teacher? Fucking grounded. I didn’t cuss I didn’t say I hated her(just what she does) but for doing what I was told to do I get in trouble. My family doesn’t see my views on home school. With school not in IM ACTUALLY FUCKING SLEEPING AND EATING WHEN IM HUNGRY but no I can’t homeschool because it’ll cost some money down the line. But no spending fucking money on uniforms that we ONLY wear in school, backpacks that we keep in a closet after we’re finished with them and fucking pointless folders that we trash after the what 180? Days we spend in a fucking shitty hell hole you fucking boomers(no I’m not referring to them like that to insult anyone they are literally baby boomers) call school everyone knows there’s something wrong with that damn system but no they’re not gonna do anything about it because if you speak up about it YOUR FUCKING SHUNNED BECAUSE THE FUCKING OLDER GENERATIONS ARE STUPID. They already ruined the economy (I mean covid is to but they did it first and they’re doing it again) yeah we need to know how to read, Wright and do simple math but we literally have FUCKING CALCULATORS AND MINI COMPUTERS IN OUR POCKETS(they’re called smart phones for a damn reason) but no we still have to sit through 8 hours of hell. Or chiwawas (I cant spell ok?) my family think there the devil but any dog who gets treated like a toy would be mean, like people who hate pit bulls or any dog breeds like that because they only see the bitchy ones that were treated like shit. My friend (ex friend but that’s another rant I’ve already put here) has a pit bull(?) that’s really sweet but he’s protective, they treat him like shit. My family only thinks about there opinions and I’m tired of it.