Im 26. I’ve dealt with major depression and generalized anxiety disorder for the last 11 years or more. I used to be really into school. I channeled all of my energy into it so I could try to forget my feelings. I was in honor roll and all that. I did running start in high school. I had a plan so I would have a six year degree by 22 or 23 and would be making six figures. I ended up moving away from home at 17 because I realized a lot of my issues stemmed from my immediate family. I then stopped attending college at 18 so I could focus more of my time on working and paying my bills. It’s been like that for the last 8 years. But I’ve been struggling to pay my bills and feed myself the entire time. I recently moved to a new state with my significant other, we moved right before the pandemic shit started happening. I’ve been working at a temp agency and they have me on an assignment that constantly runs out of work. I’ve asked them over and over to move me literally anywhere else and they won’t. The fact that I’ve been missing work because they run out has put a lot of stress on myself and my partner. I’ve been trying to go back to school. I applied. I got accepted. I was told I should make an appointment for a placement test. And then I would need another appointment for orientation and to meet with an advisor. I have to do all of that before I can enroll for classes. I want to go to school for a specific program. I’ve been looking at the class schedules for those classes and they only have 6-8 more spots depending on class. I made my appointments for testing and orientation so I can try to make sure I get done in time to make into those classes I need. The only options for testing and orientation times are during my working hours (7am-330pm). And they can’t do them on the same day. Which means I’d have to miss two days of work in one week just to get enrolled in classes. My partner thinks it’s a terrible idea since I’m always missing work due to a shortage in work. I think it’s a bad idea because I’m already behind in bills. So now I’m not going to school in the fall. Maybe I’ll try next year. But I just feel like I’m never going to be able to get ahead. It’s like every time I think I’m making progress and doing the right things something happens to show me that I’m poor and I’m never going to be better. I can’t go to school unless I miss work. I can’t get a degree to get a better job unless I want to be homeless or alone. Every time I try in life I’m just reminded that it’s all pointless. I don’t know why I bother staying alive. I just keep coming back to that. If all life is going to be is struggling to pay bills and feed myself why do I bother?