I'm a nurse and work on a general ward, typically with alot of elderly folks. I've been seeing posts about healthcare and how appreciative everyone (mostly) is and I saw the videos of people applauding their health care workers tonight on our news broadcasts. Then I go into work this afternoon and we have been told that it's recommended we get changed out of our uniforms after work if we intend to do any chores etc in public. We are not talking uniforms or gowns exposed to any infectious agents, just our regular nursing uniform. Why? Because today one of our nurses was verbally abused in the street because she 'stood too close" at the intersection while waiting to cross! This person not only abused her horribly, they also lodged a formal complaint with her hospital!! She tried to explain to the aggressor that she didn't work with infectious patients and that she wore gowns over her uniform if in any doubt, but this person didn't let up! They berated her and insulted her and three others joined the abuse as they continued to follow her across the street! Thankfully there were some co-workers in a nearby shop and she went into the store and the abusers retreated. (One of them back across to her hospital to make the formal complaint!) And here we are. Being told we now have to get changed out of any identifying item before we face the general public in case they hate us or consider us contaminated! It's since come to light that she isn't the first one to be yelled at, with nurses reporting issues when paying for fuel in uniform. It makes me so very angry that people can do something like this, but think nothing of showing up and expecting that same nurse to care for them if they should become ill!! We are working with limited staff, limited stock, limited knowledge and overwhelming fear. The last thing we need is the public to become fearful of us or to turn against healthcare now! We don't wear infectious gear out! We don't take unnecessary risks! We don't want people to get sick either! If your concerned standing nearby outside, please, move away, but please, don't abuse us! I'm praying this is a few random events and isn't set to be the norm here. I love the typical Aussie attitude and refuse to believe that these folks were anything but just plain fucking wankers! I hope I get to pick their catheter size one day!