So i work as a housekeeper. Today there was an elderly couple a few rooms down, the husband came into the room i was cleaning to complain about /tell me that yesterday he was in this room i was cleaning and they had to switch rooms because the heater didnt work and the tv remote didnt work so they had to get a new one. Im like ok. Thanks for telling me? (Inside my head all i can think is oh come the cock fuck on gramps. Why did you need to complain to me ? I havent worked here in over a week and that wasnt my fault nor do i give a fuck.) few minutes pass and the wife comes and asks for soap to wash her hands & im like here you go ma’am have a nice day. She comes back one more time to tell me that they were checking out and had cleaned the room up for me. I go in and check and theres dirty completely soaked towels scattered throughout the room, a pile of towels near the bathroom door with some blood on them, and an orange ish shit/diarrhea mix sprayed across the toilet. They didnt leave even $1 tip, and all i could think was oh come the fuck on boomers. Shit like this happens all the time (literally) at my hotel and i hope y’all know the people who clean ur actual shit have ALOT of other work to do and we bust our fucking assholes to transform your diarrhea, blood and hair rooms back to normal. Even if someone was this dirty and only left $1, I would’ve been alot less pissed. I hope everyone knows that if you leave a room at a hotel that fucking gross and dont tip even a baby fucking bit, it ruins the people’s days who have to clean that actual shit up . My immediate thoughts when this happen everytime is that whoever was in here was were completely fucking trashy people. Wish more people have some form of mf courtesy but y’all “adults” prefer to leave ur disgusting fucking piles of hair shit blood and piss everywhere because you decide its not your problem to deal with.  I just cant even fathom that some people think that Its okay to be that fucking gross. It doesnt matter if its not your own home. Its completely trashy rude and absolutely fucking disgusting.