Game grumps has changed. It's not me, it's them. They say "oh your sense of humour has changed and that's fine" but I go back to all the older episodes and I'm still laughing my ass off as I was when I originally watched it. I don't do that anymore. If my humour has changed then I wouldn't be laughing at older game grumps videos. They've changed their demographic to young kids and the lgbtq community (which I have no problem with those people btw).  But not only that they've changed basically everything. The content, thumbnails, titles, power hours, everything they're putting out now just feels like a spit in all the OG fans faces. I loved game grumps. I would try and get all my friends to watch it. This isn't me 4-5 years ago either (even tho I was doing that). This was me up to like 2 years ago trying to get my friends to watch them. They felt different than every other gaming channel. Quality, not click bait thumbnails, not click bait titles, titles that are actually about the video, even content nowadays they just repeat old jokes from their "glory days". Nowadays they don't even play games cause they want to but only for the sake of getting views. Plus with longer episodes, they're basically putting out longer, less quality content. They used to value quality over quantity. The mini skits, April fools day stuff, grump out stuff, ad skits (the one with Jon and Arin for shirts and the crunchyroll ads still crack me up), random videos like tasting weird fruits or game grumps hotline or eating the giant gummy bear, those type of videos that they did just to have some fun, the subtle humour from Matt and Ryan instead of Ben forcing out obnoxious garbage "humour", they would've got rid of ghoul/jingle grumps had people not complained. All that plus the thumbnail and titles and other things I listed before, they don't do ANY of that anymore. All these little things that nobody else was doing. It's the little things that make for quality stuff. It's these thing that drew me to them all those years ago. The power hour used to be one of my favourite things of theirs and used to actually put out quality stuff but now they just make a mess, literally. Like I'm not 10, I don't get entertained by grown men making a literal mess out of things. I don't even know why they bother having a theme or topic for power hours anymore cause they never legitimately try and accomplish something. Nothing's well thought out. Might as well just give them random shit from the trash and it would probably turn out the same. For example look at Unus Annus. If you don't know it's a channel run by Mark (Markiplier) and Ethan (crankgameplays). I've always liked Mark but I hadn't really watched his Markiplier channel in a while even tho I was subbed. And I honestly didn't even like Ethan that much. So when I first heard about this Unus Annus channel run by them, I just brushed by it. But about a month ago I watched a few of their vids and I've been hooked since. Basically each video is them trying to accomplish something or them trying something new with a professional instructor. What I love about their channel is they're being genuine. Sure they make jokes and are trying to make each other laugh but they take whatever they're doing seriously and actually try to accomplish something. And again this is coming from someone who didn't really even like Ethan. I really like the guy now. I love how they are genuinely trying to accomplish the task they have and aren't making fun of whatever they're doing. They're putting out quality stuff and I've been subbed ever since I first gave them a try. I couldn't help but think, this is what the power hour should be. Two guys genuinely trying to accomplish something. I've gotten off track. There's probably more stuff that bothers me that I missed but I assume you get my point. Matt and Ryan were saving their channel but when they left, game grumps left. Supermega today is what game grumps used to, and still should, be. One last thing, I understand why Arin gets hate but I think he gets too much over the top hate. Like he's allowed to have his opinion on games. Just because he doesn't like your favourite game doesn't mean you have to shit on him. Sometimes he deserves it but a lot of times he doesn't. On the other hand Dan gets his dick sucked by all these new fan girls that tell him he can do no wrong. I'm not saying Dan should get hate but tone the dick sucking down a bit jeez. They treat him like a God. He just reuses jokes. His whole thing was to tell life stories cause he knows jack shit about games after 2000 but he's run out of things to tell. He just adds random commentary now that honestly isn't funny. He can never carry out a joke, he just goes "you know what I've never thought about that". He's become so passive, bland, and boring. He's so out of touch not only with games but just in general. Arin actually has personality and used to be really entertaining and funny when he was just being himself. Plus he actually knows a lot about games. He knows what's popular, video game wise and culture wise. Arin playing runescspe with supermega was game grumps' last best series cause all three of those guys could bounce off one another and actually carry on a bit. Even in the Mario party and monopoly play throughs, Arin, Matt, and Ryan were constantly bouncing jokes off one another and there were times when Dan was just talking to himself cause he had nothing to add. Arin could be himelf cause there were others carrying the load for him but he should just always be himself. That's the best Arin. But take Supermega off and Arin turns into a COMPLETELY different person when it's just him and Dan. Let me just end this by saying I love Dan and Arin. They carried me through highschool and even a bit in university. They're good people and anyone claiming otherwise is an idiot. They've just lost what made them special because of all the reasons I listed above. Trust me I REALLY REALLY don't wanna feel like this but you can't choose how you feel. I wouldn't have made this long ass rant if I didn't love those guys