At every single job I've had, there's always those people that have a problem with me but never tell me what's going on. Instead, they go around talking shit on me to all the coworkers and management, lying and making up stories and fabricating what actually happened. I don't understand the reason behind people doing this. I don't get how people can go to work and complain about "all this stress" and "negative environment" when they're the ones causing it. Here's a fun fact: I dislike the majority of the people I work with, and a few of them I can go as far to say as I hate them. But with that being said, I still don't go out of my way to be disrespectful or do anything to them no matter how much I dislike them. I still do what I am told and what is expected of me while entirely avoiding any conversation whatsoever that does not involve work in any way. I've had my moments of being petty, I will admit that. But I quickly realized just how much worse it made the situation and how much more toxic it made it at work. Why in the world would you go out of your way to make work far more miserable than it needs to be? You could literally keep yourself busy, get out of your feelings and be a team player and just get on with your work week. It's so fucking simple. And maybe instead of making up stories to management and talking mad shit to the other employees, how about you confront me like a mature adult instead of a little middle school bitch? If I do something wrong it's never on purpose. I'm an adult. I can be talked to. I can take polite respectful input and work together to change the problem. But no, we gotta talk shit like we're soo tough and whine and cry and lie and then suddenly you need me to help you? Yeah, if I don't have to, I won't. I'm the only one who can cover your shift because you can't come in? Sounds like you're gonna have to take a fat writeup for not finding someone to cover you. I just don't understand the logic behind making work toxic. If you're that fucking bored, you need more work expected of you. If you're that bored at home, get a hobby and quit being  a cunt. I don't care how stressful your life is. Mine is stressful too. No one here is special because we're all here to get a paycheck and feed our families. I don't care about problems you have at home or how you feel. This is work, a place of business and you need to act professional. If you can't handle that, then leave and give your space you're wasting to someone who is competent enough to work. I'm tired of being sympathetic to people who act disrespectful at work and act special. No one fucking cares, just grow up and do your work. Simple as that. No reason to add all this drama into it. I know it'll never change, but it feels good to get this off my chest.