I’ve had my permit for two years. During those two years there’s been plenty of opportunities to drive with my mother, but every time she doubles back with a lame excuse. There’s even been a five month period where she didn’t work at all and she still refused to drive with me. While I managed to get my 30 hours in with her, it’s been on the same exact 10 mile stretch of road. Nowhere else. Is it possible to still pass my drivers test despite driving the same exact stretch of road? Or will they see that despite over 30 hours of driving time I’m still inexperienced? I really need my license because my college is in the next state and my mother absolutely *refuses* to drive me there. I can’t go to a college that is closer to me because this specific college has the slew of courses and stuff. It’s to the point that she told me that I could drive the 2 1/2 hours home from picking up a friend, then suddenly changed her mind and said we could stop at a town on the way home and I could drive the 1 1/2 hours home, then she got scared and changed her mind *yet again* and decided no, I’m not going to drive. I ended up driving 20 minutes home on a back road because she was too scared of me driving. And she isn’t scared because I’m a terrible driver or anything, she also gets scared when her parents drive. She gets scared when anyone other than her is driving. But yet she refuses to drive me to college, to a city that has a Walmart, etc. And when I bring this up she gets pissed. She gets angry when I ask her to drive me places yet she won’t sit in the passenger seat and allow me to waste my own fuel to get driving experience. Earlier this year she refused to let me drive even the same 10 mile stretch of road on the highway (basically from my town to the next town, and she’d have me drive the back roads) and I got sick of her limiting my driving because she is too scared to sit in the passenger seat that one night I had told her I was going for a drive with a friend who had her license on the stretch of road and I booked it onto the highway and drove for an hour until I reached a small town. She got pissed but now she doesn’t complain about me driving the highway. At this point I’m about ready to grab a licensed friend and drive to another state so she’ll quit telling me I can’t drive because I am too inexperienced with high speeds. The only reason I’m nervous about driving in town larger than 1,000 populations or at high speeds is because she won’t give me any chance to drive. I have my test scheduled for the 27th in a town that I’ve only driven in *once* in two years. TWO YEARS. I haven’t driven outside of my hometown and the neighbouring town with her for the TWO YEARS IVE HAD MY PERMIT. I try to talk to her about this but it always ends up with argueing. Just tonight I tried to have a civil conversation and she started yelling at telling me she’s sorry she’s not a “perfect parent” I just want her to spend an hour or two driving on a goddamned highway with me and she won’t fucking do it. Sorry about how long this is, it’s been a topic we’ve been constantly arguing about for two years and I’m really fucking nervous to get my license because I haven’t had enough driving practice outside of two towns despite driving for 30+ hours. I hope I don’t get docked points if I get so nervous I start to cry. All of my classmates had their probation all licenses at 16 and here I am, I spent my own money on drivers ed, spent my own money on two learners permits, spent my own money on my own vehicle and insurance and gas and everything so she wouldn’t complain about me wasting her gas. And she STILL won’t drive, despite having almost six months off of work last year to drive with me