My boyfriend (27m) and I (25f)have been together for almost 5 years now. For the past four of those years I feel like I have been pulling most of the weight in our relationship. I got us an apartment and paid for all of it, I got my first car that we then shared and even let him use majority of the time to get to work, I ended buying our first house (all in my name), co signed for a second car in his name (yes I know I shouldnt have done that)... anyhow finantial issues have always been the stress in our relationship. I make more which I dont mind but it's always me constantly paying Bill's and never having any money left to spend on us or myself. We dont really celebrate holidays with gifts or go out much. I spend more time with my dad and my co workers then I do with him. He works at a good place but it doesn't pay much and recently after telling him he was getting promoted it seems like he keeps coming back with bad news. He has to go back to school now or he wont start until march. On top of money issues I've been very emotional of where we stand as a couple. When I close my eyes and think of our future I just dont see much. I'm terrified to have children, and I cant imagine being able to say yes if he ever asked me to marry him which i doubt he would do anytime soon. And I know I shouldnt compare myself to other couples but even a coworker I have know since I started my job here is getting married to his girl he only knew for two years. I feel sad to see all my friends getting married and left out because part of me doesnt want to believe that hes not the one. I should know by now right? I've always been doubtful since the day we met but we always managed to make things work. I've mentioned taking a break or even breaking up a few times and he doesnt take me seriously. Then when I get upset over something things will get better but then always go back to the same old. He is not abusive or anything but part of me just feels held back. I love him but I feel like maybe there is someone who can love him better for him and someone can love me better then him because I just feel like I've put so much of myself out there to give to him and maybe I'm selfish but I want more back. I dont know what advice I'm looking for. I think deep down I know. Im ranting, or maybe complaining. My heart just feels heavy and I needed to get it off my chest.