I know this is sort of an old discussion and I know people tend to disagree with this a lot but I am here to say that Astroworld, in my opinion, is better than Rodeo. So am a big Travi$ Scott fan and I do believe he has a superb discography and his discography is so good that there are many debates on what is his best album. In my opinion, Astroworld is his best album and Rodeo isn't that far behind. The reason why I think Astroworld is Travi$ Scott’s best album is that not only does it not have one song worth skipping (with exception to NC-17 imo) but also it’s the fact that Astroworld has an impact beyond the music. Now let me elaborate on my point on how Astroworld is “beyond the music”. Most remember how long the album was teased for and we all thought that the album was supposed to come out after Rodeo instead of Birds. With this in mind, it shows how long Travis planned this whole concept of Astroworld. Not only did he know what he’d call this album but he knew what theme it would follow. He planned all of this. He planned the psychedelic vibe that each one of his songs would give off. Travis did things that I’ve never seen others do before. He was able to reopen Astroworld because of the album and he recently was able to advertise his Astroworld theme in one of the world's most popular games “Fortnite” (does not mean I like Fortnite) and make millions off of it by having a concert on the video game. Who does stuff like this? The things he did musically with this album and the things he did outside of the music with this album is absolutely amazing and game-changing. I do think why some people say rodeo is better than Astroworld is because of the nostalgia they have with it but also some people want to sound like they are old fans or they may like the album more. But all in all that’s my take this is NO disrespect towards RODEO it’s just Travis had more ability with Astroworld to make it something huge because he was more musically experienced and understood how to make a hit album after being able to release Rodeo and Birds and learn off of those albums.