A couple of months ago, I asked my boyfriend to start asking expressly before any sexual act. We hadn't been doing that before, just asking before oral or penetrative sex, which we were both okay with I had just been feeling anxious lately and wanted a little more concreteness. He said okay and asked if anything was wrong, I said no, this is just how I would like to proceed from now on. That was fine the next day and it went over great. The day after that, we finally got out of bed and I got dressed. I put on a dress (rare for me) and he told me I looked really good, I said thanks. He left to go to the bathroom and when he walked back past my room he stopped in the doorway and again told me that I looked good. I said thanks again and then he started kissing me. I was next to the wall, and he wasn't necessarily pressing but something in my brain turned off and I froze. We kissed some more and then he started touching me, he never asked. We made it over to the bed very quickly and started to have penetrative sex. I told him I didn't want to do it with the dress on, so he stopped and I took off the dress. Then he kept going. I felt weird about the whole thing, because he'd never just sprung anything on me before and I realized that I really didn't want to be having sex and I was not having fun, so I said "hey can we stop?" And he stopped and we laid down in the bed next to each other and he asked me if everything was okay. I said yes, but that that had been weird and then I reminded him about the conversation we'd had the other day. He immediately apologized sincerely and I started crying. He asked if I needed some space, and I said yes. He went to the living room and I stayed in my room for about an hour. When I finally came out, he apologized again and it was a sincere apology. I cried some more and apologized for "having a shitty brain" and he said that I didn't have to apologize and that it, again, was wrong of him to have done that. Then he asked if I wanted something to eat and he made me a grilled cheese. After that, he's been really good about asking before doing anything. A couple of times I've had to remind him right before he does something or stop doing whatever until he asks, and I've gotten more comfortable saying no to things. He always stops if I say no and will ask me if I'm comfortable if I seem to be in pain. Flash forward to now, the past couple of weeks I've been thinking about that incident and it's been making me anxious to the point where I feel like I'm about to have a panic attack. I brought it up again and told him I didn't think we'd addressed that enough and he apologized again but we didn't say very much else because we were in the middle of a larger conversation. Last night he told me that he had been raped by a girlfriend in high school and talked to me about how it had made him mistrusting and anxious about sex. I wanted to tell him that that's how I feel right now, but it seemed like the wrong time and I didn't want to hop into that conversation while he was vulnerable. I want to have that conversation, how do I start?