During her first year of college, my girlfriend was violently raped at a party. She and her friend were extremely drunk and a man held her down and raped her while her friend helplessly passed out on the floor from her drunken state. She said it was the worst pain she ever felt in her life and was bleeding everywhere. She was rushed to the hospital soon after the incident and kept passing out and throwing up all over the place from the incident. This incident left her mentally scarred. She has serious depression and anxiety from that day and has trouble doing every day activities because when she thinks about the incident her mind goes into shock and she cries. In person, she has randomly cried a lot and I didn't know what it was from until one day when she told me about the rape. She texts me every other day while doing schoolwork or anything slightly challenging saying "I can't do it anymore, I can't do it anymore" while crying on FaceTime for several hours. I also seem to be the only support in her life. I have seen her when her mind is not on the rape incident and she is a cheerful person with many hobbies, interests, and a hugely positive attitude on life. When a thought about that college that she attended, her friend that was there, her period, or the month when it happened triggers her memory of the event, she cries, runs away into solitude and gets very angry. Her anger toward the guy who raped her is incalculable because from what I understand, he joined the army and changed his name. (Her friends did some research and they have tried to find this SoB but to no avail). My girlfriend visits a psychiatrist but nothing seems to help. It is really sad to see her unable to function in normal human life because all she can think about is getting raped. What should she do to help herself, what can I do to help her, and what can we do to find the man who raped her?  How can she return to normal functioning life. She has not told me all the information about him because I did not want to push her to talk about the incident if it made her uncomfortable. I assume that there are people out there that can help bring this sorry excuse for a man to justice and I would like to help her. I love her and I feel horrible every time I see my girlfriend depressed, angry, and afraid in her life because of this incident when she was violated and harmed. Thank you for your thoughts.