My abusive ex *unfortunately also baby's father* was really emotionally and sexually abusive and recently his most recent baby mama came to me and admitted he had rape her many times during their relationship. I encouraged her to go to the police with it. I had him arrested 2 years ago when we broke up because he strangled me and punched me in the face, and when I was asked if there was any sexual violence I said only coercion because I was afraid all of our shared friends were already going to hate me, and I was constantly gaslight and manipulated by him, so I was absolutely heartbroken and terrified and confused and I was for some reason afraid that he would hate me even more for reporting that. So I said no. There was a no contact order put in place for him which he ignored. He hid on a roof of a neighbouring build outside of my house to spy on me *at least once idk how many times* and he made several new social media accounts to manipulate me into getting back together with him. I was 4 months post partum and was depressed and heartbroken and socially isolated *because he told me all of my friends probably hated me* and I was just stupid. Sobi briefly took him back and didnt continue with writing a victim statement so he was let off the hook with only anger management classes. I never went back and reported him because we were on and off seeing each other again because I was a depressed, lonely idiot. But him and his new baby mama got together very very shortly after I left him and she pregnant very soon into the relationship. They broke up a few months ago, and shes finally talking about how horrible he treated her. He was awful to me, but he was so much worse to her. The only thing is she doesnt have proof. So i went through all of the messages her sent me and I have several confessions from him on his discord, some of them admitting to forcing me into sex, and some of them admitting to hitting me. Is it likely the police will see these as reasonable evidence of him assaulting her aswell?