I'm a young adolescent and I'm falling apart during this quarantine/lockdown in my country. My relationship feels like it's falling apart and I recently found out of resentments that my partner has against me revolving our sex life. They said "you've always had problems revolving sex" and that it frustrates them. I go through stages of being hypersexual and sex repulsed bc I have been sexually abused multiple times in my life. I was molested as a small child and then again by a family member at 14 and again by some guy I met up with when I was 18. I tried to ask them what problems did they mean that I have around sex and they did not want to continue the conversation further. I just can't stop hating myself. It seems like when I was hypersexual I used to be upset about him having a low sex drive and when I became sex repulsed I was triggered bc of some phrases he used (which were used by my abuser) so all of this frustrated him. I tried to explain to him how this works but he doesn't understand and idk if he wants to. He says that he still loves me and wants to be with me forever but for now I can't give him what he needs sexually because of the resentments he has towards me. Having these relationship problems caused by my trauma while I'm stuck at home all the time really is messing with my head. I've been reliving my trauma in nightmares recently and now every time that I masturbate I remember things and end up crying. I truly feel like tainted and broken forever. Everyone single one of the men and women that abused me have ruined me forever. I feel like I am damaged goods. Idk why he still wants to be with me, who wants to be with a girl that got raped and has so many problems with sex? I'm just broken. I don't know how to stay calm, I keep having suicidal thoughts and panic attacks and I have no one to go to. I have my partner but I don't feel comfortable about talking to him regarding any of this, as I feel like that may have started the problems in the first place. I just feel like a burden and if my partner would be better off without a girl like me who's all messed up and complicated.