So when I was 17 I went to my first real event with alcohol that wasn't family related, in my country it is legal to drink at 18, I had my sister's ID and went with a group of friends. I got very drunk and ended up making out with a guy 4 years my senior (I'm going to call him John Doe), at the time I recognized him but couldn't exactly remember his name. It turned out that he was in a course with one of my sisters and I was the talk of the school for a little while. Over the course of the next year I'd be out for friend's birthdays or out at the local nightclub and I'd see him. At one of my friend's birthday's I ended up making out with him again and went back to his car to get it on but that didn't exactly work out because I was again very drunk and just very inexperienced, at this stage I was 18. By then he was known to be an asshole and so I decided to keep my distance from him after hearing such things. I however believed in giving him the benefit of the doubt and when I was 18 re-attended the same event I met and first made out with him at. This time however I went with my two older sisters, he was there again but I only bumped into him once or twice. I for the most part kept my distance, that is until the end of the night. I left the venue and at this stage if you left you weren't getting back in. I noticed one of my friends was there and spoke to him and eventually he left to go home. It was then that John Doe approached me and we began to talk. I've a genuine blur in my system from walking to one side of the building to another. But we did and when there he began making out with me, I kept trying to push him back and saying no because I wanted to go back to my sisters but he wouldn't listen. I am quite, and still am, an open person and I have no shame in telling people my kinks, I think it is something that should be embraced honestly. I had on one occasion spoken to him about it at a nightclub with another friend present and we all jokes about it. I never imagined it would be used against me. As I tried to push him away again he took his hand and grabbed me by the throat pushing down tightly to the point that I couldn't breathe. Once he released me he went back to making out with me and I was so desperate to get out of there as soon as possible. I kept trying to push him off though and telling him no as well as trying to find excuses saying my sisters were near and I wanted to go to them. The music from the even was quite loud so even if I screamed no one would come because they wouldn't hear me, there weren't any cameras and there weren't any witnesses. He took me by the wrist and dragged me into a ditch were he forced me to perform oral sex. He also forced his hands into me. I felt sick to my stomach but I knew if I didn't make some sort of response he'd keep it up so I would fake moan. I still feel like maybe that was the wrong move to make. Once he had his share of it all he told me to leave first and then he'd leave afterwards so no one would see us. Immediately I was confused and eventually broke down into tears in front of hundreds of others. Eventually my sisters friends found me and i blurted out what happened to me. I wanted my sisters so badly I wanted to go home so bad. Eventually my sisters were found and a friend brought me home. I slept with my mother that night and for the entirety of it I wept and kept repeating how I said no. For hours I stayed awake and wept with my Mom doing her best to comfort me. A few days after it happened i got a call from the police, my sister had went to them about the issue even though i had planned to do it myself. I wasn't ready to talk about it then but felt if I didn't now I'd probably not do it till it was too late. So I told the police everything, they took my clothes from that night and brought me to a rape center where they went over it all again and took samples as well as photos of all of my bruises. For a few months i refused to go to counselling before eventually agreeing. I went once and never again. I rather not have someone empathize with me about it honestly. Some days I'm great with it other days I'm not. I ended up going to college which made things easier deal with. Anyways a couple of months ago I had my bestfriend (she went to the police and rape center with me btw) and another guy friend over for a night of drinking. I got very drunk and blacked out but basically this guy who I called a friend is saying I forced myself onto him but my bestfriend is saying that never happened. I feel sick to my stomach hearing this, I don't know what to believe anymore. I don't want to say he is lying because I don't remember but the actual thought of hurting someone like how I was makes me feel so sick and so much pain. I just don't know what to do anymore. I hate myself so much thinking I could be a rapist. I want to kill myself over it sometimes and I am so afraid to be left alone anymore. I'm just not able deal with it all anymore, I have considered going to the police regarding myself but I don't know what to do. If it is true how can I live with myself? How can I live knowing I hurt someone like that? I'm sorry for the rant, I haven't slept yet and it's been more than 20hrs of me being awake honestly. I'm just such a mess I can't take it. I'm so scared.