My story is a bit complicated. I have high functioning autism, otherwise known as Asperger's syndrome. Although I have other conditions things that my rapist has been trying to use against me to keep me get police help when he tries to stalk and intimidate me. He didn't know about this at all. I've spent 16 years in therapy on and off to deal with this and other issues. I'm a great actress, I play the neuro typical game like a pro. I'm not like other people, when he does things to provoke me it just makes me angry which actually is a very productive emotion for me. He tries to scare me I call the police, if they dont comply I call and threaten the police department with a very serious threat of lawyering up and slapping a 6 figure lawsuit in the case that this guy comes to get me again. Recently something happened and my rapist did something stupid, I'm sure he thought he was being smart but I'm a larger very serious threat to the police department than he ever could have imagined. I think around the time I figured out what was going on and dropped him, not even bothering to listen to whatever fucking thing he had said to me in the message platform we had used he was legitimately falling for me and actually considering having sex without drugging me. He had no idea what I am actually like. He had no idea that I always had leverage, that I could drop him in a second and never consider him again. I dont get too emotional honestly and I always have someone else I can call. I dont know if hes scared or obsessing over me but whatever it is hes playing a dangerous game. I'm very intelligent and hes sloppy fueled by obsession and desire. I guess he drank the kool aid. Oh he actually tried to access an important folder to permanently delete data to uphold whatever dumb shit thing he thought he could do to get exonerated. Its going to be interesting to see how this plays out with the police because at the end of the day they're much more motivated to help me. Honestly this type of shit gets me angry and makes me a more efficient problem solver. My rapist got me by pretending to be someone like me but in the end hes not someone like me. Hes sloppy and emotional. I write this post so that victims of sexual assault can get some hope that if you hold the police accountable and see your rapist for what they are it helps you to fight. As someone who has been a victim of this kind of thing before in my teenage years. I'm an adult now and I can put him in jail. I hope this is encouraging because if they go to jail they'll get raped. Take solace in this, they cant win 100 percent of the time. Eventually they're going to meet someone like me, someone they shouldn't have fucked someone who they can only spook. I hope this is encouraging. Goodnight ladies.