I'm 22 years old F and need some help. I always turn to Reddit for answers and especially now I feel like I have nowhere else to turn. I'm not sure if my experience is considered rape and I just need honest opinions from people to help me understand. Right now on twitter, a lot of my friends and other survivors are posting their age and stuff of when they were raped and it has been triggering some emotions about an experience I had. I'm too scared to tell anyone what happened because I'm not sure if it was rape so I decided to do it anonymously here. I was 21 and I had known the person for about 4 years. We always had an on and off thing even when I left for college. He was sort of my hometown fling when I was home for break. Last winter when I went to go see him and hook up we had started foreplaying and we were about to have sex. I asked if he had a condom because at the time I was seeing my ex (we weren't officially together but I didn't want to risk anything). He gets mad that I was asking about a condom and asked if I was seeing someone else even though we were always casual throughout the years. I panicked and said no but still wanted to use a condom. He leaves the room to ask his roommate if he had one and comes back to say that he didn't. I was laying on his bed naked thinking that I was just gonna finish him off (oral) or just go home. He lays next to me and then the next thing I know he rolls over on top of me, grabs my arm really tight/ pining me, and then forces himself. I was so scared and embarrassed I didn't know what to do so I froze and let it happen. After he was done I just started getting dressed and he says, "thought you didn't want to have sex without a condom." I just left and felt disgusted and how I was never going to see him again. I never considered it as rape because I never said anything like no or told him to stop all I knew was that I didn't want to have sex without a condom. I decided to just forget about it and pretend like it didn't happen. It wasn't until around a month or 2  later when I would see things that would trigger my feelings like things about rape and I would just start crying. So now it's been a little over a year and seeing this twitter stuff as brought it up again. I haven't seen him or hooked up with him since then. I've felt really guilty about it for not saying no or trying to stop him and I'm scared to tell people because I don't know what it was. I would really appreciate it if I could hear your opinions on it. I can't really find any similar stories so I'm not sure if it was just my fault. I want to hear the truth so please don't hold back. Thank you.