It was our first time meeting in person.  We were making out. We had gotten over our heads. I told you I didn’t want to have sex. I told you before I got to New York. I told you in the moment many times. You said okay. I tried to push you away from me. You promised me you wouldn’t penetrate me. You said you knew I didn’t want it. You understood. You would never hurt me. I trusted you fully. I shouldn’t have. You kept moving my hands. I kept saying no. You kept promising you knew I didn’t want it and would never hurt me. Next thing I know, you through my legs over my shoulders and penetrated me.  I had bruises all week and I didn’t know what to do.  It took me awhile to process. I was so in shock. You knew I was a virgin and you took my choice away. I was in pain and cried in the shower. You didn’t care. I confronted you in the car. You admitted. You knew. So please stop denying. I’ve tried so hard to get through it and I’m in counciling for it. It hurts me so badly when you do. You also know what you did to me. It hurts me when you say you didn’t. You devalue all my pain. Please honestly reflect on what you’ve done and see you actions. Just think of how you’ve hurt me. When I confronted you in December, I thought you’d love me and be broken for what you did. That you would hold me and tell me you were sorry. I thought you loved me so greatly and would care for my pain you caused.  Instead you blamed me.  You said girls say no when they mean yes and my no wasn't a hard no.  I wish I didn't love you.  I wish I didn't care.  I'm so glad learned you had been lying on your past before you proposed.  I am so glad I learned you lied to me on your past.  Gave me a STD and blamed it on me.  I wish I wouldn't have given up my life for you.  I wish I wouldn't have moved for you hoping you'd change.  I wish I didn't love you and it was easier to let go.  You caused me so much pain but I can't see my life without you.  I wish I didn't keep reaching out. I wish I could have never met you.