I really just need some advice. My roommate sexually assaulted me while I was asleep in mid January. He knew he fucked up. I had just lost my job and said please leave me alone until I can find a new job and I will move out. He has continue to try to force me to listen to his thoughts on feelings on the last year and has been completely not listening to my wishes which has kept me in a complete mental tailspin for all of this time. On Thursday he told me he was going to move out at the end of April. I live in downtown In a majorly expensive city and have no job. I have no way to get an apartment that fast that would allow a tenant with no letter of employment. He has broken me. That news made me accept that the only thing I can do to put myself back together is move home with my parents and basically lose the life and career I have built here for the last 8 years. I have feelings of failure but I feel incapable of dealing with this all at once, I know the best thing I can do for myself now is to go home and heal. However he revealed that he told my two friends. I used to work with him at a company and the two people he told also work there. I hang out with both of them outside of work regularly. They are not his friends , he doesn’t hang out with them outside of work. I am completely distraught that he told my two best industry contacts and friends that he violated me. I feel like a victim all over again, they both had asked me what was going on and I made the very difficult decision to basically protect him. I didn’t think I would gain anything from sharing something that private with them, they aren’t that kind of close friends but they are friends, and I didn’t think it was right to have him at work with people knowing he sexually assaulted me. And he told them. I told him how insane and hurtful it was for him to do that and He respondEd extremely cruelly , the more he forces interaction with me but the more he seems to be mad at me for how insane he is driving me. He in no way indicated that he would not continue to tell people that know me and that I very well could work with again in the future. I never reported the assault. However he confessed in text messages the following day. I now feel I have no choice but to report it but my question is without pressing charges is there any way to try to prevent him from telling more people in the industry? Is it legally wrong in any way to do that ? Or is it just something that I will have to add to my mental pile of things I am powerless over? I only know that it feels Incredibly wrong.Thanks for any advice.