My moms brother has recently caught the Coronavirus and so my mom's side of the family has met up literally  every single day to pray for his health. I don't want to go to these meet ups because my uncle was my rapist. He forced me when he was babysitting me when I was on kindergarten. My parents were immigrants and worked for the majority for the day and my kindergarten class has these on and off days where two separate classes would share the same teacher. Normally it would be my dad watching over us but he had to go somewhere I forget where, but that left my uncle, me, and my toddler brother. I think he was around 2 at the time and I'm hoping he doesn't remember. But he forced me in my parents room with my little brother running and jumping around is since he was a kid. He did this another time later on when I as a year older bit he only did it twice. I'm afraid to tell my mom because that's her younger brother and he's dying I'm a teenager now so I don't have proof against him. I imagine my mom wouldn't do anything because she doesn't like confrontation and then if I do tell her I'm afraid she's going to tell everyone she knows about it. She gossips a lot to her church friends and I don't want her to do that. She did that a lot when my sister was cutting herself and she would go around telling everyone about it, and I don't want to be the girl who got raped by her uncle. My uncle is very respected at church so I don't think anyone would believe me anyway. And when my mom tells them that means I have to deal with their opinions. The people at church have always been sexist and very opinionated about me because I have certain beliefs that conflict with theirs. And there's also the problem with my other family, they will probably spread rumors about me and yell for either letting myself get raped or for telling them now and not earlier. The thing is I don't think they'll care about me just their own reputation as the family. I'm just scared to tell anyone. My mom gathered my siblings together at like 11:40ish literally moments ago to pray for my uncle, so now we're done and in writing this. I of course felt bitter inside and she scolded my for always being angry when we pray and that god is there to help us and I thought in my head "Why wasn't god there to help me from getting raped."