i’m posting this behalf of my friend, this happened over a year and half ago but she feels conflicted ab it. so she liked a guy and they have madeout with each other on two occasions and then he stopped talking to her after a while. one night he invited her to a frat party and she was kinda excited / nervous had a gut feeling something might spark between them and was sorta expecting it. she came to the party high and she was too nervous to talk to him and took a couple shots to gain the confidence to talk to him and was a little tipsy. he was more drunk than her since and then he was sitting by himself on his phone and one of her friends encouraged her to talk to him bc of this her to talk to him so she did. they eventually madeout and he took her outside to talk. they were walking around the apartment complex and they sat down somewhere and were talking and he out of no where touched her breast and she said “no not here” and then she suggested that they can go to his room so he texted his roommate if he can have the room but the roommate said no that he was in there. so she suggested that they can go to his car and they walked there and he said he has sobered up + he was walking fine she didnt need to help him walk + he went to his dorm to get something + cleaned the back of his car so they can engage in sexual acts + he was the one who took off her pants. they also were having conversations while intercourse and he was talking dirty to her and they did it raw and he also drooled. they were having anal and she said to stop but he still kept his penis there and he said sorry. then he got a call from his friend that one of his friends was really drunk and that they needed help so he had to go and he was fine walking there by himself. she has no idea if he drank more after that and maybe thats why he doesnt remember too but who knows. the next morning he accused my friend of taking advantage of him because he did not remember then two months later he apologized for that bc he didnt want things to be awkward anymore. they were fine for a while and then my friend initiated being sexual and he did want to and they had sex twice after that. he also told my friend he liked her but then he ghosted and they havent talked in over a year now but my friend is just unsure ab the situation and her friends say he was dumb for accusing her. but i have looked up some scenarios regarding this and well some have diff opinions