Hello, I am looking to get back into rc cars, but am not sure what I should get. I dont want to spend too much or break the bank. I also don't need anything insane, I have a car payment so i have to prioritize that before an rc car, but I have some cash. I also found out my neighbor own the hobbystore, so i may be able to get a little bit of a discount. I had a traxxas rustler, and I hated it, Obviously it was an rc car so it was fun, but the quality was so bad, and my biggest problem was the batteries, and i had to buy so many of them, i used them maybe 10 times if i was lucky, and they fell apart, and i had to wait until christmas or my birthday unil i got new batteries as a gift or got cash to buy new ones. I admit that it was a good beginner car, but I dont need anything insane, and The cost to use ratio was not very good in my opinion. I have been looking at the Losi mini 8ight-T and it seems like a really great car, and I don't need a bunch of insane upgrades, and i can run stock, and from everything that ive seen so far, it seems to be the best option, and reasonably priced, and if i keep stock, from what ive seen it is really durable...and another plus is batteries are 1/3 of the price of what they were for the traxxas rustler i had. Its slightly smaller, so that means its cheaper if i do end up breaking it too. It seems like the best option without breaking the bank, and also looks like if I do end up wanting to upgrade in the future, i have seen videos of people getting it to go over 100mph+ so that doesnt seem to be a problem either if i do eventually want to upgrade. I haven't been up to date with the rc cars, and losi seems better than traxxas, and like a better option. Any other suggestions would be appreciated, and I am wondering if thre is a better model in the same class or price range becuase now the mini 8ight-T is 3 years old, but seems to be good still, but I am not sure what has changed if anything or any new improvements that would make a different rc car a better option.