I adopted a 9 year old rescue about 3 months ago. We got him from a rescue where he was fostered for 5 months with his foster parents. He is leash reactive and will bark and jump at dogs when he’s on a leash, but does okay off leash. He does well with our other dog (a 3 year old female mixed breed) as well. His foster parents told us he loves the dog park and that they took him all the time and he was always far away from scuffles or things like that. We have taken him to the dog park since adopting him many times and he’s always very happy and playful and we have never had issues. However today when I took him he was acting aggressive towards several different dogs. It started almost immediately when we walked in the gate. At first I just thought he might have been overwhelmed because there were a lot of dogs rushing towards us at the entrance. So I moved us to a different end of the park and he was fine for a few minutes and then out of nowhere he jumped at a dog making some really mean growls as if he was going to possibly mount this dog. I pulled him off pretty easily and immediately leashed him up. I went and told my sister (who was there with her dog) That he was acting out a bit and was concerned because that wasn’t his usual behavior there. I decided I was going to probably take him home to be cautious and as I was telling her this he jumped towards and made the same mean growls at a different dog. Luckily I had him leashed up at this point so he didn’t actually come in contact with this dog. The whole way out he was making growls at dogs. I felt awful. One that he may have scared other dog owners and dogs at the park and two that I possibly have been taking him to dog parks when that’s not something he is ready for. I’m at a loss and would love some advice. I think we may take a break from dog parks with him for a while. He’s my first leash reactive dog so I’m learning everyday the best ways to manage his anxieties, but it’s definitely hard some days, especially days like today.