This is my first time talking public about this so here it goes: I have a FUCKED UP MOTHER. And by Having a Fucked up Mother, really fucked my Head up. The crazy part, she never raised me due to her decisions in the past but she still ended back in my life. I am 22 years old now. I've been through a lot , throughout my whole life until the age i am at now. My mother came back (VISITING) in my life when i was about 13 years old and I thought life is about to change in the most blessing way for me, i was totally wrong. Life went totally south!! even worst than it was before she came in my life. My mother did some pretty fucked up things through out the years, and till this day i bet she will say It was me cause i did this or i said this.. Worst thing she did to me, is make me Feel Unloved, and just a waste of mass, where i felt like life is just not worth living, it's not worth having any type of relationship. if thats makes sense. there were times where i was ready to end shit. My mother fucked up my self esteem. She fucked up my motivation up. I was just so empty. I hated myself. Every time i look in the mirror i seen this woman, who birth me, cause I look so much like her, i even sound like her at sometimes and it makes me sick to my gut. Like i just felt so empty inside where i didn't care about life or outcomes. I started doing things just to numb the pain. Just to get way and keep myself busy to stay away from her. Cause I always ended coming back to her, apologizing basically for the both of us, just because , I a mother, I just wanted to be loved for once, and HEARD, To have your mother sit there holding you and listening to you, and when you done saying everything and venting she will then say “Honey, baby it’s going to be okay, etc” BIG DREAMS HUH !! like on the movies ,I guess. For having the type of mother I have really fucked me up mentally, and physically. It just Fuck with any person I think Mentally? Can anybody a Agree? With me physically, I started to starve myself! So I wouldn’t get big like her, cause my mother is a heavy set woman and when I was heavy set we really looked a-liked. Ugh, Just never having or feeling that True Mother Love, it hurts. It Literally driven me insane, cause I just wanted that connection,or just to get that feeling. I kept going back with so much hope, but deep down I know its no hope in her or in my want to be relationship. I was basically hurting myself and allowing her to keep doing and saying the things to me and then my daily thoughts on top of that ain’t no help. Shit I haven’t even figured out what the hell I wanted to be YET (DO), I was in Community college, but hey was going through so much I said fuck it. Don’t have time for the productive shit. I just I kept Making excuses for her and then started to do it to myself. I have so much REGRESSIONS but the biggest regret out them all. I regret HATING MY SELF cause of another person! The woman who is my mother. I regret losing myself, and not being able to find myself. I regret where I let her actions, her behavior her addictions clouded my mind, and decision making. I was just so tired of having so much regrets, and definitely the ones involving my mother… Now I look at Life totally Different! from most people. Also I just wanted to say, My mother is the very root to the path I got lead on, but of all things I am the one to blame. Cause I allowed myself to stay on the path, and cloud my ways. So its a lot of thoughts and regrets. So Im not Blaming her but I am Blaming her if thats makes sense but I am BLAMING MYSELF for sure, cause I am my own person. But damn was I a Lost person and I’m still sort of kind of lost a little. But anyways…i had to come to a realization, YES this woman may gave birth to me but i am not that woman. I will never be that woman. I won't be like that woman. i won't allow her to make me feel the way i use too. My mother is not my Mother, and i am not her daughter. Just a BIRTHER for me! I’m just Tired of Living the way I don’t want to live, i’m also annoyed how long its taking to get where I want to get. But any who i’m done Keeping my thoughts on my mother inside, I’m done with allowing myself to let people cloud me definitely my mother. I want to Take Control for once. So i’m Speaking my Thoughts and feelings for once. There are some people who probably going through the same shit with Fucked up Parents and I just wanted to say YES ITS ROUGH but THERE HOPE IN US, if i’m saying It the right way. I have a lot more to say but this was weighing big on me. And I hope maybe people are interested in more of my thoughts so Yeah thanks ! Have a Blessed Day Y’all.