I cast a spell/ preformed a ritual to bring and bind financial security to me, emphasis on the binding. I’m pretty sure I called on any and all deities good and bad , light and dark, known and unknown, this spell/ ritual was done with intense fear and desperation. As I was performing the ritual the thought crossed my mind “ the only way this will work is if Gwen or Katie passed and I inherited their money , I would be just like a character in my favorite book, I wish I were her”. To be clear this was not a kill spell or curse ect and the main energy being given was fear, desperation and begging the universe and anyone who would help or listen. I still keep the items holding the spell in place because I fear financially ruin otherwise. A few years later Gwen passed completely unexpectedly. No one knows how she passed other than she was feeling sick and went home from work early and was found dead the next day. The family decided against an autopsy. I did inherit her money , far more than anyone knew she had. I also now have a better job that I love. Gwens mother had passed a few months prior and she was more upset over this than anyone knew. I feel awful and horrible, what if I caused this? I have dreamt of every single person in my life who has passed including animals multiple times but never her or her mother. Some background on me, I consider myself a natural witch it’s the way I have always related to the world and seem to feel dead inside if I don’t practice some kind of energy work , kitchen witchery and spending a lot of time absorbing nature’s energies. My grandmother identifies as Christian and won’t use the same terms but has expressed to me that since she was a child she has communication with spirits, astral projection and definitely some precognition and healing abilities even tho she doesn’t directly try. She thinks I am the same, I think I might be the same. Every spell I cast works in the period of a few years, often in interesting ways were something not great happens with me and I can sense my karma and energies are being cleared in order to make me stronger and make way for something better. I’ve also always had vague precognition where the things I worry over and picture happening come true in the way I picture or need them too. Did I cause this? I feel awful , lost and scared , so much guilt. I also feel the need to practice again but it brings on the guilt. If I caused this I can’t forgive myself , Gwen was loved by her family and I cared about her too. Please don’t hold back on your response I can’t talk to anyone and need straight feedback from people who take the occult as seriously as I do. I’ll also try to post in other Reddits as well. I apologize for the long post , I’m haunted and sick over this. I truly thank you all for your time.