Personally, i wanna say, you will always be stronger that those drugs!. I took Ecstasy and Tramadol/any Painkillers , for the last 3.5 years I’ve been taking pills non-stop. Smoking made it worse in the long run, it’s funny they tell us don’t do drugs but never get into which ones and how they look. At 15 I realized I had Depersonalization (Mental illness) but ignored it and kept doing drugs. All sophomore year I was drugged out , skipping school or not going at all. I ended up missing many days of school which lead me to going to court during the summer . During this phase I came to the realization that it was drugs keeping me away from %100 great mental health again. I was scared to smoke in fear of jail time so I quit, but pills? They stayed until 4 days before my court date. I had the worst withdrawals in my life that summer and it sucks. My last court date comes and I go, finish what I was told to do and I get dropped off home. I’m now in my room in a empty house because my family left (work) . I grabbed a bag of weed and rolled it up and after the first hit, my sense and grip of reality left. DP set in and I realized what caused the problem for my mental health. I threw that shit away but I still took pills, weed withdrawal isn’t something I cared about because the pill withdrawal hurt. I’m 16, going through terrible withdrawals hurting this where I went down a dark abyss. I was in drama/bs in school, povert at home, and a addict going through DP everyday. The only highlight of getting up in the morning, are the few seconds before I open my eyes and realize my problems and struggles. It’s a small moment of bliss it’s the closet I felt to being happy, oblivious to my problems or my own self harm before reality sets in. Pills pushed me backwards I wanted to quit but I needed them to get out of bed , speak, be productive, shower, leave my room, if it was anything physical if I wasn’t high I didn’t wanna do it. I was fucked up and ignored it because it’s how I coped. I would cry when it got bad on my knees balled up in the bathroom wanting to be free but the withdrawals hurt. I wanted to kill myself at one point thinking it’s no way out For me, this is life and for a year and 7 months it was until it got so bad I had to quit smoking and doing drugs or it was like nothing was real (DP). I was tired of crying, hurting my self, hurting my mental health , pretending to be fine, so I stopped for 2 months and hit some weed again, cool temptation will get u if your not strong. Finally on December, 27 2018 I smoked for the very last time I told myself I’m done and as of now , 16 months and 24 Days of no smoking. I still was popping pills I couldn’t handle withdrawals at work/school. I worked as a dishwasher, 17 new to it all. I had to be on drugs to work or I’d be sluggish barely working. I was ashamed of it but I brushed it off like I always do because I hate being social about myself . Depersonalization got worse during my pill taking, I couldn’t do anything without them like I’ve mentioned but it got worse because I finally had money of my own to buy drugs. I used to steal and burglarize for money . Everyday to go home to a terrible home where I slept on the floor , no pillow , covers , nothing but couch cushions that were too small. I’m really crying I used to cry about not having nothing to my name. My father died and we went into poverty. Tears are coming out of me because he was the reason why Im like this now I lost him before I graduated 8th grade . I wish He could see me, see what I’ve done, see my first girlfriend, my first conflict at school, my first job , my first fight , I was too young to understand how much he had done for me, I’m too late to let him know now. After that I’ve done so much and it hurts my dad can’t see me become a man on May 27 . I wish I could show him who he raised, walk across the stage , go to college, he left and I got into the street’s as of June of 2016. I can finally say it’s over dad, Im out the streets dad no more stealing pops , no more drugs , Ive been hurt for so long And it’s finally over. I’m sober as of May 3rd 2020. I quit April 1st last month due to Covid-19 and no job I couldn’t support my habit and that’s the best thing I got out of it. I don’t feel like I need to be high during work anymore, to socialize, talk to my family, friends, to love , to care, anything I’m finally starting to feel better, no withdrawals/ losing weight (I’m 97Ibs) /I drink more water and exercise at home. I naturally feel great without drugs and I love it. I don’t need pills Anymore dad your son made it out his situation. I’m going to his old house to take pictures and pay tribute at your grave pops. I love you dawg, something I never told you dad . I love you ❤️