 Hello everyone, I'm about to move into this new home on April 1st and I'm looking for some roommates! This home is amazing, big rooms, fruit trees, 3 car garage, awesome kitchen, game room, nice backyard, fire place, a great view of the lake, pool nearby, great location, everything you could ever want! A little about me: I'm a young marketing manager for 3 different companies, and I'm also getting my real estate license very soon. I currently make a little over $3,400 a month so never worry about me not having rent on time. You probably won't see me very often as I'm usually always in my room or outside, so you'll usually have the whole place to yourselves. I love music(with airpods), I love cooking(Yes I will cook for us all on occasion), and video games(I also may or may not be able to hack any video game console and let you play any game you want free of charge:)) Also I have a girlfriend who I'm madly in love with so if you're a girl worried about craigslist creeps you're good lol. I have no kids and am a non-smoker. I do have a lab but she is my responsibility and I'll never expect you to take care of her, although if you want to pet or play with her she's the friendliest dog in the world and a certified service animal. Now when it comes to who I'm looking for: I do not care how old you are, what you look like, or anything else like that. It'd be cool to have some younger marketing people like me so we could all network but if you're a 45-year old construction worker I couldn't care less as long as you have a good work history and can pay your rent on time. The only rules, no smoking, no kids living with you(If it's just weekends that's cool), if your SO is going to live in the house they need to pay rent, and stay out of my room(It's also my office.) Feel free to message me and I'll send you a quick little application so I can learn more about you. I'm looking for 3 roommates so there's plenty of opportunities! Hope to hear from you soon!(I'm a dude btw, forgot to mention that!)