Hello, last weekend I log in and by doing dailies I noticed I lost my over 30 days streak despite day before I did daily mission... I know some of you got bigger but not point of that, rewards remain the same so no matter how much over 21 days... So I send ticked to support. After few days they answered me and give me 5 gold bars... When I saw that 5 I get really angry... So I msg them again and told them that they don't even know how to count, because absolute minimum is 10.5 bars, in theory if not lost which I had, and which wasn't my fault I could easily earn that 10 bars only by doing one mission per day in that period of time which is required to get that again I mean 21 days. So in theory I could earn even 200 only by doing all dailies or even more. Ofcourse I didn't ask for any amount coz it is only theory but 5 is a joke. So I also said they are ignorants, and I can understand bugs in game but ignoring existence some of them by over year is joke, also joke is that we have to wait ridiculous amounts of time for updates and even then it usually had poorly made content... And despite this even support is joke and cannot help in right way... And they answered again... They said they cannot give me more gold bars... You know, I don't care about that gold bars, I don't need them. More angry I get about that I felt like they just gimme something without even considering my problem... I felt like they didn't even want go help just gave me random amount of goldbars and that's all... Fact that they said they cannot give me more when ppl with same problem was getting about 30 gold bars only confirms that I had right about it... I'm done with this game... Not only game itself is full of bugs but also support is one big joke... I'm done with it, they no longer care about community... I had big hope for rdo... Now I know this is joke not game worth spending lots of time... Sorry for my bad English but I get mad a little... After 1k hours and since first day I uninstalled rdo by first time. I'm very disappointed and I made decision. I won't buy any game from R* for more than 20$... They might doing great single player game but online is one big joke. I already see ppl who typing, cya, or we will miss you or that one person is no matter for them... Heh I will miss you too... And this is not for ppl who playing rdo, I must admit vibe of game is awesome but this is for ppl who are new so they will knew what to expect... Have fun to those who still playing this and to those who consider starting playing online consider it twice and if there is any other game which you would like to play think twice coz probably it is better than rdo Cya