I’ve had this story I’ve told many of my friends and people that are interested in the creepy unknown. This happened to me and my family back in 2001 I was about 10 or 11 years old at the time. We lived in a small rural town called Ulladulla on the South Coast of Australia. This is a quiet town, for beach goers, fisherman, people on holidays from the citys and retiree’s. Nothing exciting happens here, it’s the same monotonous day to day life that doesn’t change. We were celebrating my grandmothers birthday at her and my grandfathers house one night, they lived at the backside of town on a rural type setting, paddocks, cows, older style homes with acres of land and a lot of bush on a road called Slaughter House Road. This where the local slaughter house was no longer than a kilometre or two down the road hence the name. My grandparents were Italian so food was in abundance, parents chatting about how good the seafood was, just your usual Italian birthday celebration. Being so young late nights seemed distant for my 2 brothers, sister and I so my mother decided that we would call it a night and head home as it was about 9pm, well past our bed time. As we said our goodbyes we loaded into the car one by one, I called dibs on the front seat which I’m kind of regretful in a way that I did. My mother was the last to jump in. In the mean time I was grabbing the top end of my seatbelt to strap in for the ride home when I had caught some movement from outside the car window no further than about 8 feet or so away. We were parked in front of the garage. Where I saw this thing was where the brick work ended, it lead into the paddocks at the back of the property. I was put into a state of confusion mixed with shock at what I was looking at.  Humanoid in appearance, this thing crawled on all four appendages. Slowly moving out of sight as it crept past the side of the garage. I would say it was about 6 feet long, thin and malnourished with its bones pushing against its skin.  The texture of it’s skin was like a polished leather, pale white/Grey and Slimy in appearance. As it crawled the shoulder blades protruded up like when you see a cheetah the way it walks about. No tail and it’s head was just out of view as it had already passed before I could get a glimpse at it. My stomach churned and the hairs stuck almost out of my skin. My first reaction was to turn to my mother for safety and reassurance that my eyes had been deceiving me, as i turned around reassurance seemed to be the furthest thing from reality. Her face was pale, drained of all colour and expression. I waited for any sense of normality to return to the situation when she looked at me dead in the eyes and said “Lock the doors” my two brothers sister and i without any hesitation slammed down the locks on the doors and the the car quickly flicked into reverse and we were backing out of the driveway like we were recreating a stunt drive out of a Hollywood movie scene. As we turned down the dark narrowing bush covered streets to head home I still needed that reassurance. I turned to my mother and asked “what was that” my mother hesitated the response but then said “oh I’m sure it was just a dog, there’s a few scrap yards around here I’m sure one of the guard dogs has just gotten loose and is lost” I knew what I had saw but took the most plausible excuse just to calm myself down. Years later as I got older, i revisted that night with my mother and asked “hey mum, remember that night out at grandmas house?, that wasn’t a dog was it”. She looked at me and said “No darling, I told you kids that so you wouldn’t be scared”. I am now 28 years old, I still remember that night as if it was yesterday, i re ignite my memory of it everytime a friend or new acquaintance tells or asks about scary stories. I just smile and say, “you think that’s scary, wait til you hear this one.