Hey Redditor I don't know how to start this so I'm just gonna start. Me and my little brother like to ride our bicycles around our town. We went to a street that one of our friends live. We waited for him to get dressed to come outside while we wait me and my little bro rode our bikes around the street. Then we see a kid (he's the son of the EM) Kid:Hey Carter! I know this kid from my school he's about 9. Me: Hey (Kids Name). Kid:Can I get a spin on your bike? He's a nice kid Who doesn't have a bike. So I said he can ride on it until my friend comes outside. He thanks me. My little brother and the kid were riding around. While I sat down on the curb playing Minecraft on my phone. Then I see her The EM walks outside onto the porch of her home I wave at her see just looks at me for a second then looks at her kid. I just keep playing Minecraft on my phone. Until The EM says:Hey (Kids name) you can keep that bike if you want. Kid: No mom its Carter's Bi EM: No Keep it. My little brother was by my friends house riding so I had to do this myself. Me:Uhh ma'am he can't have it he already said it's mine. As the kid brings the bike up to me the EM walks up the kid and snatchs the bike out of his hands. The kid was 6 feet away by now. I walk over grabbing the bike Me: Ma'am I'm sorry if you can't afford I- EM: NO MY SON HAS BEEN GOOD HE NEEDS IT! I was thinking woah bucko calm down. The Kid:begins to walk away to get my little brother. While he did that the EM Snatched the bike out of my hands. Me:uhh Ms it's mine I saved 140$ for it. EM: Well it's mine why'd you let him ride it in the first place? Me:Because I'm waiting for my friend to come out and I was tired so I wanted to take break. EM: SO IT'S HIS NOW! She Then Held it over to her porch as I yelled at her to give it back as she ran to the porch. She kicked the kick stand down on her porch. Now my friend the kid and my little brother came. My friend is African American that will be relevant My friend will be MF. MF says: Just give him the bike Karen. The kid walked over and said : Sorry about my mom. Me: It's okay. EM: WHAT DID YOU JUST CALL ME!. MF: I called you Karen. My lil bro: sighs and walks back to me and the kid. Now MF is the only one in the front. As I didn't want him to be in the spotlight I walked up I front to. EM: I'M NOT A KAREN STUPID (N word)! MF:AY DON'T YOU DA. ME:Calm down walk back and chill. He says alright Me:Brings out my phone "I'm Calling the cops!" The EM freaks out and throws the bike off her porch  and sit down on the Chair on her porch and says Kid come over . Me:Calls the cops. Then she walks inside crying. We then walk away with our bikes MF: so when are the cops gonna be here? Me: I didn't call them I tricked her. MF laughs That's the story Sorry if it was short Hi Redditor!