I never thought I could get so attached to a character, to an outlaw. At first, I thought Arthur was just a hardened outlaw, killing and stealing as he needed to survive, and blindly followed Dutch and Hosea because they took him in and gave him a life when he had nothing. But as the story progressed, I saw Arthur as a human. I went and read his journal entries throughout the game, and they give more insight to Arthur’s feeling than the game lets the player believe. I helped out Mary and started that story line. When Arthur said that he felt like a fool helping her, and hoped he didn’t make a further fool of himself, that’s when I knew Arthur was human; that he could be a good man amongst bad men. I helped Strauss throughout the story. When Arthur starts saying he hates doing it and it’s depressing to him, that’s another reason I knew he was a good man amongst bad men. I helped Mary in Saint Denis and let Arthur go to the show with her. The player can tell they love each other, and Arthur’s journal entry after that event further tells the player about it. When I got the letter from Mary saying that they couldn’t work out, that their lives were too different to be together, that she loves him, and that she’s giving back her ring, I had tears welling up in my eyes. I knew that hurt Arthur. I knew that upset him immensely because he lost someone he loved and he felt like a fool. In my game, Arthur lost honor in the beginning but started to gain it 3/4 of the way through. He started absolving debts, helping people, and threw out Strauss. He helped the Indian tribe and tried to help everyone survive and get out of whatever trouble they were in alive. My ending was helping John escape and fighting Micah on the cliff. Dutch shows up, Arthur tells Dutch that Micah’s a rat, Dutch walks away from Micah, and Micah runs off, leaving Arthur on the cliff top, dying and alone. Arthur watches the sunrise as he breathes his last breath, and I see the deer looking back at me. I cried. Arthur Morgan, cold outlaw, had redeemed himself. He didn’t follow blindly. He developed a real moral code. He helped the helpless and saved those who needed saving. He became the good man amongst bad men. I wish Dutch killed Micah on the cliff, then either ran away or stayed with Arthur as he died. That would’ve been the ending I wrote. That would’ve been the redemption I wanted; Dutch saving his son and righting how he wronged Arthur before.  But as I thought about it more, it makes sense. Dutch leaving Arthur and Micah still shows his selfishness and his willingness to not have to make the hard decisions. Dutch could’ve gone back for the money, emphasizing his greed. For Dutch to kill Micah and stay with Arthur would completely undermine Arthur’s redemption, and it gives the player the understanding that not everything ends perfectly and tied up in a little bow. I never thought that a video game would captivate me like this one did. I played GTA V, and it was a captivating story, but I never felt as attached to someone as I do with Arthur Morgan. I’ve played all the Halo games, but never wept due to the death of Noble Six or Johnston, or due to Cortana’s sacrifice. I never wept through the Fable series, or through the deaths in Call of Duty. Red Dead Redemption 2 is a masterpiece. It’s a story that creates attachment and a love for those around you. It may be the best story I’ve ever played, and I can’t wait to play it again.