The thoughts and emotions right now have been erratically circling my brain for the last year without ever escaping, till now. Younger me has always pursued the next open door. As I sit now I am a husband, father of a 3 year old beautiful daughter and a Terminal Manager at one of the largest transportation companies in the world. Seems like a great life and it certainly is, except this dark cloud that remains over me that I can’t ever outrun. When I was dating my wife I was obsessed couldn’t wait to marry her, she gave me the energy to excel at work and finish my bachelors in Business Admin. Almost from the day we got married I was obsessed with having a child. That child eventually came. She gave me the strength to pursue harder at work. Then I became obsessed with having another child, in fact we are currently trying. I found myself always wanting more, I also struggle with this same complex involving material things and wanting the next best thing. Only to grow old if it and move onto the next thing. That next thing was graduate school. I obsessed and finished my Masters in BA I’m only 18 months. Now I have been in my work position for 18 months, hold a MBA, father,husband, boat owner. I have a good life. I am not happy. Work is frustrating and I grow ever more angry and upset with it. I for the first time don’t have an obsession. I also wouldn’t classify me as lazy and unwilling, I have completed good things for myself and my family in my only 31 years of life. I once desired the corporate CEO of the company I work for, but that seems impossible and unrealistic. For a lack of better words I just feel blahhh. For no real reason. I feel stuck, financially and career wise. I search day and night for new positions to apply, none of which sparks the slightest light of ambition. I no longer know what I want to be when I grow up. I no longer have fight. I am however sorry that anyone has to read this 1000+ word dairy entry. I failed to find outlets to which I am too embarrassed to talk about publicly, even my wife. For which I am greatly ashamed, even if I told her she would want to help and I’m not sure there is anyway to help. At some point this will pass and the next obsession will set in, but it just might be my last. I realized that I have relied on Reddit for many hours of meandering and scrolling, so I brought my problems to you. I have feelings to I want to do different lines of work, even ones that pay little just to feel happiness and completeness in my life. However, financially I can’t afford to take risks. A family, car payments, mortgage, boat payments. I risk it all for things that do bring me happiness. If I don’t have them, I really have no chance at happiness. I am starting to see my options shrink day by day with little to no positive outcome. For the first time I am not afraid of the competition and unknown but afraid I have failed to get to where I “needed” to be. I also realize that I am not the only one who must feel like this. A quick google search of “I’m 30 years old and I don’t know what to do when I grow up” yields thousands of stories just like mine. Some that end tragically, some that end up success. I’m just here searching for my next tragedy or success, never knowing what I’m going to have next.