So I live in Idaho... I’m not gonna say much more about my location for obvious reasons. But I was only like 8 or 9 and My family has always had money problems. For Christmas one year my mom decided me and my other two siblings were good and was going to buy us each a little android tablet. She puts them on Walmart lay away and to her surprise, a month later goes back to make a payment. She then discovers our tablets were replaced and payed for (all but one penny) by a random stranger who payed for 2 other people’s lay away items. Come Christmas time my mom was so happy and as were all of us. My siblings and I are fairly smart  for being young and know money doesn’t grow on trees. We all were protective of our iPads and we don’t use, but still have them to this day. Anyway back to the actual story. I was in a mall shopping with my mom and dad while my brother and sister were being babysat. (It was my birthday) and I was with my dad sitting outside a store in those little sitting areas. My mom was in the perfume store and she takes forever in there. We hate the smells. I have my iPad and start playing something like cut the rope or temple run(old basic games like that) and a kid sitting next to me asks to play too. I agree because I’m a nice kid... anyway this kid was a EK without me knowing yet and told me he lost this iPad and it was his. He starts telling his mom about how he wants my iPad. I told him it wasn’t his and the kids mom took the iPad and put it in her purse. My dad sees her put it in her purse and is confused. (My dads from Mexico and speaks with a  Mexican ascent.) He asks why she put in in her purse. She says “ I don’t  speak Spanish” and tries to walk away. Me who is just a confused little boy who thinks my iPad is gone forever, starts crying. A police officer walks over(just happened to be there i guess) looks at me and my dad and asks what happened. My dad explains that she has my iPad in her purse to which she reply’s “this dirty  beaner couldn’t afford an iPad. (My dad isn’t great with confrontation and is a pretty passive guy) gets mad. I mean really mad. my mom walks over from the store after hearing the loud yelling (she’s the one with a real temper) calmly said “show me the iPad”. The lady agrees because my mom is Native American and brown, but speaks fluently and clearly in English. And that’s when my mom said simply “unlock it”. The lady didn’t know what to do. My mom told me to put a password in it when I first got it  (it was 4321 lmao)And she accuses my mom of not being my mom and sticking up for the illegal Alien.  My dad (is furious ) show the cop his ID. Then the cops partner (A FULL BLOWN BUFF ASS) Mexican guy walks over. I grab my iPad from the Em and the cop asks if we want to charge them. My dad says in his most American accent(mind you is actually perfect) says “why yes sir I would like to press charges.” At the time it didn’t really go through my mind that she was being racist. It makes me mad I didn’t punch her EK tho. I still think about this from time to time and makes a nice story. The iPad still sits in a drawer to this day because I refuse to get rid of it. We had to work hard for everything we had. (I also had a PS3 and I still have it to this day) thanks for reading.