Ok so I’m pretty much invested with this show, Red Vs Blue may have had some ups and downs but it remained to be my top favorite shows, the comedy and the action, and let’s not forget the drama. They were all good, but what will season 18 bring to the wine bar? Well I have no clue since we only see a couple of clips, but I do have some hopes that I’d like to share. If possible I’d love to see more animated original fight scenes or situations within the season, preferably with the reds and blues rather then with Carolina and Wash. not to say I don’t want the two fighting after all it’s enjoyable, but it’d be cool to get to see more of Tucker In action showing the results of his freelancer training, meanwhile we can see how Sarge can fair against any normal soldiers, or if Caboose were to fight someone as strong as he is, I mean can you imagine Caboose fighting someone! And I don’t care if he’ll take it seriously or not cause it will still be funny! I won’t lie, I would also like to see some of the plot holes from previous seasons plugged up, like what happened to the other Project freelancer members who are still alive, or what the alien from before was(the one that the director gave the Alpha unit to in order to make Delta). Or maybe even Sigma making a comeback, ok maybe that last one might be a risk, since there is probably a few of us who had enough with Project Freelancer, but I can’t be the only one who thought Sigma was kinda done dirty by Rooster Teeth. Especially after the hype he made when he said the Meta’s name the first time. It would be pretty interesting to see the reds and blues make some armor changes as well, call me crazy but I’d love to see the Aqua Meta armor comeback. Just letting you guys know this is all my opinions, I’m aware that it would be hard to fit half the stuff I just said on here in the script, in fact most of it would probably never happen, but I would just like to put the possibilities out there. If anyone agrees or wants to share what they want in the next season please put in the comments! Thanks!