Greetings brothers and sisters! I am posting this because I have a couple things on my mind and I could use guidance. The Lord saved me in prison in 2010. I was serving a 6 year sentence and 2 years into it I was saved through the constant grace of Christians who kept being put in my path. Once saved I was burning with a desire to know God and His Word more and more. I spent my days growing in the grace of our Lord, as I had MUCH time to study and read not only His Word, but authors such as C. Spurgeon, A.W. Pink, Martyn Lloyd-Jones, John MacArthur, and of course John Calvin. This time was a blessing to me but I also see it as something I allowed to hinder my growth. Intellectually growing I feel I may have lacked a solid foundation of knowing God intimately. Christian brothers and I evangelised , studied, and ministered in many ways, but truly worshiping the Lord has been a struggle. Since my release in 2014 I immediately found a wonderful Christ centered, Bible preaching church and was so thankful to God for that answered prayer. It lasted a year. After that I ceased going and eventually stopped reading and praying. In most senses I was exactly like I was before prison. However, literally every day I was convicted of my sin, I daily felt God drawing me back to Himself. In my heart I desired more than anything to be once again in fellowship with Him. Recently I resolved in my heart to repent of my sins and crawl to God begging for His mercy, asking Him to please forgive me for turning away. Since then I returned to the same church (last week) and my days are filled with thoughts of God and wanting to glorify Him with every thought word and deed. I battle my sin daily, seeking to do what is according to the new heart I have as compared to the old man who I battle. I have said all of that to say this...My prayer to God, my singular most desire is that for as much time as is left in my life that I would be as holy as a saved sinner can possibly be. In that statement I am aware of so many things that hinder it from becoming a reality. Worship for example, I and a quite man, I am shy and introspective. So worship, so far as I observe in others, it absent in my life. I don't like to sing, I am reserved but in my thoughts I am singing with the congregation, but my mouth I prefer to keep closed. Why? During service I just want the singing to end so we can get to the Bible. I know this isn't right, it is an attitude I recognize as attempting to silence the glorifying of God, or at least leaving me out of it. I just feel so uncomfortable singing, especially when I have never before heard the songs. So I see others singing and smiling and I then feel like I lose assurance, I begin to doubt that the Life in them fills me as well because I don't feel like they feel. Can anyone help me understand this? There is much more that I would love to inquire of you, but for now I will leave it at this. If you have read my rambling til now I thank God for the patience given you on my behalf =)