So a couple years ago my bird passed away, it took a long time for me to get over her passing but I decided I was ready for a new friend. I wandered into Pat's pets thinking support local! Oh. How very big of a mistake that was. 3 months ago I went in and talked to their "bird expert" (won't name names, let's call her S), and they convinced me they had the perfect bird! Never bitten anyone, likes to be handled, regularly attends bird club meetings ect. So naturally I'm thinking, perfect fit. Then I see her struggle to get this terrified bird out of his cage. And I mean he struggled to get away from her hand, hard. That should have been a red flag but she goes "oh he just knows something is up" to explain the behaviour and like an idiot I believed her. Brought the bird home and have been doing nothing but trying my darnest to get it to be calm around hands. It is terrified and traumatized. I always begin with them getting used to my hands in the cage (food water, jiggle a toy, ect) then work up to step up, then once they have step up done, I begin bringing them out of cage. I know what I'm doing as I've had birds my whole life, yet I've never ever come across a bird this traumatized. He still loses his mind if I even walk by the cage (and yes it's in an area where it can see us going about its day and is used to the environment) and God forbid I put my hand anywhere near the perch he's standing on. This bird that's "never bitten" has taken literal chunks out of my hand. Now, I'm not giving up on him because I love him and he deserves to be happy and in a safe home which I can provide. But I do want to let the rest of you know that Imo I wouldn't trust Pat's pets ever ever ever again. Just very disappointing. Has anyone had similar experiences? I know my best friend was totally pissed I went there as she said they are nothing but sales people. They don't care about the pets. It's honestly worse than petsmart. At least there they don't wrangle them out and show them off at club meetings before they are even tame or trusting of humans. Should have listened to her and gotten my birb elsewhere but it is what it is.
What have your experiences been with them? 
My old friend bought uros from them and they forced him to buy two "as they do better in pairs" that was ten years ago. Yeah. They fought all the time and one killed the other. I'll never go back. I wish there was another local store that sold bird stuff. I miss that guy who used to be by the old petcetera :(