Faint memories of being abused as a child from my dad (i’ll leave out the details) but he was was abusive to my entire family. I became hyper sexual and desensitized at a young age and made excuses for his (and others) bad behaviors bc i wanted to love him and see the best in him anyways but he just sucked. Sex was not talked about to me ever at all. I was the awkward shy kid full of shame and highly sensitive and insecure. I found porn on a tv i had and porn in my dads room. it haunted me at first and then i got curious and would look at it randomly. Cut to age 14/15 (F) when puberty hit for me (i was a late bloomer) and my sexual urges became heightened. i was confused cause noone talked about it with me. Fast forward one day my dog randomly sniffed my private while i was changing and i thought “i wonder what oral would feel like cause i saw it in porn and i thought other kids my age were trying it whilst also coping porn i put something over my underwear for her to lick off and i remember thinking i was only going to do it for a second but it lasted longer. After i was done i felt weird and dirty but brushed it off. About a year later i eventually told my mom bc the guilt was eating me alive. And now it’s coming back again. I feel paralyzed with guilt and shame and i feel like I destroyed my life. idk how to move on. Is there a way? I feel so alone but also deserving. All my life I believed i was a decent person and an animal person at that. I’d never physically hurt a person or animal and it makes me feel like shit that i thought that was ok. I’ve prayed to god for forgiveness every time i think about it and will be for the rest of my life but i don’t feel forgiven bc i can’t seem to forgive myself. Quite frankly it makes me feel like i was like an abuser/predator and my mind connects with awful criminal type people. I want to feel like a good person again and chalk it up to being “young” but i can’t my thoughts want me to punish myself.  Has anyone else overcome something like this? Please help (i’m talking to a therapist but idk i might need a different one)