So when we came home from her surgery,(huge success the tumor was completely excised and it’s unlikely for her to have a relapse for over 5 years) she has been convinced she has every illness to exist. We sold our home because there was mold on the toilet and she was convinced that we had black mold and she had mold toxicity. Before the surgery she edited scientific papers and regularly did work in a virology lab. I don’t know anything about virology or biology, I got a bachelors in physics so I’m not an idiot. I didn’t think we had mold toxicity or whatever but you can’t argue with a cancer patient so we sold it and moved. Every week she is convinced of a new malady and I can’t argue because she lost a large part of her brain that processes logic but retained every aspect of her training in virology. So she’s a walking web md machine. We’ve been managing it pretty well once I learned to just listen and agree but not sprint her to the hospital every seizure/sneeze/migraine. It sounds fucked up but it comes with brain surgery and her neurologists gave me guidelines about it. But they shrug their shoulders as they have never had a patient with her educational background. Her GP will not take her calls because she calls twice a week if she ever sneezes or has an abnormal poo. Corona is a nightmare scenario. Since February she has been trying to convince me she has it. Her regularl recovery symptoms now are obviously due to fucking fuck cor fucking rona fuck virus. I can’t stand it and she won’t listen to me. If I try to reason with her she goes into these deep lectures on sars and retroviruses and positive stranded whatever. Normally she moves on after a week but this is incessant and I’m losing it. I love her but my god my whole life needs to be secondary to if she thinks it’s time to go to the hospital. But then when I get ready to take her after dropping everything suddenly it’s not so bad. Please other cancer survivor caretakers who have had to deal with hypochondria chime in and give me some advice as to how the fuck to handle this or I don’t think I can keep taking care of her. So basically please teach me to handle hypochondria or i have to let a brilliant cancer survivor woman fend for herself because I feel like my soul is being sniffed out. Sorry for grammar and posting from a gross acct but I’m at the end of my rope.