This is something i’ve been struggling with for a while now. So i met this girl a few years back and we didn’t click very well, something about her put me off due to the fact she would constantly try to be everyone’s best friend and make a lot of drama out of things, those aren’t exactly bad things, they just don’t match my personality very well so i avoided her. she would get very heated and share with people that she compared herself to me and would get insecure which made me distance myself even more. one day we talked and there was something in her that made me want to help her, she seemed really lost and told me she suffered with BPD, something i wasn’t too familiar with, but it seemed as though she just needed someone to listen to her, someone to be her safe place. we got close very quickly and suddenly i was holding all of her emotional baggage but i didn’t really mind. however around january 2 years ago is when she started directing it towards me. she would block me for days, call me screaming, accusing me of things i had no idea about and telling other people lies about me. she would always demand i apologise which i had no issue with but i didn’t know what i was apologising for. her good days were amazing, sweep you off your feet amazing but her bad we’re hell on earth. this all came to a head around the summer, she’d been going on a spree blocking me, screaming in public at me, telling me i hated her but at this time was around a date that effects me mentally so i was particularly fragile and she knew it. i had multiple mental breakdowns due to the stress she’d put me through but i always reminded myself, she is struggling with mental illness. i’d beg her to see someone or talk to her parents but she wouldn’t (she hadn’t had the greatest experience before with doctors and mental health institutions). she kept accusing me of taking interest in a guy who had rejected her but i didn’t even know who he was or what he looked like and so i explained i couldn’t possibly. she took a particular interest in my boyfriend , would send him paragraphs about how she wanted to be with him, cuddling and loving him etc and when we went on nights out she’d ask to wear his jacket. he told me all of this and is a really nice guy so he wasn’t doing it out of interest and was kind of scared of her due to her outbursts and constant threats to harm herself. we tried to show her mum what she was doing sometimes but she paid no head. she would tell my boyfriend i was sleeping around with people he knew and then would turn around to me and tell me i could do better, it was very confusing. one time she went to far and me and my boyfriend began to argue about what was going on but eventually just made up and when she found out we had she had an enormous outburst. she cried to me asking me why i was letting her get away with something she wouldn’t let me get away with and i simply answered we can’t control who we have feelings for but that it wasn’t healthy to go after someone i loved. she had multiple outbursts, bitching sessions, threats and i decided to cut her off. she goes around now telling people that i gave her up because i couldn’t handle people with mental health issues but i stuck around far longer than anyone before or after. that’s not even something i would boast about but it came to the point where it was affecting my mental health as well. i don’t know, i have a certain guilt in me that i walked away but she needed help and wouldn’t get it. Any advice on how to deal with this?