So i (f21) have never gotten along with my dad (m48). I recently had a baby and I honestly want him to have nothing to do with her. He’s an alcoholic and verbally abusive. He has always treated me like shit and would get drunk and angry and scream at me all the time growing up. I moved out when I was 18 and make a point to barely speak to him. My mom is still with him even though she should’ve left a long time ago. He’s verbally abusive towards her and just treats her like garbage. This past mother’s day was my first so everyone in my family texted me and I made the choice to just stay at home and not visit my mom for both safety reason with COVID and because I didn’t want to see my dad. That day my mom texts me in the morning and basically says “why don’t you let me and your dad stop by so he doesn’t feel left out” which I took as “let’s make HIS mother’s day special” which really upset me because that day wasn’t supposed to be about him at all and she KNOWS i don’t want him around. Fast forward to that night and he calls me while i’m napping with my baby so I don’t get it. I wake up to text from my mom telling me how it was rude of me to not answer and I should’ve considered his feelings... on MY first mother’s day. Come to find out like many times before, such as when i gave birth, my dad flips out on my mom and blamed her for me not wanting him there. Every time he gets angry at me for not wanting him around he goes after her and it makes me want to see him even less. Then she puts herself in the middles and texts me to defend him. They’ve done this my whole life. They somehow always say i’m in the wrong and I need to include him because he’s “family”. But what kind of person treats their “family” like that?? Now I understand alcoholism is a “disease” but I never signed up to be his pacifier while he’s angry. My mom keeps saying she wants to be out of the middle but I know if I confront him he will flip out on her and then turn around and try to make me the bad guy. I don’t understand why they treat me this way and I don’t know why they can’t see how unfair they’re being. I’ve always been singled out by my dad and targeted and her never treated me the same as he treats my sister. She still lives with them and even now he only goes after my mom now that I’m gone, never my sister. It all falls on me. They want ME to go out of my way to fix a relationship with him that I don’t see as worthwhile. I have my own home, a child, and can support myself completely. I don’t want to make my mom miss out of seeing her grandchild but I don’t know what I am supposed to do. He’s had his whole life to try and 21 years of mine to do better. He keeps choosing to act this way and when you call him out it just makes him angrier. I don’t see a win here. I want my mom around her grandchild and I love her family. My dad and his are all very dependent on each other and just petty vindictive people. I’ve told my mom that she’s going to miss out on things if she stays with him and I’ve also explained to her that I want her around. It doesn’t seem to matter she just keeps choosing to stay with him. I can’t have my child growing up around him and his family. I don’t want to lose my mom and her family. If i confront my dad it’s very likely hes going to do what he’s always done (including when i GAVE BIRTH) and throw things in my face to hurt me and make my life harder. I know if he does that it’ll be my last straw, and probably also will mean I don’t talk to my mom anymore or see her. I want my baby to have at least one grandparent because my moms parents died before I was born and I know how hard that is but I just don’t see a way of resolving this without losing everything. What am I supposed to do?