My ex and I were together for four years before we broke up. Overall, we had a good relationship - until the last year. I have pretty bad trust issues caused by my dad that I carried into our relationship. Right before we hit the four year mark, my ex got a DUI and a month after that I found out he had been lying to me about smoking all throughout our relationship. This caused issues in our relationship because he was not willing to ease up on drinking and I couldn’t get over the fact that he had lied to me for so long - especially because there was an occasion where I found a receipt with cigarettes on it and he gaslighted me. The night we broke up, we got into an argument and he ended up breaking up with me and moving out the next day. Two weeks after that, I was on a date with someone else when my ex reaches out to me saying he wants me back. I said no and we went on not talking to each other for about 2 more weeks until he reached out again and we began talking. We’ve seen each other here and there and when we do see each other, it feels like how it used to. He’s told me he isn’t drinking anymore, isn’t smoking, and is going to therapy. I thought these were all good signs and was considering working on us - until the day of New Years eve. On New Years eve, I went to a guy’s house who I’ve been seeing and my ex found out and flipped out. He called me all night and sent me pictures of the street, threatening to kill himself if I didn’t leave the guy’s house. He even showed up and tried to get me to come outside until I finally did and took him home. I want to believe that this was a one time incident because he couldn’t control his emotions but some people have been telling me that all he is, is manipulating me. Since then, I’ve felt confused and lost on what to do. I look at our old pictures and all I can feel is sad for what we don’t have anymore. On the other hand, the guy I’ve been seeing is amazing. He’s funny and understanding of everything I’ve been going through but sometimes when I’m with him I think to myself, “He’s great but he isn’t [insert ex’s name]” I love my ex so much but part of me feels like we aren’t healthy for each other. Is there a way for us to be in a healthy relationship or are we just not good for each other?