I (18F) dated this guy (18M) for about two years. I know it’s the young high schooler relationship and I was stupid to believe him whenever he said we’d get married. We broke up in Nov. 2019. It was a bad relationship for me, he kept me in the past and made me do sexual things I didn’t want to do in places that made me super uncomfortable even after I told him I didn’t want to multiple times. I’m still getting over that but I still feel angry about it. He went away for the summer last May through August. He was serving at a church camp for kids and they didn’t allow phones even for the staff except for weekends. I thought we were fine but I got really concerned after he would only call me for an hour for the whole weekend when we used to talk all the time. When he came home for a visit sometimes I’d ask to hang out and he’d say he needed to “recuperate” and wouldn’t want to see me or any of us. I found out that his team was abnormally more girls than boys also and I became really insecure. When he came back he would nitpick stuff I did and talked about. I became “too annoying” and he said stuff like “I talked to my counselor and you complain too much”. He continued to kind of ignore me and make me feel bad from Sept. to Nov. but it had been happening all summer. Around mid October I went to a youthgroup event to help out while the pastor was out on vacation. He was/is a prominent figure in youth leadership there and he always ignored me around other ppl, he was my first bf so I didn’t know it was that weird even though I wanted him to pay attention. My mom came with me and became so upset that he didn’t even spare me a glance. So I called him to talk about it and he basically told me that he hadn’t loved me for a while (May) and that he was totally unattracted to me and that he was “trying to make it work”. He asked if we could wait a week to officially break up so he could talk to the pastor. I said no and we were done and he said “wow that was easier than I expected”. I’m still so angry at him and I sing at my church and he’s always there and I guess he thinks we’re friends because he keeps making friendly conversation. I’m adult enough to be friendly but I don’t want to be his friend and I always feel angry and remember how I felt with him those last few (6) months. Is there anything I can do?