As the title states me and my girlfriend broke up. She claims she wasn’t ready for a relationship when we started dating bc we were dating literally the week after she broke up with her boyfriend of 2 years. Before we started dating we just reconnected with each other because we dated before all throughout middle school and freshman year of high school. So she hit me up and told me she for the last couple months the feelings that she had for him weren’t there anymore. Over the last couple weeks i got onto her phone and saw she was snapchatting her ex and some other guy. I know it’s wrong for me to invade her privacy but i’d had my suspicions for a while and whenever i get suspicious i usually find myself being right. I confronted her and she told me all he said was happy birthday to her and that was it. I would have believed that if our birthdays weren’t 3 weeks ago and not 2 days ago. This other guy i’ve known about but she told me they were good friends and she would never act on anything with him. Well come 3am her snapchat score was going up aton (usually this only happens when you receive a snap or you send one) so again i broke her privacy and saw she was sending some pictures that weren’t appropriate to this guy. they weren’t nudes but she was showing off a lot of skin and she was neglecting me and not sending me anything of her anymore she would barely say i love you to me anymore. So last night i vented to her about my depression bc i’ve been struggling so hard with it lately. She told me she was depressed too which is why she was being so cold to me. She told me she loves me but wasn’t ready for a relationship because throughout her whole high school life she lived with her boyfriends bc of extreme family reasons. Even after she told me she wants to be with me but not yet until she’s ready. Idk if i should wait or talk to her about it because i can tell she does love me and her heart is in the right place but it’s just tough times right now. Any advice or insight on this crazy how i can help others but i’m so blinded myself lol.