Hi everyone, I want people's opinions over my situation. With my bf We've been together since December. We met over my discord server. He's from Egypt and kinda religious (muslim) but not necessarily strict. I am from Greece, and I'm Orthodox. We haven't met irl yet, but we are talking every day on messenger call for hours and sometimes video chat. He's a great guy, funny, talkative, sweet. He supports me on everything I do, and advises me when I do something wrong. I can always talk to him about everything,and the same by him. We discuss pretty much everything together, and play games. However, I've been sexually frustrated since 16. I haven't had sex yet. I don't masturbate either, because I simply don't find it arousing to do it alone plus I'm embarrassed... My hormones are driving me crazy. So one day I told him that we need to talk. I told him my problem and asked his help so we satisfy each other. He told me he doesn't jerk off. But that's a lie because his cousin (with whom we're close friends too) had caught him having cyber sex with his (cousin's) gf. No matter what I do to turn him on, by sending him pictures of me, talking him naughty, nothing works. Some other day, I decided to talk him again. I told him let's talk about something tomorrow (he was going to sleep) he asked me what was that, I told him "about me being sexually frustrated" He told me "im sad. I'll go to sleep now, hoping I can feed you some day" I got pissed off. Today, I told him in the call full of excitement "I want you to make me horny". His response? He coldly replied " Then get horny neli" I remained speechless. I couldn't believe the response I received. After few seconds I angrily told him "fine, I'll get by myself, whatever". 5 seconds later, he closed the call. I called back twice, no response. He texted me on league of legends chat, saying his internet doesn't load Facebook. He indeed has internet problems. He called me after a while. We talked for half hour. I just don't understand why this is happening. Why he refuses me. I've confirmed he doesn't talk with this girl anymore. I talked with a friend and he told me probably something is going on since he refuses his gf. But I don't think...i think there's something else. One day, he was sad and upset because I directly told to his face that I doubt him. He unexpectedly called me and screen shared, asking what I'd like to see. He asked if I wanted his Facebook password and I refused. He started showing me his league of legends messages, Facebook messages and discord. I asked to see his block list. His cousin's ex was here. I asked to see their conversation. He hesitated, but he did it. He started scrolling it up really fast, saying he stopped talking to her at the end of November. I didn't say anything. After that he made me a talk and told me "I am with you all day, we're talking the whole day. Why do you think I talk with someone else? " The thing is, he's so sweet and reminds me daily that he loves me. I don't understand tho why he refuses me sexually, despite me telling him my problem. Cheating doesn't even cross my mind because he's really sweet and I wouldn't be able to carry the burden of guilt with me. I don't want to leave him for something like that. Tell me your opinion. Do you see something that I don't? What should I do? I apologize for the long text.