I [M 20] and my fianceè [F 22] have been together for a little over 2 years. Our relationship didn't start out the best and I take full responsibility for being a selfish child. We met when I was 18 and I was just out of a toxic and mentally abusive relationship and I was broken. I got together with my now fianceè about 4 months later which was definitely not enough time for me to heal and I brought that baggage into our relationship. I was jealous, possessive and acted just like my ex. I was very insecure and had serious trust issues, I always felt like she was going to hurt me like my ex so I didn't fully commit at first, flirted with other girls, texted them, etc. I never cheated but what I did is so out of my character and not how my mom raised me. I guess the saying is true "hurt people hurt people". There is no excuse for my actions and I take full responsibility and admit my wrings, I almost lost her, and I knew I had to make a change if I wanted to keep this amazing woman. It has been about a year since I made a complete 180 and showed her that I can be the man she wants and needs. We have been going strong lately and I know that she loves me a lot. But she still feels insecure sometimes, like she has to compare herself to other women, and she sometimes doesn't fully trust my words. I was blind and childish in the beginning, I had to man up to show her that I'm ready to be a husband, and a father one day. She sees the changes I've made and acknowledges the man I have become. And honestly it was only because of her that I was able to come out of that dark place and become even better than I was before, but in the process I broke her. It kills me inside to know that I caused the woman I love so much pain. I want to put all of the pieces back together and when she looks at me I want to know that she loves the person I have become. When I tell her she's beautiful I want her to know that I mean every breath. I know these things take time but she was bawling her eyes out the other day because she felt ugly and I just feel like such an asshole even though I know I'm better than that now. We have been talking about couples therapy and seperate therapy so hopefully that will help, but any advice or suggestions would really be appreciated. I don't want to lose my best friend...