I (22F) have been with my boyfriend (21M) since we were seniors in high school. We’ve broken up multiple times during these 4 or so years and have done our own things for short periods of time, including hooking up with other people. Nothing like a serious relationship in between. From the moment we started dating we would I pretty much was at his house as often as I could be and we practically lived together. In the beginning I was very happy but with each breakup and each fight it seems like I’m starting to resent him more every day. However when I think about being without him I get very uncomfortable and scared and can’t see myself without him. We hangout with the same people, live together (not on a lease, with family) and just spend pretty much all of our free time together. We do have healthy parts of our relationship but for the most part it seems to have grown toxic. I know relationships have problems and I don’t know whether I should try to work things out for longer or if I should allow myself to be open to new beginnings. I love my boyfriend a lot but our fights can get extremely toxic. We don’t hit each other but there has been pushing, yelling, name calling, punching walls etc. And I just lied - have hit him in the face when I was drunk when I saw him coming out of the bathroom at the bar with two girls after he was selling them coke. There’s a lot to this story and although there is a lot of bad there’s also good and I don’t enjoy being at my house really so I feel like that’s why I hold on so tightly and the fear of just being alone as I don’t have a lot of friends. Which I think is my own fault from separating myself from them. I guess I’m just looking for some advice even though I know in the back of my head what it is I think I should do. I’m sorry this is rambly im just unsure of myself and the situation and wish it could work out but I’ve been trying for so long but I just find myself being meaner to him and I think it’s just because I’m unhappy. But I always blame it on myself and not my relationship as everytime we break up I can’t help but want to be back with him. I just want to be able to be okay with being on my own.