I've been with my Partner for two years and I love her so much. From the start she's made it clear she wanted to kids. However, I did not know how soon. When I told her I needed at least five years she started hysterically crying saying she didn't want to be an old mom and it broke my heart. When she asked if I might change my mind about having a baby in general I was honest and said I might. The truth is I have never been one of those people that "needed to be a parent" I always thought if it happened great, but I need to feel ready to give 100 percent to it to put it first. The problem is I am not sure I can realistically see myself getting to that I am ready to have a child place and its the number one thing I want in five years. The pressure of the ticking clock has already made me almost make major life decisions based off of a fear of not being finically ready. Decisions like committing to a career path I didn't actually want. She says I am worth the risk but I just don't understand how. I think part of it is that she is lying to herself because of her feelings for me the way I was lying to myself that I could be happy with the career path I almost committed too. I feel like we are both direct threats to each-others happiness because I want time to pursue my dream career. Arguably I can over the next five years, but what If it is not enough time to achieve what I want to, and what if I'm still not ready and I ruin her life. The problem is she is supportive of my dreams and says she would take on the grunt of the parenting, but I would feel to guilty with that arrangement. There is also an issue of money. She is in a lot of debt so the financial burden would be on me.  It just feels like a recipe for resentment. My therapist keeps telling me its her decision to stay with me. That I am not responsible for her choices and can't be expected to predict the future. I don't have to break up with her because I don't know when I will be ready for parenthood. But how can I just ignore this potentially huge issue? How can I not break up with her when I feel so far from where she is at?