Throw RA. So long as hell story short I still love my ex with all my heart and I can't stop I've tried about everything but she is just so perfect but I know that she'll never take me back and I know this due to her many times saying it but at this point I fantastic thinking about her and it's really starting to shove me into depression really hard. It's got me lost for what to do she was my everything and life hit me hard and kept me down for so long.it started with me getting set up for starting a fire at my work and so I got 6 months probation and lost my job for something I didn't do. Then I got a new job and I was doing great got a promotion a few months into the job to manager and the other employees started making things up like I was coming in late and leaving early and a bunch of other stuff but on January 1st I got sick with ketoacidosis due to my diabetes and so I couldn't make it to work and they tried to fire me saying it was due to drinking and crap but I had doctors note so they couldn't. We wound up getting a new manager above me and she didn't like me because I was young and she was persistent enough to get me fired. I also want to make it clear that I'm not a bad worker I show up on or before my shift I'll cover for anyone who needs, and always excelled at what I did. But that happened and I couldn't find a job due to the whole probation thing and I still can't especially not due to covid. But anyways I got super depressed and my gf  broke up with me because I wasn't the same happy energetic guy I was and she says she's never going to be in a relationship again but she wants to be friend. And this all happened in less than a month. And I've been so depressed since that I don't know what to do me and her still talk but she's been getting alot angrier in her texts and went to the point of saying I attacked her because I couldn't get her gifts like the ones she gave me. I don't know why I still love her as much as I do but I really do love her. When we where good she was so amazing. Sweet, beautiful, kindest person ever, just an absolutely dream woman. I just don't know what to do now because loving her has put me in depression and I'm in therapy for it but it's not helping. I just want some advice what to do.