Last night my boyfriend of 6 years and I got into a very bad fight. He was drunk, I wasn’t, and he just began saying everything that he’s unhappy with and what he doesn’t like. That he’s not happy, I can move out, but then if I’m not happy to leave, that he’s not ready for marriage and family when I am. But he didn’t say one thing that is good. He didn’t acknowledge that I do his laundry every day, lay his clothes out for him. That I clean our house, that I cook good meals for him every night. That I’m always the first one he calls when he has bad or good news. That I come home after working a long day to do all of that, and him saying “oh wow yeah I’m sure you worked really hard today” just because I have an office job. 6 years ago we both told each other we want to have a family one day. Between then and now, he has said “I’m not ever having kids, why don’t we just travel the world?” and laugh. Then the next day could say “I do want to have kids just not right now.” Then the next day could say “idk if I want them or not.” I told him probably a year ago that I need to know if he wants to have children or not because if he plans on never having or wanting them, then I will need to leave because he knows that’s been my dream from day 1, to be a mother. He told me that’s selfish and if I truly loved him that I wouldn’t have said that. I don’t think that’s selfish. He told me all that time ago that’s what he wanted so we built our relationship, with me thinking that’s the long term goal. Then has said he does and doesn’t want them. I never get a straight answer. But the fact that he has even said once that he doesn’t want them tells me there’s a good chance he doesn’t want them. So I would love some advise and honest opinions. Is it wrong of me to have told him that? I don’t think it’s fair that that’s what I want and have always dreamed of, and for him to tell me that’s selfish if I would leave him if he doesn’t plan on ever giving me that. It’s not fair to me that he wants me to give up on my dream of being a mother, and it’s not fair to him for me to feel like I’m pressuring him into having a family if that’s not what he wants. He said many things to me last night that I don’t know I’ll ever be able to get over or get passed. All of that is a conversation that should have been had when he was sober. Today I just feel numb and like I don’t know how to feel. I feel like I don’t know what’s going to happen, if we’re going to make it through this or not. I don’t know if I want to stay after hearing how he truly feels, because he made it seem like he’s miserable and that I’m not good enough for him. I’m very depressed today and just want to lay in bed but I have to work all day. I don’t know how I’m going to focus. I would love your opinions on this, and any positive or hopeful comments if you have them. I need them today more than ever.