So to make a long story short myself and my girlfriend are together almost 10 months now and our relationship is fantastic I am crazy about her and she is about me too .. we met in work. We work in same place. A nursing home. In the beginning it started off accidentally as a 1 night thing that turned into friends with benefits. Which went on for 4/5 months.. Which then turned into a relationship to where we are today 10 months in nearly. It’s great we get on so well she is very easy going laid back we have spoiled each other she is not materialistic or all about money like most women are. She is a very giving person and is always thinking about me. I am a person who got married when I was in my 20s and had 2 sons . I divorced her after 10 years.. we had a terrible marriage always fighting etc .. I have been with/dated a lot of women since then. None any where near the age of my current girl friend who is actually quite mature for her age but can also be immature in ways. When me and her were just fooling around at the start I always stated to her openly that I could never see myself in a relationship again because of all the shit I went through in old ones before . She agreed with me and told me she was feeling the same and I felt reassured we were just having abit of fun. Until she got drunk on two separate occasions and texted/ rang me confessing her feelings for me. Twice on both those occasions we agreed to stop fooling around because it wasn’t good for us. But I ended up coming back to her both times because I missed her. She admitted her feelings to me a third time of which I tried dating her but pulled back then probably due to fear of commitment.. she then told me we were finished that she couldn’t keep taking all the mixed message I was giving her and that it was going to drive her crazy. Immediately I started missing her deeply. Then a week later she started dating a younger guy she was with years ago. I got extremely jealous and I confessed my feelings for her sent her flowers came up to her in work I couldn’t leave her alone my heart was broke . She melted into my arms when I did tell her, was hesitant at first maybe because she felt guilty cause of the guy she was seeing but we ended up together then in a relationship. We have been getting on great we haven’t actually had a proper fight yet any disagreements we have we tend to end up laughing about them within minutes later. We have gone on 2 holidays together she was met my mother sisters , brother and my 2 sons who are 20 and 21.. but last night I was over at her place staying the night . She was in a funny mood. Started talking about us and the future. I told her which I had told her many times I would never live with a woman again.. that it ruins the relationship.. everything goes out the window when you move in with a person. She had agreed with me before all along till now. That she felt the same way because she had an abusive ex for 4 years that she lived with who controlled hit her and verbally and physically abused her. But she had changed her tune . She told me that she didn’t like the way I said that. And didn’t see how we were supposed to go forward as a couple if I rule that out completely. That when I say that it makes her feel like I don’t want to move foreword with her.. but I told her I don’t understand why we have to move in together to do that. Because that’s what society expects us to do. Why can’t we stay the way we are. And that we have moved forward because we have gone abroad together and she has met my family. She was getting upset and crying a small bit saying she loved me to bits and that she really didnt want to lose me but when I say things like that it doesn’t feel like I feel as strongly about her as she does about me. And I said to her but you can’t change me.. that’s the way I am... and she replied .. I don’t want to change you or force you into anything I just want it come naturally to you. But that she doesn’t understand how we can stay the same as we are forever. She was getting really upset and it was upsetting me too. I couldn’t cheer her up. I asked her did she want to break up she said no.. she wants me to want things with her. That it feels like I don’t.... she’s gone to work now . Haven’t seen or heard from her in over 2 hours since she left. Any advice on what I should do? And could you give me some insight on what she means? I am a little confused about it all