This post is starting with a thought I had. During a fight when we go separate ways and hes still heated he says I'm not allowed to lock my bedroom door. I support him financially and it's all mine the apartment everything. It's my house I can do what I want if I dont want him to come back and keep yelling at me and say nasty things. He says literally I'm not allowed. I have a right to my privacy and a right to be left alone after a fight that he thinks is all my fault and wont give up being mean. I broke up with him to get through some of my emotional problems and hes my roommate. He was upset then understanding and we still have love. He always did the finances saying he cant trust me with my own money and he has to maintain it. He has even taken away my cards saying I just spend and spend even tho he has used my cards to go buy drinks out with friends and to use for mini vacations to places he wanted to go. So a few days after the separation which is today he tried to look at my bank account to see how much money was in the account. He started working now and I told him to worry about himself. Then he was asking if I would give him the new password. It's like my break up attempt didnt happen. He just overwhelms me acting like nothing happened again. It happened earlier in the week. Hes basically my husband who respects my space now and expects me not to be overwhelming with emotional issues that hes involved in and besides the root problem he also makes me miserable and I was growing to hate me and him hate me. The whole point of this breakup is to leave me to be independent again and not put my problems on him especially now that he can make his own money but because we had an good day he thinks it's ok to go through my bank statements stuff. Like no you leave me alone dude and I leave you alone. Like yes we chill and hug and stuff but then the more I allow this the more he feels he can control my life. He says I act weird about my problems in general he said I'm just weird. I told him i will suffer in silence and not bring him into my issues. He can worry about himself. He even admitted when I cry he wants to comfort me but doesnt. But then he wants to control my money and what I do. I'm growing to hate him as time goes by. My ex fiance and I had a lot of problems but he was always kind and understanding and just there for me. But my husband doesnt let me be his friend. So I have no one but my therapist. But he can talk to his ex of many years as much as he wants and even said flirtatious things. It makes me so mad. I feel like hes not fair to me. It sucks to have him try to love me all day and be with him all day and suffer and not have the support he used to give which I understand hes overwhelmed. But he doesnt stick with it. And he was the one who said we are over and not getting back together. But hes sad when I want to be less romantic and have more space. My ex who was my good friend after never said i was weird he never yelled at me for having problems, he never yelled at me to stop having a panic attack over something HORRIBLE that happened to me due to trauma, he even admitted the break is good cause things were getting physical. But he wants his cake and eat it too. I feel myself falling out of love with him he doesnt treat me right and he always says I'm wrong and that hes right about everything. He makes me feel crazy and I  told my therapist stuff about our fights and she said hes controlling and it's not a healthy environment for me and my recovery. He said he was overwhelmed by my trauma but doesnt realize he made it worse by being so Insensitive and getting aggressive with me and saying horrible things about me insulting me all the time saying how he will be happy and I wont be without him. Or the next guy that dates me will think I'm cool and then see how I really am like he did, how i can go date whoever i want and not be with me. Saying that if i tried to kill myself he would knock me the f*ck out and not give a f*ck. He choked me when he thought i was going to take a bunch of pills when I was simply trying to take one anti anxiety medication. He makes me shake and shut down with his anger and controlling. It was to the point where I would agree with him just to stop the fighting. That's why I broke it off for the time being. He even admitted his anger was wrong, he admits now when hes being passive aggressive and hes sorry, he said he realized he was mean to me for months because he was angry about my trauma. And he doesnt realize hes still mean and treats me horribly. When I broke it off I slept for the first time in a long time and I felt relief. I was like I dont need to deal with the arguments. Says it's all me but hes the one who resorts to anger and says I'm crazy and have mental issues. After his friend raped me he was horrible to me and I dont need this BS from him. He said he had resolved all his past traumas even tho he has nightmares about one of them and how all of this with his friend isnt his stress its mine and it's good I'm dealing with MY stress. I warned him about his friend he said I was crazy and controlling and wanted to ruin friendships when I mentioned he was a pig toward me everytime we hung out with his rapist friend. But he doesnt realize it's his stress too he actually made my trauma worse. Everytime we fight he says my rape is why we fought. My rape was his scapegoat. He said my rape is why I'm acting crazy when I go against what he says when I defend myself. Idk what to do I feel like I'm getting close to not loving him anymore. I just wanna text my friend who understands me and have some support without him wanting to put his hands on me. I dont know what to do.