I want to tell you my life, my mother has been al alchocholic user since I was born, I am 22 years old, I think she started to drink because of my dad, he wasn't there for her in many ways, spiritually, financially, family and so o, anyway she was now diagnosed with cirrhosis, she had it for a long time but she never said anything. Another issue is the fact that they have a lot of debt because they did not paied the rent for a long time and now it is very possible for us to get evicted from our apartment. I have loaned money from a friend to pay off the debts they had 2 years ago and now we are in the same situation. I have always been there for them,I am working full time, I am also a full time student, I have a driving license and everything on my own. After I have finished high school I started working in order to help them financially, my dad could make enough money because he is an uber driver but still he manages to make money only for himself. My mother haven't worked for almost three years. I fell like it has been enough for me because I cannot handle it anymore, I told my mother one or two weeks ago that I want to move out at a friend of mine, she did not take it well at all, she started to threaten that she is going to kill herself and things like that. I want to tell you that my parents are both 54 55 years old, from many perspectives they are still young, they are not some 80s old people that cannot take care of themselves. Everytime they had a debt, someone bailed them out somehow, one they sold our car, and two times idk how it happend that my dad received an inheritance which covered all of our debts. Now it is a different situation, my mother is very sick and they rely on me to solve their debts problems and things like this, I do not want to sound selfish since I went with them to tribunals and doctors with my mother Everytime, my dad never went to those stuff, I did it. I want to start take care of my own life, I do not know what to do, please help me somehow thank you...