This girl and I who work together have always been inseparable seemingly only cause there’s a ridiculously obvious tension between us. I used to like her when I first met her but then I found out she had a boyfriend so I cut off my interest. But then she started to act differently around me. Granted I have a good number of other female friends (at our workplace as well) but this one girl in particular goes too over the top. She hugs me way too often (and too long) and will just rest her head on my chest. Her smiling and giggling is also ridiculous uncontrollable specifically around me and she goes to great lengths to try to hang out. There’s days I will be almost out the building but turn around and see her watching me leave and smiling. Even if it’s with my friends she doesn’t know and we’re going to bar to watch sports she wants in. (This was like a month after we meet). Every time we go out she also always sits next to me (instead of across) and makes cute little gestures the whole time like the “you’re so funny” and other blushy comments even if I’m not being that funny. She will also always for example stand shoulder to shoulder to me if I’m ordering, and if I make a slight joke that almost out of water she will shake down the next person who isn’t even our waiter to get me more water even though she’s a nicer and quieter person. But most insane of all was two weeks ago we went out for pancakes just after nine in the morning and she had just gotten off a 5:00 AM shift and when she walked in she looked like she was ready to go on a date. Hair, makeup, complete outfit change she looked like a model at 9 in the morning and almost felt intimidated. I know this cause she FaceTimed me about ten-fifteen minutes before when she got off and looked nothing like that. I’m fine being friends with this girl and I’m not hanging hopes on her either but I also feel like most of the time we’re together she’s doing things that would probably make her boyfriend (who I know nothing about) uncomfortable. Ladies especially, I gotta ask does any of this seem normal to you? Is it weird for her to fan girl over me and get this excited whenever she sees me?