So me and this beautiful woman started texting end of February and it was going really well . After a couple of days i got to know her in person and she ev opened up about a more personal problem so i know she trusts me  . And over  a couple of weeks it slowly went to texting all day to start around the evening .  But convos stayed the same . And well she asked me last week if i liked someone . And well she also asked if it was her and figured might as well ask before things get hard since nothings has been said. and said if it wasnt her then its fine she just needed to know . And well i told i liked liked her but ik she isnt ready for a relationship . And after i asked if she felt the same she said the text of her asking should be obvious . But she also said she doesnt want to be in a relationship and still have thoughts of someone else . And well after that we just talked again like normal and when we texted gn i told her she could take her time . After that she started taking time replying and convo got a bit dryer .and well after a while i just called her to ask her some questions .Well first she asked if it bugs me that she doesnt text that often . I told her sorta and she just said she struggles alot so she does hw and sleeps and just goes back and forth.then some questions saying do i bug her or if she needs space ? She says i dont bug her and well when she sleeps thats her space .  Then i just needed to know if she truly does the same way (cus i felt insecure and was overthinking ) she said she doesnt have feelings for anyone rn just focused on herself . No yes or no from her . Times shes does and times she stops herself . She said she doesnt want to put me in a bad position cus of her hurt (dont want to say anything specific but its really reasonable ) and well she promised if somethings not ok she'll tell me . And then i asked her bout a picture she just added to her page @ prom with her ex (ill admit ik know its toxic and since this convo ive stoped but i figured who it was by "research" i was just worried that she didnt really feel the same and was missing her ex and still had feelings and i noticed it because i check her page to see her bio to see if she feels stressed or worried and just doesnt want to say anything .and ill admit sometimes to remember how adorable she looks )And well she said they're just friends and she lost feelings for him because of how they broke up and another reason . And she asked if i got jealous and i said yea . And i admited that when she posted a tik tok guy i got jealous and tried to find out who it was . And well my friend tried helping by following her ex to see if she comments or like his posts and she found out . And i asked if she thinks of me the same and said sorta because of the spying and what my friend did . And well i told her i spy to see if she's honest . And she said she was sleepy so she said goodnight sweet dreams and to not dought her .And well the next day she called my other friend (the one that introduced me to her ) asking if im insecure , jealous , and have trust issues . And he brought of if she would have gave me a chance . And she said yea but she's not ready . And she told him  i should have more courage (but i dont try to push anything cus i dont like making females uncomfortable )And what been standing out to me was she also said her and ex broke off cus they would get jealous to the max  and it would be toxic . And she told him that we're not even together and im already this jealous so imagine if we were and how i seem pretty obsessive and treating us like we're in a relationship already .Now how she sees me now and how she worded things sounds like she lost feelings . And well after my friend told me i called her saying sorry if i sounded obsessive and letting my emotions cloud my judgement on things (which i dont normally do ) and well i told her if she feels the same way she should know like the good and bad side of me . But like ik she thinks im a really jealous person now . but i want to clear up what happened with her ex was me being insecure not jealous , cus I don't want her to think getting with me i will end up being super jealous a lot and will repeat what happened with her ex  cus i get that she has guy friends and i can never take that away from her. And well i also want to address everything she told my friend but i dont feel like i shouldnt cus itll sound like im saying stuff just to be with her . And well after the call , she texted me like at 11pm and had a short convo . And next day she didnt text me all day so i texted her @ 8 and she replied at 11 and had a short/dry convo . And i left her a text saying i hope your day goes well 🦄👽(i always leave those emojis on gn text cus she likes unicorns and is an alien lol )(and i left that message cus before i called her  if i bugged and bout her ex and all that she started leaving me on read and not reply till 10 or 11 pm so i figured why try to text her if shes not gonna reply  ) and she replied in the morning saying same for you and i left it like that .later like at 6 she text me how she hates her family and well i kept calling her and texting her and well she said she just doesnt want to talk about it but i should know cus sometimes she just wants well you uk . and if anything happened i have her evidence . And well she told me she broke her nail cus she was mad , and was outside alone. And after a while she texted say her stepdad and sis left and that she needs to be there for her mom and asked me if i can remind her to submit an assignment . And i said of course and go be with her . (I did it in a sorta funny way ) she said thanks !! 😊 and didnt reply till 12 just saying goodnight and sweet dreams . And i left her a paragraph to help her lift up her spirits . She saw it in the morning but didnt say anything until she replied @11 pm ( i texted at 9pm )  saying thank  you for that beautiful message and liking the message . From there the convo was ok and brought up a riddle to liven things up (last time we asked riddles was when we first texted ) and it was good compared to recent convos . And well today i never texted her and she never texted me so i left her a text rn saying hopefully your day went well . Sorry if i jinx it but i hope your day goes well today.  Im just so confused cus she sees my stories (i would post when im not busy)  and she posts one in the middle of the day assuming she's not busy . I feel like she doesnt want to text me so i shouldnt push it . I know i messed up and but like i want to clear up why . I just want to things to be how they were before . It feels like she did lose feelings and i want to ask but dont want her to stress her more even though she says i dont