So my boyfriend and I broke up recently but we’ve been having problems for a while like since the start of our relationship (things have happened such as him ignoring me for a day because he feels like it, entertaining other girls like flirting with them, having a girl best friend but them being too friendly but she was my best friend so they thought that was okay, hun like videos of girls twerking, him still following his ex on social media, him being friends with guys that talked bad about us and called me ugly, him making me jealous, calling me a bitch) stuff like that. so we broke up but and he’s blocked on all social media’s and even text. i looked at his account off my friends instagram and he’s acting totally fine and keeps throwing shade on social media but he did this before when we broke up and said that it’s all fake and he’s trying to make me hate him so he makes it easier for me to move on but i don’t know if he’s still loves me or not because he’s acting so rude and hasn’t reached out at all but in the past he said he loves and cares about me. but if he loved me he wouldn’t have done all those bad things to me. so i’ve had a dream about him for the last three days but one of the dreams was that him and I are getting married and it’s a thing to jump off a building and get  aught by people to continue the wedding. so i have to jump off the building but he’s at the bottom and i’m scared to jump. he’s my wallpaper on my phone and i look at it but it doesn’t help my anxiety at all. the building then starts to lean and i fall off the edge and i’m not caught because they’re on the other side. i have questions like why didn’t my wallpaper help ease me? maybe it’s because i’m getting over him but at the same time i’m dreaming about him. Another question is that why am i still caught up on him if he’s so toxic and doesn’t deserve me? Another question is does he still love me? I don’t know what to do. I was the best girlfriend to him. I taught him what love was even though he mentally and verbally abused me. He always victimized himself and manipulated me so why am i still caught up on him? I love him but not romantically. I just love and care for him as one of the people who were in my life.