I’ve been good friends with this girl for over a year now and over the time I’ve exponentially gained feelings for her. We met last year in the school band when we both joined back, everyday we’d make jokes and it was really fun. The next year we became even better friends where we’d hang out multiple times a week recording songs and other things together. During that entire past time I was already in a relationship with someone which was declining. Once my ex and I broke up at the start of 2020, the day after, me, her, and my other friend hung out so they could be there for me after the breakup. My previous relationship was 2.5 years long. At night when she left for home, we got in her car and talked for a while. It led to us talking about love and stuff and I told her that I had a crush on her. She told me that she also had feelings but she was in a relationship and that if it ended and I turned 18 that stuff could work. Over the time since then, early January, to now, we hung out a lot, became great friends, talked more about love and other lustful things about each other. She continued to take more about future plans of traveling and life and stuff together. During the last few months she’s also been friend with this guy who has both a really rich family and a halarious personality. He invited her to go to, get this, Las Vegas since he’s moving there for next year for college. They’re going on a road trip around the west until they get there. His family’s buying a house there and are providing her a job there so she’ll stay during the summer, No idea how to compete against that lol. She hangs out with both of us as friends but recently started hanging out with me less because I’ve been getting jealous of her and him hanging out. I really don’t want to be the jealous guy, I just want everything to go right. ButI really love this girl! I’m always much happier with her and she’s so beautiful and amazing to me and perfect and all of those feelings. We also have a ton of past memories and events in common. I really wish it could somehow go right. Even if the best advice is ways of being the best friend possible to her, I’ll take it all bruh. If anyone wants or needs to hear more to respond, I gladly will lol. I might have left out important details from my shyness. My anxiety is a huge coco block. If you guys have any ideas of cool things to or anything to make things go right, that will be great and I’d love to discuss things