Hey guys! So I’m just going to jump right into this. I was in a really bad relationship for 4 years. When I first met this “bad guy” we will call him. I was 14 years old and he was 18. I know, RED FLAG. But I was literally 14 with a naive 14 year old brain. I wasn’t necessarily the “pretty girl” but I was cute and I had older friends so I guess that made me seem more mature. I’m not sure. Either way, started seeing this guy. And obviously he knew all the ropes, I did not. So I fell hard for the constant “I miss you texts” even when I just had seen him the night before. We got into a relationship. And he cheated on me right off the bat. I left him immediately. But he stared literally driving around my grandmas house, crying, screaming “no, no, no, IM SORRY” and that went on for about a week until I gave in as a 14 year old girl thinking this 18 yr. old was really sorry. I forgave him, fast forward to his graduation and I tell him like a damn mature 14/15 year old “we cannot be together when u go to college, go have fun, enjoy college” and he literally begged and cried again for weeks. So I gave in like an ignorant naive 14 or 15 year old. He would constantly text me, call, FaceTime and be flattering so honestly I always had my suspicions but I never had any solid proof. It sucked because I really “loved” this guy so I wasn’t going to leave him unless I had real proof. I couldn’t bring myself to fully leave him without solid proof he was cheating. Eventually he felt bad and told me everything 4 years down the road. But at this point I had already lost a completely normal high school. I never went to prom, I never associated with guys my age. I didn’t go out and party or hangout with friends because he would get mad if I did. Meanwhile he was apparently a cocaine dealer in Fort Collins having three somes with cocaine all over naked bodies and shit every other night, also with another girlfriend named Christina and I who he was simultaneously cheating on. Honestly unbelievable I cannot explain the drama with this guy. I obviously ended it there and then. We spent 3 years as a long distance relationship and 1 yr. in the same town as teenagers. After I split with him at 18 after discovering the threesomes, cocaine, Christina, he literally packed his shit up, quit his job and moved back to my town! So me still being an ignorant fucking child, I forgave him because I have no idea because I thought it was romantic he packed up his whole life for me. Yuck! This went on for a few months until I caught him cheating with two of my “best friends” and another woman as well. Fast forward a year after I blocked him on every platform I could. I meet an incredible guy who I am now currently dating. I know he is incredible. He has never given me any feasible reason not to trust him and we are very open with each other. I just find myself heartbroken and hating myself too often because I have these problems now that I can’t get over. I’m just sub consciously convinced he will eventually cheat on me even though when I really think about it, I know he won’t. So we have issues that I cause that aren’t necessary and that I feel I almost have no control over. I constantly want to have sex because I am scared shitless if we don’t have sex everyday that he will go elsewhere... even if I’m not in the mood I will try, and get upset if he doesn’t want to. I know, sick, wrong, wtf.  Again, when I really think about this I know it is absurd and there’s no real logic behind it. But whenever he is not in the mood, like a normal person, I get so depressed and it’s hard for me to snap back. I don’t know what to do. I can’t have this go on any longer. How do I stop this? Has anyone else ever experienced this? Or am I just crazy? I also constantly have dreams about him cheating or my ex cheating and that’s how I know I’m a little traumatized from the last few years or I wouldn’t be experiencing ptsd dreams on a regular basis. But it has really screwed up my life, I want to have female friends like a normal woman but I can’t even bring myself to trust other women at this point. I’m just also convinced most women are horny as hell and will do whatever it takes to get some if they want some regardless, and I know that’s so fucked up! When I think about it logically I know it’s not true but I just fall back into the same pattern on accident. Please don’t get offended and hate me for my irrational prejudice thoughts I have developed. I need help and advice.