Hi. Me and my girlfriend have been together for almost 3 years now. After our first months, we started having sex (anal) and it was first for the both of us. And she was the one who initiated the whole thing. We were madly in love and staying at my home and nearly every two of three of our kissings was turning into sex and we were both happy with this. After we went to cinema or had dinner outside, on the way home, we would know what was going to happen and this was making me so happy. This was when we were at our first year at the University. At summer we would even try sexting because it was summer break and we were at our own homes. At the start of the second school year, everything was great, sex was good and then suddenly, my GF started saying things like i am afraid of getting pregnant etc. I tried to explain the situation to her, how it is nearly impossible that getting pregnant while not even having vaginal sex but she was beyond paranoid. She would even ask me to stop kissing her because she was getting wet etc. At first, i didn't think that this was gonna be a problem but after some time this has been an overwhelming problem for me. Because we would kiss, foreplay etc, we would do everything we did in the past before having sex but now she always stopped me when I implied that I'd like to have sex and she would laugh at me. Like i was so ready to have sex and she knew it and she would laugh at me and say no that's enough. And this situation somewhat disconnected me from the relationship because I thought she was having fun with me because I was desperate in need for her, i was craving for her. After some time, i had enough and talked to her about this. I said that all this kissing and foreplay indicates sex but just when we get there, you laugh at me and deny me, that is so frustrating. And she just said I don't want it and that's it. Really when you think about, if she doesn't want it that's it but it really hurts me when she does all these things, she teases me, she wants me touch her, she touches me but she just doesn't want to have sex. I mean, i am never done trying and this is the real issue. Now for months, maybe a year, everytime we do foreplay or kiss or talk about sex or when she teases me, i always expect and hope that we are going to have sex and I am super happy that we are in this state but everytime she ends the conversation with we are not having sex, i am just crushed. This happens nearly every day. I buy her nice things, like bra etc and she loves all of them. She is not going like why are you buying things. We do everything leading up to sex but we are not having sex and this just devastates me in a such a big scale that it shouldn't. She also says that she feels dirty and she needs to wash herself even though we do some closed foreplay, kissing. We are even imitating sex with our clothes and she even says kinky things to me. Throughout this events, we did have some quarrels and fights and she was constantly nagging about me losing interest in her and me being busy with watching games or playing games etc but this i am scared thing started way before that. We did nearly break up a week ago, not because of this, but worked out somehow and now we talk to each other like we are flirting just like when the early phases of our relationship. She is all in on our kinky conversations, i often tell her i miss those times when we were closer but even now she always ends the conversation with i don't want it, we can be happy without sex. I am not forcing her, like i said, if she doesn't want it that's it but this really devastates me and I'd like to know if this i am scared of getting pregnant thing is real, like she was doing some searches on Google and she got the idea from there she told me herself. By the way, i have no intention of leaving her because of this. This only effects me, everytime i hear i don't want sex i am broken. So this situation is only important for me i guess. So what should I do, do you have any suggestions or is there anyone who have gone through similar things with his gf?