So my boyfriend and I have been together going on four years. We've had our ups and downs but what he did recently really made me question our relationship. My grandpa passed away at the end of last year and his funeral was out of state. My boyfriend knew I would be gone for about a week. The thought of my boyfriend hanging out with some girl behind my back never worried me until my friend called the day after I left for the funeral. He told me that he saw my boyfriend out bowling with a girl the night before that (obviously) wasn't me. I quickly questioned my friend praying against the odds that somehow he was mixed up, but he saw my boyfriend get into his car with the girl and my boyfriend's car really stands out so there was no confusion there. I called my boyfriend and asked him if he'd gone bowling the night before and he lied to me. It wasn't until I told him that my friend saw him that he told me the truth. He said the girl was an old friend from high school visiting the area from another country (she was a foreign exchange student) and she was leaving the next day but wanted to see him before she left. This girl used to like my boyfriend too so that doesn't help the situation. (A little added detail, my boyfriend asked that we don't hang out with people of the opposite sex alone about a year into our relationship and since then I haven't and he has so that adds to the insult.) My biggest problem with this situation is that he lied to me. It makes me think, "well, if he lied to me about this then what else is he lying about?" He promised me that nothing happened between them besides bowling and I wanted to believe him. After all this went down, we took a break but it didn't last long because I really missed him. We've been fine for the last couple of months but today he posted a picture of her on his Snapchat story with the caption, "thanks for introducing me to crepes." He told me it was some game where he said "send me an x if you're my friend and I'll post my favorite picture of you on my story."She wasn't the only one he posted and idk if that's a big deal but seeing her picture on his story really upset me and brought up a lot of emotions I was trying to bury. And now I'm questioning whether I trust him or not again. Any advice? I really hate feeling like this.