Okay, so this may end up sounding very snobbish, which is not my intention as this is what I truly feel, and I would appreciate it if you told me what is wrong in my thinking, if there is anything wrong with it. Alright, so my parents for as long as I can remember have kind of pushed me and my feelings aside in favor of my siblings. I am one of seven children, so I understand that they can’t always focus on me , but I am also not the oldest (I am the middle child, and am the oldest living at home), and I feel like even my brothers who live in a different state get more of their attention than I do. I am so fed up with this. My entire life, with the exception of the first couple of years, I have felt more and more left out, and forgotten. I remember that of all the school functions I had the only ones I remember them showing up at are my fifth grade veteran day assembly, and my middle school graduation. I am a junior in high school, and have been in more assemblies and stuff than just those two (at least 7 more if I am remembering correctly). I feel I have to mention that both of my parents have medical conditions, migraines for one parent, spine problems for the other, but these conditions never prevented them from going to my younger siblings events. I feel so alone in my house. My only sister (younger than me) gets all the attention from my mother that I have wanted for years. She gets to do fun stuff with my mom, and I am almost certain is my dad’s favorite daughter simply because she like spicy food, something I can’t stand and refuse to put in my mouth because it hurts, and my little brother gets attention from both parents since he is thee youngest. Even on my birthdays it seems to be more about my siblings than me. ‘I know that today is supposed to be about you, since it is supposed to be your sixteenth birthday, but do you think that you can make you sister and brother breakfast and lunch, and keep them from fighting and watch all your least favorite Barbie to make sure they have a good day and you are miserable while we sleep all day? I am gong to take your stunned face and speechlessness as a yes, oh, and happy birthday.’ That is basically how my 16th went. And my parents have literally basically forgotten one of my birthdays. At the time we were moving, so I think that might be why, but halfway through the day, after hours of driving and not a peep about my birthday, we stop at a Costco, we walk around the store for about an hour, and almost like it was an afterthought to him, my dad goes over and grabs one of those cardboard things that you bring to check out so you can get your expensive item at the end without damaging it (am I explaining this right), and that is what I got for my birthday, and iPad, which I really do appreciate and am happy to have, but even after that it was just like ‘here this is your birthday present, happy birthday, oh, but you I also won’t let you touch it for the rest of the week.’ So basically I am being driven crazy by the, what I think is fact, that my parents don’t care enough about me to pay attention to my problems and needs, and since quarantine it has only gotten worse since I can’t even see anyone who could reassure me that it is all in my head. And on top of that recently I finally admitted to myself and my parents what I had tried to ignore for years, that I am pretty sure I have depression, and their reaction was basically ‘oh, okay, can you move away from the tv please?’ And have made no mention of talking about it since or consulting a doctor to get their advice. What should I do, should I confront them, should I ignore it, is it in my head, is it not really that big of a problem, what is it? I would really appreciate your opinions good and bad, so  I might be better able to face my problems either with myself or my parents.