Hi. I’m 20 yo and I have been with my Girlfriend (20) for 1 year (2019-2020). We broke up twice already and last time (we broke up in July 2019) we came back together in September that year. I finished high school last year and the relationship was great  (she was at university already since she’s a year older) , but after I graduated we broke up as she was very attached to me and I’d spent much time being with her during high school, matter fact my whole life based on studying very hard as I want to become a doctor, and being with her in my spare time. Anyways, we broke up  because I felt constricted by her but then I didn’t make med school first try and I didn’t have any friends at that point because as I said I mainly spent my time with her the last year. So I felt at my lowest and rationally thought “alright, at least I can have a hot gf “(note: objectively spoken she is very hot) so I basically picked up the relationship again. Thought it was love back then, but now I tend to think that I was just at a low point in my life and I wanted someone to pick me up again. We had happy 4 months after that and i was in a better shape by January and all of a sudden the same felling like in July 2019 kicked in and I just wanted to get rid of her ( note: i was doing very well in January: financially and in terms of getting into med school) so we broke up again. Then the whole corona thing kicked in and I seemingly lost everything again (no answer from med school because of corona, no chance of meeting someone new, social isolation, etc) and now I’ve been struggling a lot because as the title says I’m so urged to pick the relationship up again even though I tell myself this might not be right but I can’t really resisted anymore, I don’t know what to do. I blocked her on every Plattform she did try to contact me nevertheless in the past three months, so I am somewhat sure I would have another shot if I meet with her.(I am not a native English speaker. Please excuse my grammar)