In Feb, I matched with a wonderful girl on bumble. We started chatting and everything was great. We had many similarities, and we vibed fast. Until our “first date”, and even after that, we spoke for several hours of the day through call and text. Tbh, from an intellectual standpoint, she was one of the few girls I could speak to about almost everything without convos getting stale. It was also a pleasure to hangout with her every time we did. With that being said, her ex of 4 years cheated on her with her ex best friend. The month before we met, I believe they broke up. She would mention him and what he did, along with how he made her feel. Regardless, I always made sure she realized how resilient, strong, and beautiful she was and that what she was feeling should be how he should feel, and that in that relationship she gave her all. That’s all she could do. With that being said, she did feel I was too perfect for her, and that I shouldn’t have to put up with her issues. I even told her, I do because I truly care for her as a person. With speaking with out mutual friend, she did feel like things were kind of moving too fast, but knowing her, she wouldn’t do anything she didn’t want to do. I was just going with the flow. We agreed not to have a specific label, and that when she felt comfortable she could use one. But to her friends she considered us a couple. After our last date/ and last kiss, she wanted me to feel less stiff in our relationship and to loosen up more. Basically not to treat her like a queen and put her first, because she wanted to moments where we disagreed on something and didn’t see eye to eye. Tbh, I was acting how I normally act. I treat everyone they way they should be treated, because everyone deserves to be treated that way. In our relationship I was always my true self. After that, she called and basically wanted space from us, so she can truly understand what she felt from me because the feelings she had for me was greater than the feelings she had for her ex in those for years. She also, at the time, was dealing with her final year at her school, proceeding to apply to medical school, and to take her mcat. She also said she sees me as more than a friend, when I asked if she wanted to take things slow. After that I gave her a lot of time, to which she said she needed more. She also changed how she texted. Not using emojis any more. Than after some more time, I believe she removed our pics, and chats from sc. Now the custom name I had for her changed to her sc handle, and I’m not sure if we are friends still in sc. Regardless of what’s going on, I went on a journey of self development and bettered my self. Since then, I gained 20 pounds of muscle, am in good shape, and have been trying to become an even more disciplined and true person. In conclusion, I still care for her, as a person, and wish the best for her and her family.(not in a relationship type of way let say..as in her as an individual.) Is there any two sense anyone can give of this? Maybe something I did that was wrong, what I could’ve done differently, or anything else for that matter? She even told me she wants to go on the journey of recovery by her self. I told her that I could help her through it because I’ve had a similar past relationship to her.....