I don’t normally do these kind of things but I’m not sure where else to go. So, my boyfriend and I have known each other basically since high school (2008). It ended in high school because I wasn’t mature enough and when he got suspended from school for like 2 weeks, just to find out he was expelled, hurt. I didn’t know what else to do. He didn’t have a phone at the time and I couldn’t reach out to him on social media. So I assumed that was the end. Towards the end of the school year, he is back because his coach pulled some strings but I had already started talking to someone else. I regret it til this day but I was only a kid. For years we talked on and off but I always kept some sort of distance because of his previous girlfriends and I knew what my intentions were so I’d fall back to respect his relationships. Fast forward to 2016 he randomly to replied to one of my snaps and we literally just talked everyday from that day on. We made it official again in 2017. I helped him through his depression, visited him every weekend in Richmond after work, which was a 2hr drive. He moved back home eventually and we got a place together. It was rushed because he wanted out of his mom house and wanted to begin a life with me. We moved in Nov 2017 and I found out he cheated in feb 2018. I left for a brief moment and came back to try and work things out. It seemed to had been going well but communication, seem like I begged for that too often. There’s been times he’s threatened to throw me out the house, take my key whatever the case maybe, then a week later he’s cuddling me and treating as if nothing happened. This keeps happening. We had a really big argument and I basically tried to take my life and his mom got involved. That was 2 or 3 weeks ago. Now, it’s back to the same. I posted something on snap regarding to next Friday and it had nothing to do with Vday but he felt the need to reply saying “I wouldn’t do that, the only reason we’re still together is because you won’t leave” mind you. WE JUST WENT TO DC TOGETHER LAST WEEK! I just don’t understand him. I’m trying so hard to make things work but I’m getting tired. Is it worth it to keep fighting? Mind you we both come from traumatizing childhoods. I’m the only one seeking help. He is not.