To start off, hi i’m new to reddit as of 5 minutes ago, and i’ve never turned to online forums for advice. My boyfriend and I have collectively been together for a year and a half-ish. We started dating in Dec of 18’ senior year of high school, both 19 now and ending our freshman year of college (our colleges are 20 minutes apart but we live about 7 minutes down the road from one another). I had just gotten out of a very hard and grueling emotionally abusive relationship, and he was always in one long term relationship into the next, because he couldn’t stand being alone. He had a reputation of being a man hoe, when he was ready for a relationship to end, he would find his next girlfriend before leaving his current, instead of just leaving. Long story short, at the time neither of us really had any business starting a new relationship, something we realize now, but now we are here. We had gone to school together for 7 years and did sports together and hung out in the same circle of friends, his exes were to say the absolute least, CRAZY. One made fake accounts to try and get him to cheat so she could have him and hurt me. He comes from an emotionally abusive household, anything under the sun that you can think of in terms of emotional abuse, he’s witnessed and endured in his household. As I can say the same for myself, we bonded off of shared charm and chemistry initially, and then when the relationship progressed, shared trauma. Until month 11 of our relationship, barring a few rough patches, everything was beautiful, we were surprised, because we really just wanted one last hurrah before college, someone to pass the time of the many late night meets we had together with, end it with a summer fling and part ways. But we loved each other. We were envied by all, thick as thieves, two peas in a pod, the works, he expressed that he didn’t know girlfriends like me were out there, as I had determined to be my best for him. We had just about finished our first semester of college and he started acting so weird, he was reserved, lied about where he was, and lied about stupid things, (when he ate, who he was with, what time he slept, etc..) me being myself took that and ran full speed with my toxic traits that I vowed to change in the name of ‘love’ for him, and things that I did change until he started acting different. I did everything in return instead of talking to him, and our relationship took a deep plunge, of back and forth toxicity. Of course every couple has their arguments, but we didn’t, I would just get upset and go radio silent from anywhere between a few hours to days, and he didn’t get upset because he didn’t really care. He had recently had a new friend group that I wasn’t introduced to, and he went out of his way not to, as he was usually excited to have me meet his friends, and that ticked me off. Girls I would tell him I was uncomfortable with him hanging with (one in particular that face timed him all hours of the day and night) that he grew particularly close to, he would say “they are in my friend group and I’m not going to stop being their friends”. I knew something was up, and that he was being sneaky, but I took it out on the wrong things and people. (later discovered that the girl liked him and he didn’t know how to turn her down and remain friends, and he said the friend group as a whole got him into a lot of trouble) And then one night I get a phone call from his crazy ex, basically squirming from the excitement to tell me that she had been talking to my boyfriend, talking about how I hadn’t been a great girlfriend and how he missed her and how she felt so sorry for him, they stayed up late nights reminiscing for about a week before she told me. They got into contact because we were on and off, he reached out, we got back together, he didn’t cut things off. He denied before I gave him proof, and then he admitted to it to a degree and with that I ended it this past Nov. No contact rule other than to grab my expensive clothes from his dorm. I blocked him on everything. Until the middle of January I checked a form of social media I never use, and he had sent lots of messages and updates, how he’s going to therapy, wished me Happy Birthday, and told me he understood why I blocked him and that I may never see his messages, but he wanted to say he was sorry. I’d spent months finding myself and having the time of my life in college, I had just about healed up and had the courage to ask how he was, so we talked. Since then we have been slowly building up the commitment, everything my pace, first he was just one of the many men I was dating, (he was aware). Then an open relationship, then he said he was cutting off his other people, but wanted me to do whatever I was comfortable with. He said after we broke up, him and his ex talked for a while and he couldn’t bring himself to go back to that, and told her he wanted to make things right with me, and for once he was finally single for a while. He seems to be trying so so hard, he has been caught in a few lies that have crept up from the past, but it seems as if he is genuinely remorseful, and transparent. He has begged me to check his phone for reassurance, sends me his recent personal messages, which is sometimes upsetting, because it makes me feel like the crazy chick that’s controlling and nosy. but he does it on his own. he always calls to check in without me asking. Everything he wasn’t the first time around, he is, and everything he was, he’s better. He owned up to everything, and said that “people will always cheat in the world we live in, but it shouldn’t be from him” we’ve had long conversations about how he hated who he was, from his perspective he said he was selfish and okay with being a jerk, didn’t know when to say no, and didn’t care to say no, and felt the need for approval from everyone. he said that the night it ended he had an epiphany that if he wanted to get anywhere in life and have love, and success and healthy partnerships, that he needed to change for himself whether we ended up together or not. I’m asking my question because i’m still insecure and starting things up has opened old wounds, I’ve been shutting down when he wants to comfort me, i’m on edge and can be downright pissy for no reason. But i’m over it, I either want to move forward or move on. I would just appreciate some feedback. I’m not in love with him anymore but I do love him, and see him as family and my best friend. the attraction is still there, and if he is the man he claims to be, I want him. As I believe loving someone is a choice, I have chosen to do so since we started talking, but I want to fall in love with him again, find the spark. He said that if we can make it through what we’re doing, he wants this to be it for him, and he wants to marry me. i’m not looking for a fairy tale love story, i’m looking for a realistic life partner, best friend and lover. I just want dependable and loyal. And i want to know your guys’ opinions and advice, as well as ways to move forward if you guys think it’s possible. Thank you <3