I’ve been with my boyfriend for almost 11 months now. There’s a girl who he used to be in absolute love with for years, and she’s in all of his classes and some of mine. She constantly flirts with him and he flirts back. A lot of the time it’s right in front of me too. They talk all the time. She has a VERY clear dislike of me. It makes me frustrated and upset that she does this and that he does it back. I’ve voiced my opinion on this to him. He tells me that he doesn’t care for it and it doesn’t affect him, but knows how much it affects me. He flat out said that he will never do anything about it. It’s as if he still loves her. He constantly tells me that he loves me and that he wants to build a life with me, but he said that to the other girl too. He gets so mad at me when I tell him that he should do something about it and tell her to stop. He says I don’t trust enough in him. I can’t trust in him if he won’t tell her to stop. He “cheated” on his ex with this girl (he didn’t actually, he broke up with his ex because this girl who is constantly flirting with him made him feel like he cheated). I don’t want the same thing to happen to us. By the way, this girl falsely accused him of r*pe for attention. He still talks to her. He gets mad at me for being upset about him talking and flirting to her. He says he never knows when it happens, but if I’m always telling him about it why is he choosing not to do anything? He always says that he’s a nice person and not a b**** and that’s why he apparently refuses to shut her down. I consider flirting cheating and he knows that. It’s like he loves getting attention from her. He also knows I’m really insecure because of her. He used to always publicly talk about how attractive she was. He doesn’t do that for me. I just saw a video on someone’s story. He’s at a dance rn and he’s talking to her. Also, he spent $300 on his Christmas gift for her in 2018. He said it was a goodbye gift and a gift to end their friendship. He only got me a hoodie that year and he labeled me his best friend. What type of person does that? :/// He knows I’m currently sick with the flu and we just had an argument about this. I feel even worse because of all this. I can’t keep crying over this sh**. He knows how much it hurts me but he’s not considering my feelings. Am I really crazy for getting upset over this? :/