I worked at a job some years ago I seen this girl I had a huge crush on her but nothing came of it fast forward 2-3yrs later we meet at the bar. We exchanged numbers talk for a couple weeks but again nothing came of it.. so now 1 month ago this same girl starts texting me again and we become closer than we had if the past. We started texting all day & talking on the phone at night then we eventually hung out she came over to my place and we had sex it was 10/10 for the both of us i assume. Because I am a male and My legs and sheets were dripping with water & she told me she never had sex like that before. Anyways we start seeing each other more often. Then something tragic happens an her grandmother (85yrs) old goes into hospice She was close with her grandmother from what I see. We had plans this Thursday before valentines day to hang out and she had to cancel because an emergency came to where she had to travel 2hrs away to see her grandma. Okay I understand. Long story short she messaged me when she returned home later that night i tried to comfort her as best as i could. So we texted an she seemed to have lightened up a bit. So I mentioned to her saying “not trying to be inconsiderate but my friend invited me to nyc tmw an considering its valentines day tmw would you wanna go for a quick date before I left?” She replied “Noo dont worry about me i work all day go have fun with your friends”  An me being nice/cute I replied “ i am gonna be worrying about you &thinking about you” she then replies “ I think we should just be friends” I reply “ umm okay” She answers “I just don’t want to let anyone down bc I’m not emotionally here right now “ an i told her “I get that” she then wished me a goodnight and a nice weekend & I did the same and we haven’t spoken since. I really like this girl should i just let it be or should i try again? I haven’t spoken to her since Thursday I didn’t even wish her happy valentines day. So if i was gonna make an attempt to get back with her I was going to send flowers to her job with a note saying “ lets fix this” And just some extra info.. I was a little needy i guess i would just confess to her how much I like her an how i dont wanna loose her from my life things like that. I never called or texted her excessively nothing in the stalker behavior just maybe a bit over emotional for me being a man loll