so - i’m kind of freaking out...i rly feel like i cant talk to my friends about this because we just aren’t that open about sex. so i guess i came here haha hope i get some advice. I (20F) have been sleeping with this guy (20M) for around 5 months, it hasn't gotten frequent until this month before it was more random hook ups. We are both in college. We took a break because of winter break since we were not at school. everything has been really good and he’s easily the best i’ve ever had. it was clear that we were not really looking to date from the beginning because of college and it was more of a casual thing. I have really no vested interest in dating him I just really like hooking up. The issue arose because we haven't been using protection. I’ve expressed multiple times how this makes me uncomfortable and it was only the last time we fucked where he told me that his dick gets SOFT when a condom comes near it. and then he showed me and he was right ????? idk what that was about but it basically let me know that it wasn’t just me he was fucking raw but everyone. and that made me 50 times more uncomfortable which i expressed to him. I continued to do it even knowing this so I guess I knew what I was getting myself into. anyways flash forward to today. he calls me and tells me that he tested positive for chlamydia and it is more than likely that i have it too. he profusely apologizes, tells me he’ll pay for it and he’ll buy me food and whatever, just trying to be nice. he then tells me that he slept with 3 people right before he slept with me for the first time this semester (the beginning of the semester was the beginning of January). and then after that he had only slept with me. So it is likely that I have had this for a month. and idk i feel like when someone tells u u more than likely have chlamydia u should be fuming???? but i rly just am not that mad to the point where i’d even sleep with him again. after the 2 weeks of making it go away of course...is something severely wrong with me? it’s not even like i like him in a romantic way. it’s strictly just that he’s amazing as sex and i’ve only ever had terribly bad and awkward experiences aside from him. I would not say that I have one experience apart from him that I've enjoyed. i guess i’m scared of losing the attention and trading good sex for bad sex. Or just having to search for good sex across campus all over again. I've tried and somehow it never works out. Can i be ok with sleeping with him again? Under the strict conditions that things change of course. Am i wrong for being this ok with it? I don’t know why i struggle so hard with the idea of dropping him. He gave me an STI shouldn’t that be an easy choice?