Met this guy at work. He works at a diffrent department, but has to pick up these containers occasionally. I have seen him a few time and we never talked. I would look at him, trying  to figure out if he was someone I knew. Then the other day I was like screw it. I asked him where he was from. Turned out not the same town. I explained that he looked like an old friend. He just moved here in december. He kept coming back to talk to me because he was bored, but I wouldn't always see him grab containers when he did.(That's weird)  He is one year out of the military. I added him on PSN. He sent me his number over pan messages. We texted and he was like let's go to the dog park tommorow. Let's take our dogs. We spent about 3 hours hanging out. He asked If I wanna get baked and I said maybe. He said he is straight but tells everyone he is gay. Near the end he said something along the lines of you can go home and we will play COD, I feel like I'm a burden. I replied with I hate you lol , you put me in a awkward situation. We say bye and I start walking off to my car. I try not to look in his direction. I hear him. I look up hes laughing to himself and says what do you mean, I'm just over thinking it. I explain that I took it as a cue to tell me to go home, he did say he needed to go to buy groceries. Hes liek I can do that later. Asked if I wanna go get food. I'm like I cant. My dog will go nuts in the car. I said I can drop him off. Get home, let my dog loose text him. I was like your dog is prolly tired it's best we just play cod. Hes like I was gonna drop off Jake but COD it is. I'm like, k. We play for like 30 mins then I say I gtg and sleep. Later, when I woke up he messages me. He says teentitans and high? I said yes but I'm too toasted to baked atm. Then once again he says he want to get high but not alone. I have a bad feeling about him, but I'm trying to be calm. This happened over a course of three days. The fact he keeps wanting to hangout means he prolly wants to f me. That or we had a good connection. We can talk and talk.He is very attractive. I really like him, but I dont wanna be some fuck buddy. He is my crush.