Sorry if this post is a long post, but fuck it I have no one else to talk to about this. My boyfriend and I have been together for a little over a year and we’re both in college. We started off as fuck buddies for a few months and then we officially started dating. After two months of dating an acquaintance told me that he had made out with other girls during spring break (we had been dating for a few weeks at this time). I was devastated and confused because things between us were going so well. We talked and I asked him if anything else happened and he assured me that was it. Several days later someone anonymously confessed to me that he had fucked someone else during spring break. This time I was enraged and then sad, so we talked again and I forgave him and we moved forward. I started noticing that he was following a lot of girls and liking the pics of them in their bikinis or seductive pics of them. Normally I’m not jealous and this wouldn’t bother me but something in my gut told me otherwise. He told me it’s no big deal and it’s just a guy thing. We got into a fight and the next day he invited me to his room to apologize and make up and that’s when I saw tinder on his phone. He said that he thought we were going to break up after the argument we had and he promised he didn’t really use it and that it would be deleted. Like the gullible dumb ass I am I forgave him. The semester ended and summer began, which meant we wouldn’t see each other because we live in different places. He continued liking other girls pics and following other girls, which would cause arguments between us over the summer. Fall semester began and things were going great. I can’t remember exactly what happened but he gave me his passwords for his stuff and out of curiosity I snooped. I found out he was snapchatting and dming other girls on insta. He also lied and was still using tinder, bumble, and hinge. I also found out he fucked his neighbor who was his close friend, which I always had a weird vibe from her and he claimed it was just once while we were dating. He also fucked someone else right before we made our relationship official which also pissed me off. We made up AGAIN after this. I left for a weekend and there was a tailgate he attended while I was gone. I found out from his Snapchat that he fucked another random girl after the tailgate. I was broken again but chose to stay. Since then I’m always suspicious of him cheating on me and I don’t know why I choose to stay. I’m really insecure and I also have Borderline Personality Disorder. I’m scared because of my disorder that no one else will want me. No one else knows about my disorder or about him cheating except for the first time during spring break. He talks to his close friends about it and some think I’m crazy for being jealous and flipping out on him, but I think he leaves out his infidelity. He’s told me multiple times that I’m crazy and that no one else would stay in a relationship with me. Everyone else thinks we’re a cute and happy. Our relationship would be perfect minus the cheating. I really love him and despite the cheating I feel like he loves me. We’re moving in together this summer and I really want a future with him, but his cheating really hurts me. He told me that I’m his first real relationship and he always makes plans for a future with me.