I have pretty severe anxiety, and the last few weeks have been super hard mentally and on my relationship. Mentally, I’m set back a few years because I had a childhood that messed me up and I wasn’t taught anything except how to be able to barely take care of myself. My boyfriend on the other hand is super-motivated, loves to learn and grow and wants to progress in life quickly. As you can see, that’s not a great dynamic for a couple because I’m not only younger by 3 years (I’m 18 and he’s 21) but mentally just not at the place he wants me to be at to achieve the future he wants. We had this huge fight and he slowed down to try to help me “catch up” to where he’s at. This huge fight made me breakdown and shave all my hair off and I genuinely thought we were going to break up a few times. Even though we have settled everything I feel like this whole time I haven’t been trying hard enough in his eyes. Even though I feel like I was doing everything I can to make him happy and keep myself sane. Today was the first time that I am completing everything that he wants me to do but I’m so beyond exhausted and the relationship isn’t as affectionate as it was before and I really need that affection to just get through life (I grew up in a household with 0 affection whatsoever so it’s very important to me in a relationship to have that). I really don’t know what to do because up until now it was so good and now I feel like I’m going to his house everyday to hang out with a motivational speaker that tries to double as a therapist. I know he’s trying hard to help me and doesn’t mean any harm but I think as a result he doesn’t really reciprocate the love anymore. He just kinda nods when I tell him a story and changes the subject to something else, gets frustrated when I don’t like when he jokes about breaking up with me or when I get sad because he jokes that I look like a boy. When I hug or try to cuddle he just sits there then says we gotta get up and do something after 2 minutes. And he just doesn’t seem as happy around me now. I don’t want to break up or bring it up to him because it might cause another huge fight. Any suggestions on what I can do? Or think about?