I have been married to my wife for 13 years and until a few weeks ago our arguments have never been physical until now.  A few weeks ago after getting home from my Uncle's/Aunt's house my wife had forgot her purse at their house. It was now 1130 pm and we live about 30 minutes from them. She was intoxicated I was not and I told her she should pick it up tomorrow. She stated no, I advised her I would grab it on the way to work tomorrow she was not happy with that and I finally said I would drive there tonight and get it and Ill leave in a bit.  She obvious was not happy with that and went upstairs and got redressed and I did not know she was doing this and when she came down I told her she was not leaving I would go. She grabbed her keys and went to the door. I stood in her way with my hand on the front door preventing her from opening it and she began cursing and screaming. I did scream at her back saying I was not letting her leave drunk and I would go. She mocked me back about what I said and made some comment about me a good role model for our kids.  I turned around and walked away to leave and go and she hit me in the back of my head with her sandles. I was now extremely  pissed and went to the garage where her alcohol was and was going to dump the rest so she could not get any drunker. She ran in and was screaming and began attacking my from behind to get the liquor bottle back and ripped my shirt off my body and I finally gave her the bottle. We were screaming and my oldest son (18) was scared and called the police.  I was now gone from the house when the police arrived. My wife called cursing me out how I called the police. I did not and knew my son had ( he called me and told me) but I would tell my wife that.  She continued to call me names etc.. She finally did figure out my son called. The next day she told my son he had no business doing that and it was none of his business.  I told him he needed to do what he felt was right and he was not fault for this we were. My wife will take no responsibility this, has not apologized, and has blamed me for what happen that night.  I want to go to marriage counselor,but with the pandemic at this moment that is not on the table for at least a few more weeks.  We not talked about it since then, I have not really looked at her, touched her, or told her I love her since then. When I normally do this several times a day.  Should I try counseling? I think we should at least try. We also have a younger son 8.  Police did arrive spoke to me over phone and I told them no physical violence only verbal so no one was arrested.