I’ve been dating my gf for 7 months during that 7 months she constantly told me I am the one that I’m her soulmate. She even told her mother that and both them talked about us getting married. I loved her so much. On my birthday (early this month) she confessed she no longer felt the same and hasn’t felt the same for along time. She recently sent her dog away for training and haven’t seen it in weeks. I thought it was connected so I told her I can’t sympathize with her cause I don’t understand what it’s like to be emotionally dependent on an animal. That pissed her off we fought some more and after some more fighting she said she needed to leave and we calmed down I told her that think about what she wants with this relationship. The next week we didn’t talk much that weekend we didn’t see each other but she talked to me more and more. In fact she called and asked if she could come down cause she felt sad even though I have class all day the next two days. I said sure and she came down. Then said she wants to come down Friday we constantly talked on the phone and everything was normal. She started ignoring me after she had some family problems and ended up blowing up on me saying I don’t need to talk to her 24/7 and I’m pushing her to her edge. The next day (yesterday) I called her to tell her I didn’t appreciate her blowing up on me and if she didn’t want to talk to just say she didn’t want to talk. It turned into an hour long fight where she blamed me for her failing school (she don’t do her homework or she procrastinates) she said I have to know what she is doing all the time (if she says hey I just say hey what’s up or hey what you up to I honestly didn’t know that was a problem) she said my entire family thinks your bad for me cause ever since we’ve been dating I’ve been more depressed (her parents always said I’ve made her happier) she said she’s been thinking of leaving me for a long time. She after just cutting me down says it’s her fault that she’s the bad person thay she’s always at fault. She ended the phone call with saying if I knew you were gonna waste my fucking time I wouldn’t of picked up but I felt like I fucking had to answer you I have to get going to my mothers. I asked what do you want with us then she replied with idk a fuckinf stake up my ass sounds good... I asked again she said i don’t fucking know. I told her do you want me to not talk to you until you talk to me she said that sounds fucking fantastic. Now break up is clearly gonna happen but she never said anything just changed her Facebook status to single and hasn’t talked to me yet I called theee times just to say hey I see you wanna break up I want to come up and get my shit tomorrow. No answer I texted her she’s ghosting me. I guess the only thing that hurts is that she never said we are over and isn’t giving me the chance to even get my shit. I feel so broken I don’t understand how someone could do that.