I’m sorry but this is gonna be a long read. I (18F) have been dating my boyfriend (19M) for almost two and a half years now. Just some background he is in the army and we have been doing this long distance thing for about 23 months and it’s been pretty great and things are totally fine between us given this situation.  In the past he has done some things that have hurt my feelings. Nothing big like cheating or abuse in any form or stuff like that but more like he would always be late for anything that has to do with me or the first time he came home on leave a few times he would cut our time together early and ask if he could go hang out with his friends. Over a year and half ago I brought up these issues and some others and he was completely apologetic and said he didn’t realize he was making me feel this way. All of these issues that I brought up were talked out and resolved. Since then he has been the perfect boyfriend. In general he has always been oblivious to things around him and has a very poor memory which all of his childhood best friends also agree with so it’s not just with me, which is why I let him get away with that behavior before. When i was telling him about the kind of things he would do that made me feel bad I brought up some examples of them. This was kind of a wake up call for him to change his behavior which he has done all by himself without any additional pressure from me. The thing I am struggling with is that I didn’t tell him every instance in which he did something that bothered me and the reason I didn’t is because they are basically the same as one of the examples I gave him when I was talking about a particular issue. If that didn’t make sense I’ll give you a scenario. I told him how it didn’t feel good that he was so forgetful like when I told him multiple times for weeks that I wanted to hang out with him for a little bit on our senior grad night (school Disneyland trip) since the whole thing lasted about 40 hours and I thought it was pretty reasonable of him to spend and hour or two with me but he still asked me the day of the event if I wanted to hang out like I never talked about it before. After I brought it up to him later he said he was sorry and didn’t realize it and now he makes an extra effort to remember things better which he has done. But at the same I didn’t tell him about time I was a little hurt when I told him more than once I wanted him to stay for just an hour at my graduation party (he was mr.popular in high school and was invited to lots of those parties that day so I didn’t care if he went to others for longer if he was at mine for just a little) but he showed up and said that he was only gonna be there for 10 mins and then after he went to his friends party which he was at for 8 hours and the house was literally down the street. This is what I mean by I only gave him one instance in which he did something but there are other times he did it and I didn’t bring it up in the discussion since it’s the same thing. Another example of this is when I told him that it hurt when he would always cut me off when I’m talking or wouldn’t respond to whatever I’m saying and just start talking about whatever he wanted (I have 6 best friends including bf and all of them have adhd so this is a common occurrence in my life and I had grown used to that and tried not to take it personally. I’m also very soft spoken so basically everyone in my life does this) but coming from him it hurt more. In one instance over a year and a half ago he did it and I lost it and told him how it effected me when he did that. He said he was sorry for it and now he always waits till I’m done to start talking and will respond to what I say. But still I didn’t bring up the other instances he has done so because I thought there was no point and each example was the exact same thing. Lately those examples that I never brought up have been circling my mind and i get upset thinking about them and how I felt when he did that. Would it be wrong of me to bring up these issues again when he has changed the way he acts all by himself and never does any of these things anymore and to list him all the instances he made me feel bad? He did these things during the first couple months of our relationship and I brought up these issues a little after. He always listens to me now. He’s never late to be with me. He’s more attentive and finds ways to be less forgetful. He never cuts our time short anymore. He makes me feel like the most special girl in the world now and I don’t have any regret or doubt being with him so I feel like it would be wrong of me to sit him down and list every instance that he made me feel bad when for almost two years he has proven to have changed by himself and is always conscientious of my feelings now. Do I just need to understand that that’s all in the past and isn’t happening anymore or do I tell him about it. What should I do?