My ex was married when I met him. We work in the same building for different companies and after a few months of harmless flirting he asked me to lunch. I probably a little to eagerly agreed. He was my exact idea of my ideal partner. Tall handsome blue-eyed suit wearing statue of David type attraction. He also made these ridiculous jokes that I just knew I was probably the only person on the planet just thought we’re absolutely hilarious. Humor is a really big deal for me. So we go to lunch. About this time I notice the ring. At lunch he tells me about the past SD arrangements he’s had. With women on the floor. So instantly I’m thinking he wants to have an arrangement type affair with me. Felt like a shot to my ego and heart a bit. He was perfect for me. Or so I thought. But he was married. Over the next few weeks I realize I wanted him regardless of his marriage. Fast forward two years. I have been through more harm drama and near death experiences since I met him than anyone should. He divorced his wife 6 months after we met. Not something I asked for something he had wanted for a long time. As soon as the divorce finalized I find out he’s been cheating on me. The first woman was a client of his. She was a 2 and I was a 10 and yet he cheated and then told me in the absolutely most harmful way. I told him I would never speak to him again. He spent a week apologizing trying to convince me that he was in love with me that he imagined a life where he would have married someone like me that it was a mistake and that I pushed him to it... I asked him for one month of closure to give me time to heal to go to therapy with me to mutually work on us together. He said if I wasn’t going to sleep with him for a month then he would be fucking others. He said it was impossible for him to go without sex for one month. (Mind you I love sex I didn’t want to go without sex but I was hurt and needed time to adjust and heal and for us to work on the emotional problems) and he couldn’t even do that for me. For the past year now we have been on again off again. Him cheating him hurting me and me always coming back. I’m no saint. But I’ve always been completely open with him. He hides everything from me he’s terrible at communicating with me. He laughs at me anytime I’m hurting and he constantly tells me he doesn’t know what he wants anymore but that he can’t let me go. But I’m so blindly in love with him that I still haven’t figure out a way to get over him. He pulls me back in every-time with the promise of going to therapy with me. Promising to work on us. Spinning these dreams of a life were we could end up married and building an empire together. I know it’s ridiculous that I keep going back but I just don’t know how to move on. I feel like he’s costing me my self worth and I’m just letting him go open season on me. Why do I keep letting him have everything from me when in return he gives me nothing back but heart ache?