My boyfriend and I have been together for almost a year now. It started really good and he showed me a lot of love all the time and bought me little things and was just a dream. But, after a couple months, I started to see his controlling side. He made me feel guilty for choosing my family on days he wanted to hang out and I end up choosing him because he gets so mad and threatens to break up. This is a common occurrence, even now during this quarantine. Before, whenever I would hang out with friends he would get into a bad mood. He’d be mean all night and it would ruin my night and I started to decline invitations because I did not feel like dealing with it. I know he gets like that because he would rather I stay home and only hang out with him. This got worse after February. My friend had a birthday dinner and my boyfriend doesn’t like me around any guys, and there were guys invited. I decided not to tell him because I really wanted to go. That night, he asked for pictures and videos of everyone around me. Somehow I managed to not get any guys in the videos. But towards the end he called and asked to hear what was around and he heard their voices then. He got furious and demanded I come home. I lived 5 hours away at college. He said he didn’t care but to find a way. It was 10pm and I called an uber and paid almost $300 to get halfway and he picked me up from there. He forgave me for lying but said he wanted me to show him everything. He put a tracking app on my phone so he can see my location at all times while I was at college. On top of the app, there was the daily requirement of videos all day no matter what. No guys around me. Going to work was hard because I never knew when he would ask for pictures so I avoided my male coworkers. Sometimes I just didn’t go to work. In classes, I sat in the back and made sure no guys sat near me. When someone did, I would panic so much and I would end up leaving my class. He made me delete all my social media apps and we only text, but I send him videos and pictures constantly. He also made me delete all guy’s numbers. He doesn’t trust me but I don’t trust him either. He used to talk to a girl I didn’t like. She sent him nudes and called him constantly and I told him to block her, but whenever we would fight, he would unblock her. Then after we made up, he told me he unblocked her and talked to her again. I’m kind of over it now, but I look through his phone whenever he leaves the room. He has made me stay up all night and send him pictures and videos that I’m alone every 5 minutes because I made him mad. This has happened twice. One time he wanted me to send him nudes in the middle of the night. I had to get up and get undressed and send nudes till he said I could stop. He controls my sleep. I can’t sleep in past 8 because he said he won’t text back if I wake up late because he doesn’t want to wait for me. I’m always scared I’ll piss him off and he’ll break up with me. We’re in a good place right now, but it never lasts. I can’t leave but I know I should but it’s so hard. I’ve cried so much. I don’t see my friends. I don’t see my family that much and im just so sad and broken. How do i find the courage to leave