My boyfriend (21) and I (23) have been together for almost a year. Before this outbreak, we planned on moving in together to a city where I'll be starting a new program. We were supposed to be moving next month but since there has been a lockdown we quickly moved into the apartment attached to his  mothers house. I don't have many of my things as my lease isn't up until the end of April. Things were okay in the beginning but my boyfriend has shown me a side to him that has made me feel conflicted since we've been here. He's been smoking up at night, staying up until the early hours and then sleeping in until late afternoon. He does make our family dinners but otherwise I am doing the cleaning, laundry and picking up after him. On top of that his family has been freaking me out about the continuation and aftermath of this virus, saying that our rights will be taken away and the economy will collapse. My boyfriend has been quite moody since we've been here too and sometimes he's just mean. My parents have passed away and so I don't have anywhere to go other than renting my own place (which I can swing worse comes to worst). I have found a place to sublet for a while and a place to rent a couple of months down the line in the city my boyfriend and I were originally moving to. However, I'm having the hardest time making that move on my own right now. I've talked to a couple of friends about this and they seem to think it's a good idea for me to leave this place, but it's much easier said than done from their perspective when they have people to rely on and quarantine with. Also, I'm terrified of going off on my own and then all these disaster things happen that they're telling me (they've also showed me stuff that kind backs up their points sometimes) and I'm dealing with everything alone when I could've been with my boyfriend and his family whom are prepared for the worst. Also, despite everything, my boyfriend is a kind person and I do love him. He's been my best friend for the past year and this quarantine has shown me I don't have as many people in my corner as I thought. My most trusted friend is hours away and has her own family and problems to take care of. Oh, and last but not least, it's overall tense in the house because I can't use the apartment shower or kitchen so I have to go into the main house a lot of the time and I don't fully feel comfortable. I'm also paranoid his Mom knows we're having trouble and she'll hate me if I leave, and I decide to work things out with my boyfriend afterward. I am so so lost and confused on what to do. If it weren't for the pandemic, things would be much easier but now everything seems to be stuck for a while.