This is a throwaway account for obvious reasons. So my bf & I have been together for a year now & sexually things were great for the first half of the relationship. The sex used to be so good and I felt that he wanted to make sure I was being pleasured too. There have been things that have happened that have caused me to get anxiety. For example, every time I would try to initiate sex, he would always be oblivious to it and I would sometimes tell him that’s what I was trying to do and he’d just be like “oh” & nothing would happen & trust me I understand if he’s not in the mood I respect that & im not gonna force home but i would just be left feeling embarrassed. We’ve since talked about those things and I’m working on trying to move past the anxiety of it. So now to my current problem, for the past I want to say 2-3 months, the sex just hasn’t been the best, mainly because he just stopped doing any kind of foreplay. Sometimes he will touch my down there but I can just tell he’s bored and wants to go straight to penetration. And it’s such a turnoff to see that he’s not interested in pleasuring me. It’s so frustrating because I’ve talked to him about this so many times and I’m always met with his annoyance instead of him trying to put in an effort again. He’s made comments about how I take forever to cum and it’s hurtful to me because imo it just shows how he doesn’t really care about me cumming. I tried talking to him about the lack of foreplay again this morning and he just got super annoyed like always and made a comment of “just do it yourself” and idk maybe I’m overreacting but I just feel so hurt because I don’t feel like I’m asking for much and he’s making me feel like I am. He has never really eaten me out, it’s happened like 3 or 4 times and when he has it’s literally been for like a minute and then he stops. I’ve told him that if he’s just not into doing that then tell me and I won’t expect that from him and he can just do other types of foreplay but he always insists that I’m the problem in some way and it’s so frustrating/hurtful bc if it was reversed I would love to pleasure him. I used to give him head very often but then once in an argument he said that I don’t know how to give head and now I get such bad anxiety when I even think about trying again, and it sucks bc I actually like giving him head. I only bring this up because I was giving him head at least once a week and sometimes multiple times a week and he just stopped putting in effort. He’ll either say that I’m the problem or that it’s just too tiring to touch me at all. I’ve tried thinking of alternatives but he just always gets super annoyed and then just brings me down for even bringing it up in the first place. I used to love having sex with him but constantly being met with annoyance when trying to talk to him about things that are bothering me just makes me just feel resentful and makes me not enjoy the sex. What should I do now ??