So my girlfriend and I are on break right now. I find myself constantly texting her bc I can’t do anything (thanks COVID-19). I always am telling her how much I like her and how much I miss her and it’s never reciprocated. She doesn’t know how she feels about me. But we still talk. But I know I am a simp. She bullies me a lot and I always just put up with it and cover it up by saying oh I like that you’re mean. But in reality, no one likes when someone is mean to them. The relationship expectations is always with me coddling her, and the relationship has gotten stale to me. I don’t know how I feel about her, and she is always asking me if I love her and I do, but I’m slowly losing interest. I am always respecting her boundaries and am always nice and respectful to her, but every-time she makes a mean comment, I brush it off. This is my first real relationship and I really like having a relationship so I don’t know what to do. Yesterday; we were playing uno with her best friend and her very first boyfriend texted her and she was texting him. That is the boyfriend she said she feels like she wronged because she broke up with him because she got bored. She admits that is the worst reason to break up with someone. I asked do I make her boring? She responded I don’t know. Her ex has a girlfriend he told her or so he claims. It’s not that I don’t trust her, it’s that I’m scared the more she talks to him, the less interested she becomes in me. She and him were flirting because she was reading her convo to me while I expressed I was jealous, and she was like see nothing problematic. And I was like there’s a bunch of problematic stuff. In addition, when we were all playing uno, and her ex asked wyd? She responded playing uno with my friends. When I confronted her why didn’t you say boyfriend? She said cause that’s weird. I don’t understand. I have been so so patient with her but there’s a certain point that you can be patient until you get fed up of that person and get tired. I don’t like being a simp because the same level of interest in this relationship is not being reciprocated. It’s really frustrating because I really want to be with her but her personality is mean and I wish she was nicer to me. But everytime I try and address this to her, it’s a small argument that gets started and I don’t like these arguments at all: I just want to be happy with her; and she can’t seem to be making up her mind on how she feels about me. The day we went on break, the day after she texted me saying; I miss you. Like a lot a lot. I really want you to be my boyfriend again rn. And then she went on snap and started sending snaps that kept saying I miss you I miss you. I didn’t respond on iMessage and responded on snap saying I miss you too. When I asked her why are you talking to him? She got defensive and said you shouldn’t be upset; we’re taking a break: and I was like I thought we were dating again. She responded you didn’t respond on iMessage on whether or not you wanted to be my boyfriend again. But I thought it was obvious since the night we did go on break, I was expressing so much I don’t want to go on break. Going on break means you are available, and I am scared. She responded to that by saying; who am I going to date? I’m literally interested in no one. And even if there was, it’s really hard for me to lose interest in someone. While we were on FaceTime the next night, she would go on pause every 20 seconds, and she was like oh he texted me. I got upset and I was like can you please not text him? She responded, you don’t want me to text tonight or ever? And I responded well I can’t stop you from texting someone forever but can you please not text him now? Mind you, it was around 12:30am so that is sus time. I just feel really confused. I want to be with her. I really like her, and she can be nice to me sometimes. I don’t want to ask her to change cause we’re always like we should like each other for us and shouldn’t change. She said to me I need to be more stringent when it comes to saying don’t text other guys. When I did become more strict, she instantly went into defensive mode. I know I shouldn’t worry because he has a girlfriend, but it just sucks that she’s starting to become bored in me. I don’t understand what is boring about being nice to a girl, respecting her? I guess I’m being a simp, and ok I am one. I would just really like advice and how to stop being a simp and what I should do in the situation, to make her be my girlfriend again. I know in this post, I made her seem like this heinous person. But she is actually a funny goofy person once you talk to her and her attitude is something that I’ve gotten used to, and only rarely does it irk me. Just please I would like some advice. Thank you.