my wife we have 2 kids.  we recently moved so that she can finish her college degree.  she has a bestfriend who still in college and she has a bf. me and my wife and her best friend are asian, her best friend bf is white.  ill get to that later.  my wife name is linda, her best friend is name karen and her bf is name jerry.  so everytime karen and jerry comes they would come when im at work, they would come and make remarks to my wife linda about how come we dont have any food or snacks, and they would eat our noodles and leave.   besides that they would say they want to come our kids but when jerry gets in the house he goes striaght to the kitchen, he even brough a plate of rice over one day and went looking for left overs.  so one day i didnt work, my wife didnt see that they called, so when my wife txt back saying she just woke up, they told us they were at our door already.    i told my wife to tell them we dnt like unexpected guess, at least let us know.    besides eating, jerry would facetime my wife, or call to come inside the apartment when im not there.  it happen once and i wasnt having it.  i told my wife never again if im not at home, its not that i dnt trust her, i dnt trust him and i only know him for 3 monthes.     so me and my wife got into alot of arguements about them coming over and just eating all out stuff.  im the only one working at the moment since my wife linda is full time in school.   i told her i cant provide for 2 more adult who dont want to take care of themselives.  even after theh eat they leave a mess, and open water bottles, my wife would make a remark about it and they dnt seem to get the clue or maybe they do but dont care.  im on my last straw where im about to say something.  i come home, having to buy more food, more drinks and snacks for my kids knowing they arent even going to get to eat it because these 2 are.  my wife said she doesnt want to be mean and say stuff since she doesnt want to break her and her best friend relationship and make it weird to hang out.   she said jerry is white so he doesnt know our asian culture and respectful manners and i told her idc if hes black, white, blue, yellow doesnt mean you get to come in my place and do what you like. there no white privilege  here. i told her i dnt need her answering his calls and facetime  since he shouldnt even be calling her  .  so my wife recently talk to her sister in law about it, and they think im overeacting about it and not letting my wife txt back is tooo much.  and im being controlling.    and that hes a good guy and im too insecure about it.   so im like cuz hes a good guy its fine to do whatever he likes? comes over lay on our sofa so no one can sit, shits and tells everyone  how good it is.  i told my wife its not i dnt trust you i dnt trust him.  but besides him and its them eating up our food and coming over for food and leaving.   my wife said told her sister in law she doesnt have the courage to tell them.  i told her if she dont then i am and i dnt care if its gona make it wierd.  my kids and my wife is who im providing for, im not providing  for them.  they can go work but they chose not to.  not my fault.  is there any way to say something  without them getting butthurt and messing up my wife relationship? should i even say something  or let my wife handle it? its been 5 monthes going on already