please help i know this is very long.This is how it begins.when she was 18 she left home moved with her boyfriend because i found out she was doing some drugs. when confronted her she blamed her boyfriend he blamed her and at the end she said it was hers. she left home early morning with us not knowing her friends picked her up to drop her off at boyfriends. Didnt yell at her or anything. So since then she ben on and off with her boyfriend she only comes when nobody wants to help her anymore... when one of her friends that helped her leave started to get her mom involved she would tell me she would help me out and then the mom and daughter would tell my daughter something else to cause more problems between us. When i told my daughter what they were doing she didnt believe me she was mad at me and she told her friend what i told her. which caused a argument with the mom, girl and i. She only started to believe me cause she ends up at about the same time finding out her boyfriend was cheating with that same friend.  so she finds out takes him back moves back in with him, and after that she gets mad cause my mom and sister told her i told them about the drugs ,but i was asking for advice cause i didnt know what to do. since i have a bad history with my mom (both she and sister drink alot) i know wrong persons for advice but i needed help didnt know who to talk to thought i could talk with them since i helped them so much i thought they give me advice now,well with that all three of them turned against me and started playing games and tricks on me when,i call them out they say they dont know what im talking about and that my daughter is doing nothing when i only found her pipe ,straw im guess for coke.so i stop talking to mom and sis. well back to he dumps her when he tired of her or he doesnt want to pay for her or if she not working or has no money as soon as we help her and she does better, she treats us bad and leaves back with him. she ben doing this all the way up to now 21 ,same oh treat us good when she need something throws us to the side when she gets what she wants and or he gets what he wants. he loves her when she has money,a car or when he see lifes going good for her . So its ben sometime she has ben gone. she called to tell me she left him but she was fine with him up until her car got totaled .so she decides to move with her friend thats works where she works. she comes every weekend offs being her old happy self...She then calls and says take her back cause her friends house stinks and she always broke spend most her money on im guess eating ,uber and paying people.so here we are, she also say cause she tired she just want to make things right,be able to get car , get on track and go back to school but she dont want to lose her job either. i told her dont worry about it use my car so u can get to work. (it had ben 1yr and few month we had relocated for the better) so she had ben doing long distance drive to work until she can find an opening here. my hubby tells me to get her a car so my car dont brake since its older. my gut said no i shouldnt but i ignored it.  i got her a brand new car something i never bought b4. when i bought the car i found out right when i signed the papers that she barley started talking to him again.hes started to come around agian. i tried to make it right with him to knowing why he was around......well i decided to talk to my mom again .she and sis was happy to see me  we left on a good note didnt know was going to see sis either .and now  all of a sudden i havent heard from mom so once again i found out my daughter had be lying to me. She was saying hasnt talk to my family that she cant stand them hates them and come to find out she ben talking to them all this time telling them every thing about me and once again it starts. comes to find out she came up with plans to get the car and go. so now she at his house and she saying things to make me the bad person in this all and im finally tired. should i take the car from her would i be wrong to do that. i hope i gave enough info cause there is more just alot i dont want to lose her as a daughter but at the end i lost her already and she never admitts to nothing im the bad guy in all this. i have always ben there for anything and everything even after she turns everybody against me. am i wrong please some advice and btw i dont think she ben doing drugs anymore that i know of.