Yesterday was my first day using Tinder and my date went well. She came by my apartment at 11pm and we ended up talking until 3am. We both made it clear on the phone before the date that we were open to making out, but I never found an opening, which is what I need help with. There were a few brief awkward moments when we couldn't think of what to talk about, but it was mostly in the first hour and seemed to get better as we connected more as the night went on about past relationships, ridiculous sex stories, and I felt good at the end because I'd made her laugh throughout the night and she was talking about all the possible things we could do next time we hung out. I feel like even though my mind goes blank quite a bit, that I'm a pretty good conversationalist once the ball is rolling and I definitely played that well last night. The problem is my body language and being able to think quickly on the spot or improvise is bad and so I just don't know how to make a move and actually haven't made a first move in at least 4 years even I've had 2 intimate relationships in that time. I can't even remember how to do it. At the end of the night I got up to open the door when she got up to leave and she said "don't do anything weird!" I'd already given up on that because if I don't do anything the first hour, I'm definitely waiting until the next date, and certainly not about to pull something while saying "goodbye" like a creep. Still, she was texting me all day the next day and we're hanging out again on Friday. How can I possibly learn to initiate something in the next few days? I felt like she really wanted to touch but wanted me to be the first, but I couldn't and another time before we said goodbye, we were standing up and she said something about "don't do anything/this is weird" because we were standing so close and looking at each other. But she's been asking intimate questions, flirting, and talking about being excited for the next date since then, so I know my awkward body language didn't ruin things. How can I get close and intimate with her within the first part of the date next time we meet?