I've been with my partner since June of 2017. And the past year we have been having issues. We currently live together and work together too. We have been having issues making each other happy and been very hot and cold the past month.. fighting and arguing and then being happy as well. But recently we had 2 big fights. Now we both have mental issues. I have ADD and Major depression disorder and she has PTSD and depression, so alot of that makes fighting alot harder than healthy adults but here is what happened. I was working and I started to feel a very tight chest feeling where I couldnt breathe. And I was panicking. It felt like I got kicked in the throat. So I was telling her I feel like I'm needing to go to the ER which I couldnt afford. And I was miserable. 2 hours later I'm still at work sitting down feeling like im going to die. And it's the end of the work day. She was getting tired of it I could tell cause I wasnt doing anything about it other than sitting there. But it was 6am and the hospital wasnt open so I wanted to wait till they open to save some money. But it was hard to deal with this. And i guess since i was not leaving when i should have she figured i might be over selling it or faking it. And when we were heading to clock out I was feeling really out of it and light headed and I fell down and she just stared at me. And didnt help me she just looked annoyed. Fast foward to the drive home and she told me "if you miraculously feel better by the time they open I'm assuming you've been faking this" which really hurt me. Then we get to the hospital cause my mom took us there since I couldnt drive. Come to find out I have air trapped in my mediastinum. Which causes severe pain in chest and thoat. Once she found that I wasnt faking she felt really bad and was there for me and I forgave her for that. Things were okay for the next day as she helped me and took care of me. But today I was feeling really depressed since I couldnt smoke or have anything in my lungs (daily marijuana smoker) and my anxiety was very high. She was having a bad day too cause I was feeling so down. And our dog was being very hard to deal with, barking alot and causing problems. So I was going to clean the house since she wasnt feeling up to it. And while I was cleaning I accidentally knocked her plant down. I tried to fix it and once she found out that happened she started freaking out saying I didnt even try and it caused me to have a breakdown saying all i was trying to do was help and I'm sorry it happened and our dog started freaking out and barking at me and then he started attacking me ripping my clothes and drawing blood and he was trying to bite my face and thoat. So I was screaming bloody murder cause I've never been attacked by him or any dog and the whole time shes trying to restrain him she is yelling at me to stop screaming but I was in pain and scared. He kept getting loose and biting me again and once she got him out of the bathroom she yelled "I HATE YOU" and it made me just freak out and try to leave. Saying I'm done with this I'm not going to be treated like that and she said she didnt mean it and was really apologetic. But I am really hurt by it and once we calmed down we both reluctantly agreed that we arent making each other happy anymore.. and now were in different rooms and just being so quiet it is so painful and idk what to do.. honestly just wishing I'm not even alive anymore.. not suicidal just really want to get the pain to go away. I'm so confused with everything I just want to be happy and I want her to be happy too. We have 3 more months till the lease is up. And we have to be here together and work together. Is there anyone that has advice or any words of encouragement..? Dont really have any friends to talk to and my family has too much going on already.. can't afford my therapist anymore.. I'm stuck in the room and scared to be around the dog. I just need help..