I need to vent and begging for advice. I’m (30F) and fiancé is (32M), we’ve been dating for 4 years and engaged for 2. We have a house, a beautiful step son, 2 dogs, and a cat ( just for some background information). Well around the time we got engaged it wasn’t the best relationship , we had our own problems but we really loved each other so it felt right. Ever since we got engaged I feel like we haven’t communicated well and to the point where we get into some bad fights. These fights tend to surround going back and forth about what we do wrong and what we don’t do at all. I have never been like this before in my life and I will say I do never initiate the blame, I primarily do so out of anger and frustration. I never let small things bother me. For example: Sunday morning he changed my headlights to my car (which I’m very thankful for and expressed that to him). Monday morning my keys are missing! I’m scrambling around the house with him for 20 minutes as I’m getting more anxious because I’m running really behind on my commute; I work an hour away. He is in constant denial that he misplaced the keys and I must have moved them because he 100% put them in this certain spot, so at this point we’re screaming at each other. He finds the keys in HIS TOOLBOX! I grab them and head out the door. Didn’t even get to pack a damn lunch so I had to door dash, which then I get yelled at because it was $20. Then I get home from my 12 hour shift and my 1 hour commute and he starts going off about something else; I was so upset that I couldn’t even tell you what it was about. But still no apology to the morning chaos so I went to bed. This evening turned into another fight because I didn’t wanna get off the computer and hang out with him at 9pm but mind you, he had been playing his computer game for about 5 hours and I had just logged on. So I got off at 10 because he kept pressing the issue, go to the room and he’s pissed off, won’t talk to me, I expressed my feelings about how I’ve felt the past day and he shuts that right down and says it’s old new and I need to get over it. Well now I’m kicked out of the bedroom and sleeping on the couch because my crying sniffles was keeping him up... I’m sorry this was so long but I couldn’t find any other way to describe