I (I’m a girl too) and my ex dated for three years. We fell in love very naturally and sweetly, but eventually we developed a lot of issues, I was very codependent and didn’t realize it, she fell out of love with me and rightly so I guess. We broke up last year in April and for a whole year we have been back and forth (and freakin side to side lol) but shes over the cycle and although it makes me sad to admit it, I think I am too. It just causes pain to both of us. As I mentioned I have been very codependent in the past, but I’m not trying to find myself again. A big theme when it came to our relationship was that I was constantly craving her love and when I look back now I was never really a good friend to her. Like. We were were in love, but I wasn’t there for her emotionally like I should have been, I didn’t have her back I didn’t take care of her like she took care of me in times of struggle. Now that we’ve been through this rollercoaster, she told me she wants to end the cycle, she says that it hurts her because she loves and adores me but she just wants to be my friend and I want more than that from her. I’m here to say, yes I do, in a perfect world I’d have her be with me and everything would be okay, but even for me it doesn’t feel the same anymore... I can’t deny the lack of romantic connection, it’s not the same and I think I’ve ignored it for a really long time. What I’m saying is, I want to do what I can do be her friend now. We both go through a lot in regards to our individual mental health, how do I be a friend to her? How can I support her? She deserves to be loved and care for without me having any sort of expectation. Unconditional love. I care so much about her, it’s selfish of me to continue to want a relationship from her when she’s made it clearly she just doesn’t want to/can’t give me that. Any advice on the best way to support her? To just be her friend. This is all very sad and it hurts more than I can ever express but I feel it in my heart that being a friend for her is the right thing to do.