I’ve been talking to this girl for a a couple months now and we really bond, we talk all day everyday and i really enjoy her presence. We aren’t dating though. These past 4 months have been really hard for me, i have had a bag drug problem. Yesterday marks my first week clean actually. For your information, i am only 16... but don’t get me wrong, i am smarter than you may think. I find this girl more mature than the rest of them, i’ve only been in one other relationship before and it was very very toxic and it went on for 3 years. It’s been about a year since we broke up. I haven’t felt the need to be with anyone, but me and this girl have been very interested in one another and have a lot of the same interests and been through similar struggles (drugs,  love, depression). I am a very spiritual person, and look up to God. I always follow what my gut tells me. But i have had this feeling that i need to cut a lot of people off from my life in order to stay sober and to refrain from any negative distractions. I told her i dont know if i can be with her simply because i’m starting to go insane from the drug use. Very bipolar and psychotic behavior.  I told her i wanted to spend time for myself and get my head straight and finally do something useful with my life and i feel like focusing on a girl would distract me from that. Also she does not believe in god and i feel like i would press a lot of things on her and i feel as if that may not be healthy. All i want to to do is be happy and positive. Except my behavior has been very weird lately. We argued last night until 2 am, it was the first time we ever argued and things haven’t been the same. I made her really upset, the tough spot is i have a hard time with whether it’s right for me or not. She cares for me so much and understands where i am coming from but at the same time i feel like she doesn’t. What are your opinions on this? Should i focus more on myself and follow with my gut and be productive as fuck? Or can i do both at the same time? Maybe i’m getting into my head too much by trying to cut everybody off. I would like to hear your opinions. Thanks you! ❤️