English is not my first language so I am really sorry for the mistakes. A bit of background: I’m currently in high school. My parents divorced when I’m 7 and I stayed with my dad since. He married again 5 years ago and up to now they have had 3 more kids. So ever since I was little my family has teach me that since the man is working to earn money it’s naturally for the woman to do all the chores and I believed that’s fair until just recently I realized that’s not it, households chores is a really tiring job too and both partners have to share them evenly. I just feel bad for my stepmom, she has silently endured the unfairness of my family. I tried to help her as much as I can, do all the chores I could and look after my younger siblings whenever I could, I really hope I can lessen her burden but it didn’t seems to work, she and my dad still constantly get in quarrels. My dad can’t seems to understand how hard her job is. I get that he was raised with that obsolete mindset too and if I can understand it then he can too but I don’t know how can I bring this up to my dad, he just seems like he refuses to step into my stepmom’s shoes. She has to leave her home to come live with complete strangers, has to pleased her parents in law, has to be the mom role for us and for her own kids, all when she’s still in her 20, she had to give up her youth to devote for family and all my family does is expecting her to be a good mom, to take care of the kids, to cook 3 meals a day, to do all the chores. And to worsen the situation whenever my dad see me doing chores or looking after the babies he yells at me for not being in my room and studying, he says that my only job is to study and go to a good college, he says he’ll take care of the kids but then he just left them with my stepmom to do his things. I feel like their marriage is on the edge and there’s nothing I can do about it. They need to sit down and talk things calmly through but I can’t find a way to make them do that. I feel like I need to do something but I really don’t know what to do.