My wife is 26. A few months ago, a good friend of mine called me and said he was having a get together with a few of the guys and to bring my wife too. I asked how many guys and he replied about 7. I asked my wife if she wanted to come and she excitedly said yes. My friend and my wife have met a few times and each time they meet they hit it off. The day of the party comes around and I see my wife all dressed up. She was wearing a backless pink top and a tight white mini skirt. She was not wearing a bra but had on a bright pink thong which could be seen through her skirt. I asked her if she was comfortable wearing this surrounded only by guys and she said she was. I told her to put on a white thong which would be less see through but she insisted that it was fine. We get to the party and she meets everyone there. My friend asked her to come sit between him and another guy and she did while I sat on a chair across from them. They immediately hit it off and pretended I wasn’t there. My friend rested his hand on her leg and kept it there and she didn’t seem to mind. After a while, one of the guys at the party asked me if I could help him with a beer run. I was hesitant to leave my wife there alone but she insisted it was fine. We were gone for about an hour as the guy made a couple of unnecessary stops along the way. It almost seemed like he was stalling. We finally got back to the party and I see my wife coming out of the bedroom with my friend and 2 other guys. Her hair was dishevelled and her body was glistening with small beads of sweat. She smiled and said “what took you so long. I was just getting a tour of the house.” At this, the guys all started laughing to each other and my wife joined in, as if it were some inside joke that I wasn’t part of. My mind went to a dark place and I asked my wife what happened. She said that absolutely nothing happened but I can’t stop thinking about it. Any opinions from you guys? Did she cheat on me? Why would she dress so provocatively? What happened in that bedroom? Am I just being insecure? Things have been fine between us but I just have this itch in the back of my head that I can’t seem to shake.