So there is this cute girl was trying to get my attention everytime I go to classes. We've only talked a few when she was in the same group as mine for a project. After that, she started to get nervous whenever she saw me and act differently. It was cute at that time. Almost everytime, she stares at me from distant beautifully. She smiles and gives that warm face multiple times. Even her friends tease her whenever I'm around and it's obvious that they're talking about me. So I developed a crush on her and decided to approach her. So whenever I try to approach and talk, she gets super nervous and uncomfortable. I tried my best to not make her feel creepy. I started to ask her some random questions at times and she's just so happy that I'm trying to approach. I could see that.  Things start to get uncomfortable for me when I realized she's not the person that I actually want a relationship with. There are reasons for this. Firstly, she is so dramatic that I can't stand. After talking to me, she just blushes and often runs like a princess. Maybe, she just gets excited. So I didn't bother that much. She doesn't even try to ask me any questions whenever I approached her. Fine. Maybe I have to calm down and see where it goes. She has a boy bestie btw. Here comes the part that I absolutely don't like. She gets angry whenever I don't give her attention in class. She keeps staring until I look at her. So I gave her the attention she wanted.But it is so uncomfortable for me because when sometimes that I don't care much on looking at her, she just stares like hell . She gets angry and tell her friends I'm not looking at her. Not only that, whenever I don't give her the stare, she tries to make me jealous by flirting with her boy bestie and male friends. That is awful for me .I thought it would be nice to approach a girl who is interested in me. Overall, I had this strange feeling, that I am alone in this thing. I felt like walking on a rope. Maybe because of the fact that I'm the one who really cares and she doesn't or I'm over thinking. I don't know honestly. It wasn't feeling positive at all. I always feel pressured in this.  It seemed like she didn't care about me. But, she wanted the attention from me. I could see that. Also, she never initiates contact. She always stands on my way so that I will initiate.She doesn't even face towards me when she is standing on my way. I have to initiate the conversation by calling her name and them she will face me. It also frustrates me that she doesn't even try to talk about some stuffs. Like, wht do you want from me? If you are interested, at least talk. I was curious on why was she acting as if she was  too in love with me at the beginning She's acting happy when I approach. That's it. I also realized that she's very happy telling her friends about the stuffs happening between us. My logic mind started to question whether if she's a girl or a woman. Because, she looked like she needs validation from the people around her about her relationship. Relationships are supposed to be personal and beautiful. She doesn't even try to be in the moment. I could feel that she was fake or something.   Since I've never really talked about anything serious to her, and also we're not even like normal friends, I decided to put a test. I sent her a message asking how's she doing. She replied with I'm fine. And then she sent " why ". I asked her if she was busy and she said no. She was going to eat. Then she asked whether I'm fine. I replied and asked her a question. She replied with a haha in the end. That's it.  She didn't even want to ask me anything even through messages. Now I started to realize my worth to her. I decided to stop giving her unnecessary stares and initiating a conversation with her. This is to see if  she at least cares about me. The next day, she waited for me on my way after the class, again, facing somewhere else. So, I ignored her. Didn't look at her at all and continued walking pass her. During another class after this, she stared at me cluelessly from far away. I still ignored her. From that moment, she stopped waiting on my way during classes. But, kept staring at me cluessly multiple times. I ignored her and didn't even look. And again after few days, she started to stand on my way again, but this time, she looked upset and worried as if we were in a relationship. I have no idea what she wants. I kept ignoring and eventually she got mad and started staring at me  angrily or sadly everytime during classes. She tried to get my attention by acting crazy, talking loud, acting close to her boy bestie and also wearing some revealing clothes. I was shocked because she is a Muslim girl who is preservative of her body. After looking at these same craps for almost 3 months,  I realized she doesn't even try to talk or ask me anything. Fxck it, I'm gonna mind my own business. She did all this attention seeking craps for about 1.5 years and I'm still counting. I started to incorporate new activities in my life. I started to go to the gym and have a decent body. I started to have meaningful conversation with people and girls started to talk to me in a more positive way. This things made her more angry I guess. Because,  she started to stare at me more and more and gets angry everytime I ignore. But I don't care. One day, I wanted to ask her boy bestie about an assignment.She was there sitting beside him. I completely ignores her and asked her bestie regrading the assignment and I went back to my place. The next day, surprisingly, she waited for me alone near the place where I put my bag. I was feeling annoyed by this behavior and ignored her.come on, it's been like more than a year. What does she want.  I realized certain people tend to feel numb by the small sacrifices and attention that you give them if you keep giving it to them without expecting anything. They tend to not appreciate them enough. But once you stopped doing  all those small things for them, they'll realise your worth and miss you. But, missing someone  and realizing our mistakes alone will not make you a human. Learning to give is a huge part in the formula. What are your opinions guys. I'll be open to your advices. Have a nice day....