I'm confused as hell. So I'm friends who mess around with a dude who's got loads in common with me. He was all I'm not looking for a relationship right now, and I was like fair enough he's honest. I'm a relationship type person who's not had the best luck with her love life(even though her instinct to be a relationship type person) so went ahead with it thinking what the hell, fuck it. Since we both wanted things to go on, we agreed to let things be the way they are and continued to mess around with each other. He's told me that he goes on dates with other girls from online dating sites and we're not exclusive. Which I've agreed to cause again I've thrown caution to the wind cause the traditional dating way isn't getting me ahead anyway lol. The thing is what I've always though of a fwb situation is that they they don't really care about who’re seeing. Once when we were messing around, my phone went off with a name of a dude who we both know(even though it wasn’t him but another friend of mine). We both agreed to keeping this arrangement to ourselves (his idea, I saw merit in it for myself) so I didn’t think that he’d care really. A week later when we were messing around he asked me about the call whether our mutual friend was the guy who was behind me. I told him it wasn’t him and he was like another guy is behind you? The next week when we were messing around again he asked me about who I’ve got in mind for an exclusive relationship and whether anyone from our common friend circle is hitting me up . When I told him I’m oblivious to these things, he made me tell him whether I thought anyone was flirting with me. Then there’s this thing where he gives me hickeys in places that are visible and not anywhere else that I’ve suggested to him. The last time we had a great time, and he explicitly messaged me later on how he enjoyed it and then doesn’t contact me for a week even tho we bump into each other. He’s taken care of me, behaved like a bf when we were a bit tipsy so I don’t really feel like I know where he’s head is at. He’s just giving me mixed signals and I felt the urge to post this here cause I wanted to hear that’s it’s not just me that perceives these things as mixed signals. Mind you we’re not actually going all the way. We’re just messing around but he doesn’t want to give this up even though he’s got options on online dating sites. Atleast by what he’s told me.  Mixed signals. Thoughts? He hasn’t initiated anything in the week after he messaged me saying it was great(which he hadn’t before) and all the exclusive relationship prospects inquisition. We’ve bumped into each other in the presence of mutual acquaintances where’s he’s behaved strangely or normal.  I texted him about a plan/gathering we were both at and he texted back but then didn't continue the conversation. Thoughts?