A little background context, my boyfriend and i have been together for 3 years. we recently moved in together and everything’s been going great up until 2 weeks ago. it started off with bickering, then arguing, and then it turned into a full blown fight. we’ve fought in the past but this time was different. i took his xbox, which resulted in him snatching my phone, which turned into man handling each other. i ended up crying and leaving. after 30 minutes i came back, to which he was on the couch not saying a word just sitting there. by this time it was about 11pm so i decided to close our bedroom door and lay down. he came back in, which resulted in more arguing, but i continued to try to put out the fire by telling him i love him and want things to be worked out. he was upset with how far things had gone and was refusing. we talked the next day to which he said he needed space from me. he needed to figure out how he feels. a few more days had past and he pushed even further saying he thinks he needs to be alone, and he can’t be in a relationship where we get physical when we argue. i completely understood and was more than willing to give him space, but ultimately i wanted him to work on us with me so we never get to that place. he refused. he’s been refusing and has even taken it to a place to say he doesn’t want to be in a relationship with me. this has been hard considering we’re stuck in a 1 bed lease for the next 11 months, i’m madly in love with him, and after 3 years how quickly he decided he wants to throw this away, has blind sided me. i’ve tried to reason with him, practically beg him to work through it considering we both fucked up but he just says he doesn’t know. i’ve spent the past 2 weeks crying, talking to everyone i can, even going as far as seeing a tarot reader because i’m not getting anything more from the conversation other than “we’ve already discussed this, we aren’t together i need space to figure out what i want”. this has been especially hard considering he’s being physically intimate with me almost every night since this happened. i’m confused, unsure if he’s using this excuse of “there’s a chance we could work out” to keep me on the back burner and have sex with labels knowing i love him, or if he truly loves me and just needs space for this to work. i’d think 2 weeks of spending all of his time alone besides cuddles while we sleep and sex would be enough to figure out what he wants and make a definite decision. what do i do.