So this is the long story short cause it wouldn't accept the long story: this girl i dated a few years ago, she was an exchange student. Things didnt work out but weve kept in touch this whole time. Recently we started calling again and talking alot, all the time, but during this isolation thing she told me she was having a shit time and it wasn't related to the corona virus shit but she wouldn't rell me. any ways i told her that if she changed her mind, i wasnt simping, but i would hear her out, she said she would tell me soon and that she really appreciated it but then hit me out of nowhere with (you know what im coming back to (my country) to stay soon. Its crazy but i want ti live there) and then she started talking all sweet to me for a few days. Then suddenly she did this thing that caused us to breakup. For no reason she started ignoring my messages for 2 whole days, not even opening them, and when she opened my snap asking if she was okay she ignored it. Then i just stopped talking to her and she eventually replied and i confronted her and asked if i did something and she said no i hadnt and that she had just forgot and she was sorry. She hardly talked to me since then until recently we called and itbwas going great but she got all tense and awkward and i asked her if she wanted to tell me what was up cause she would a few days earlier amd i guess i care about her still despite not liking her like that anymore. Bit she flat out said "nah" and it got real awkward and she made an excuse to go, havnt talked to her in 2 days. I know somethings going on with her. Why the switchup? Why she gone all sour on me, i havnt done anything different. This exact behaviour cause us to break up, and i later learnt she had a boyfriend back in germany while she was dating me. She ended up breaking up with him and fir the past few months shes been dating a guy she says she doesnt really know why shes dating him. I wanted to go into more detail but reddit wont let me. What yiu guys think?