I’m 16 and going into junior year, all throughout middle school me and a girl who’s also 16 were really good friends. We were pushed by all of our friends to start dating but never fully said we were. At the time I thought I was too young to know anything about love. Know I know I really like her and I’ve never felt this way about anyone else. Around 8th grade year where I would have been 13-14 I blocked her on everything and quit talking to her because I’d made knew friends that didn’t like her, she’s very nerdy and a lot smarter than me and I started hanging out with football players and wrestlers. I felt bad every time I saw her and she’d still try to do things to be with me. Eventually one day on the bus she tried sitting by me, so I sat by one of the people I’m not really friends with but talked to only at school, eventually she started trying to talk to me and I said “Hey you two would make a great couple!”. It was maybe the stupidest thing I’ve ever done, I’d told her before while we were talking to wait till freshman year when I’m more mature then I’ll ask you out, and she agreed. Through freshman and most of sophomore year we didn’t talk at all, her friends told me she kept tabs on me and would talk with all my friends about me. Her and the guy on the bus started dating near the end of freshman year. Around January of this year I somewhat rekindle our relationship, we met at state wrestling and talked the whole time. We’ve carried on a streak for one hundred days on Snapchat and besides this week we’ve talked nonstop almost everyday. I eventually told her my feelings over phone about a month and a half ago, she said it was very sweet and thanked me for saying that to her. We talk about it often we’ve both agreed we’ll just be friends for now and still talk. I still really like her and she’s the only person I feel I can share my emotions with or tell about my problems, she says the same about me. But she always talks about how she loves her boyfriend and they have all these plans of the future. Me and her boyfriend are okay friends, he boyfriend completely disapproves of us being friends and talking to each other and has on multiple occasions tried to stop her from talking to me. I really like her and feel she’s still has some feelings for me, but the past two or three weeks has really slowed down, her boyfriend got everything taken away and she relied on me in that week and then right when he got everything back they’ve been nonstop and she’s been completely uninterested in me. I feel I’ve ruined a lot of things by sharing my emotions with her and my friends telling her about me partying a lot. I don’t know where this relationship can go from her or what I should do. On multiple occasions she’s told me that if they broke up I’d be the first person she’d call, she tells me about their future often while mine is join the marines if I don’t get a scholarship. Where should I try and take the relationship? Does she still like me? I’ve promised myself I won’t try and make them break up but every time she mentions them as a couple I get really mad and have to do a few rounds on the punching bag. Is there even a chance? Should I just give up? I’ve thought about blocking her again and hoping my emotions just leave but I don’t know if that will work. What should I do?