Right, so I (M, 20) , was at a party in my little college town with friends and my sister who was visiting. I’m high and tired not feeling super into the party, but still trying to have fun with everyone. Girl I recognize from who knows where, sees me from the other side of the room and plows her way across to me. She’s drunk, coming on to me pretty aggressively, and starts pulling me around the crowd and introducing me to people; I’m getting a lot of attention now and I’m really not into this girl who is now stuck to me like gum to a shoe. Feeling uncomfortable and separated from my friends, I see a girl sitting on a table across the party whom I had never seen before but was immediately hypnotize by. She was an elegant sort of beautiful in a reserved way, but I could tell that a pretty face wasn’t what made her so beautiful. Her eyes sparkled magically, alluding to a shimmering ocean of sky blue soul hiding just behind (I’m hopeless). Now I know that I’m an attractive guy, but Im not a very social guy so I’m starting to feel a little anxious with all the attention I’m being drowned in. One of the girls Is now repeating how attractive she thinks I am, (turning red at this point) they’re asking me to run my fingers through my hair and telling me I should be a model. Another girl appears out of the crowd who explains that we have a class together before she cups my face and kisses me in front of everyone. Now I’m feeling dozens of eyes watching me and I have to get out. I’m trying to tell bubble gum girl that I’m really not interested but I can’t say clearly enough because she doesn’t get the message and continues to drag me around. This unfortunately goes on for a while, my trying to get away and then being pulled back by Bubble gum, who was by this point asking me to come with her back to her apartment. Meanwhile, while this is all going on, Ive been staring in wonder at Ocean eyes. She must’ve caught me because at some point I look up from the crowd again and she’s gazing right back into my eyes with the same entranced stare I had been giving her all night, like looking into a mirror. So we stare, fascinated by one another for the whole night, every time I look at her she holds my eye contact. I still can’t shake bubble gum so I make something up to get away and go talk to her. It’s loud but I make my way over and tell Ocean eyes how beautiful hers are but Bubble gum finds me again and highjacks the conversation (they’re friends). So there goes my chance to talk, party is ending so I find my friends who are waiting for my sister to leave the bathroom, I’m still trying to tell Bubble gum I’m not interested who still becomes disappointed when I tell her I’m leaving. She leaves me finally to wait with my friends, so I despise to get Ocean eyes’ number before I head out for the night. My sister gets out of the bathroom and we start to head out, I pulled off to go to where I had see the baby blues standing just a minute ago but she had gone. I ask around the next day before finally finding her social media, she followed me back and now I’m trying to decide what to say. I’m enchanted, and if I never get the chance to learn what those liquid blue eyes are hidden just beneath that magical sparkle..... well I don’t want to regret missing that chance. Please help idk what I’m doing!