She was a friend of my gfs for a long time but around the new year we started hanging out some.  My gf was ok with this and we did everything up front.  No lying about anything.  She initially wanted to hang out with someone as the house she normally stays at, her surrogate family pretty much, had the flu going around and she's got anxiety problems among medical problems.  Fine by me I'll be a plan B.  Turns out we have a lot in common and become fast friends.  She would often come over on weekdays to hang out at night.  My gf has to get up the earliest so she always goes to bed early in the night.  Our friend would usually stay a bit longer to chat or watch TV or just hang with me till later and we'd part ways.  It became the norm for her to stay late and hang out with me alone after my gf went to bed.  Now this may seem suspicious but there was honestly no funny business.  We end up getting on pretty heavy topics many nights (like depression and suicidal thoughts).  I do my best to provide insight into things and make sure she knows she isn't alone and I'd be happy to help with most anything.  For instance her car broke down and I happily paid out close to a grand to help her out.  She didn't have other options for it and I'm good with my finances.  She didn't need most of the money as it turned out anyway, just a couple hundred.  She had a flat one night and wasn't gonna be able to drive to work in the morning so I drove down to her house late at night and changed it out.  No problem.  And all of this my gf was fine with and has said she doesn't mind me having a relationship with her friend.  Well lockdown hit at some point and she was having pretty bad emotional problems.  Her family out of safety decided to lower their communication with her and not hug anymore.  She is very attached to his family and has had a bad past with her blood family so it hit her pretty hard.  So I've been an ear to listen to and she was basically the only person my gf and I had over for months.  We got real close.  I felt like she was a little sister and she said I was like a big brother to her.  I really enjoyed our nights together to just sit and chat about heavy stuff, or just watch TV or play a game.  We've been open about basically everything between each other and I always made it a point to ask if she was uncomfortable about anything and everything.  I didn't want to be another negative impact on her.  Recently she's been able to mostly patch up the problems with her family she had during lockdown and is finally done with this semester of college.  A lot of stress being taken away, she can finally relax.  But then one day she says that we shouldn't hang out together alone anymore.  She said she doesn't believe it's the right thing to do as a Christian and invite the possibility of sin and come between me and my gf.  Now my gf have openly talked about this kind of thing for months.  She was legitimately fine with us hanging out and trusted both of us completely (10 yr relationship with me and 7 yr relationship with her).  I've always felt like she was a little sister and wouldn't try to change that relationship.  I've been torn about this for days and don't want to lose my relationship with her completely but I don't want to just be in pain when we're hanging out in a group.  She won't back down on her stance even with every piece of logic I've tried to talk to her with.  My gf even yelled at her over text defending my relationship with her.  We've always discussed things completely freely and without any sort of weirdness in the air or any sort of pressure.  But this sudden change out of the blue and without any sort of a discussion about it is tearing me apart.  She said she's felt like this for months but her depression had clouded her judgement over our relationship.  I feel lied to and broken.  What type of little sister am I unable to hang out with alone.  I don't know what to do about this.