Synopsis, we've known each other years but we're never close. He's actually a close friend of my brothers. A few years ago I went through a separation and moved back home. We three ended up hanging out and I thought he was pretty cool. Added on social and never thought much about it. Around a year ago we were back in the same scenario and hooked up due to other influences. Went on a road trip and it was fun. That was it never thought much about it. We would randomly text one another, that was all. He was going through a tough breakup and we did become closer but it was very innocent. We both do struggle with alcoholism and liked to drink with one another. Everytime he'd get really flirty and my first response was always no. I'd give in though. It never turned into sex but just other things. We were always too drunk. Those things can be confusing. There lies the crux of the situation, crossing boundaries. We seemed to have a very genuine friendship and even hung out sober a few times and always had a good time. I did think there may be some feelings there and I was just honest. We are always very honest with one another. It was pretty simple, he made it clear he only cared about me as a friend and I made it clear there has to be boundaries. We didn't talk again for about a month or so. We reconnected again and it seemed great. We would do friend things and even include my daughter. Then we'd drink, there were even times when I was sober and it was him drinking. He would do it again. I let it go. Only he joked about something of my profession and I took it as criticism and it hurt my feelings. I knew I had over reacted. He knows my history and I did explain. Afterwards, when I realized it hurt my feelings I knew it made it worse due to being intimate. It's been close to a month now and we recently started communicating again. He started communication but it's just off and he's very curt and kind of cold. Should I leave it at that and not try or should I try to get my friend back? I really appreciated our friendship as I'm not close to many people. Maybe he doesn't care or it's just a loss cause in general.