So last year, this guy that I knew from high school but never really talked to messaged me and this was when I was still dating someone else. So naturally I ended the relationship, but then the new guy went through a really rough patch and wasnt ready to date yet even though he liked me. About a month later he said he would try again with this relationship and we were fine for awhile, but then it kinda went sour. He is bipolar, and would sometimes get mad at me for little things that weren't really an issue and then apologize for it all. Not long ago, I spent about two days with him and then went to dinner with his dad and stepmom and son. Afterwards, I wanted to go see a movie with an old friend who wanted to do something for his birthday that had been a week before. I dont get to see him often, and nothing would happen between me and this friend, which I told my boyfriend but he got angry anyway and it turned into a two day arguement from him and triggered a panic attack in me. He then apologized for all of this and now apparently we are fine again. He also struggles with alcoholism, and keeps promising me he wont drink anymore but does so anyway even though he has liver damage and it bothers me and he says it will be "fine" even though it usually ends up with him over drinking and getting upset. He is also terrible with money, such as he got a refund from his college and blew through about 1000, (the rest was spent on rent) in about a week. He doesn't make a whole lot at his job and has a son he takes care of every weekend. He wants to see me all the time but I just got a new job and need to also focus on my last semester in college so I've been trying to see him as much as I can but I also have my own life. He is very insecure and needy, and I'm afraid if I end the relationship that he will explode on me again and hurt himself or say that he will kill himself. I find myself missing my ex a lot, even though that relationship had its issues at least he never got angry or hurt my feelings like this new guy has done. I'm really not sure what to do, and it has been causing tremendous stress on me.