So I've (21F) been dating my boyfriend (22M) for a few months but we've known each other a while. We both quickly fell head over heels in love because we're so compatible and everything was always going so well -- literally everything we did (and do). It seemed so perfect -- we began talking about spending our lives together and it felt so right. We both came out of rough relationships and consequentially had very high standards that we both met for one another. At least I thought everything was going perfect until he opened up to me about his anxiety. I wasn't worried at all at first. With the intense feelings of love and care I have for him and that he has for me I felt we could deal with anything thrown at us. And I also deal with anxiety myself so I was always very understanding when he'd have his moments. However, more recently it's been made clear that most of his anxiety is specifically about me. Basically, he is about to graduate school in a few months (I'll be a year behind him) and since we've become so serious he is now being forced to make a big decision -- whether he'll stay in our city another year and wait for me to finish school or go to another state like he had always planned on doing. I've been very supportive and have been trying to let him figure it out on his own, only talking about it when he brings it up, but now he's basically found himself trying to question if I am worth changing his long-term plans for and that is taking a toll on me just knowing he's sitting around thinking about that. The worst part (to me) is that his brain will basically search for reasons not to be with me knowing full well he wants to. He'll randomly get mad about irrational things like people I had relationships with way before we were even friends (and I have no contact with) or my career choice. I always have to remind myself what he's going through and he never says those thing in a hurtful way but it still stings knowing he's making himself upset and questioning me for things I can't change. He's been seeing a therapist recently so hopefully that will help but I just wish there was something I could do to help ease him and remember how good we are for each other before he does something he'll regret. I should say, most days with him are wonderful and we are both so happy together, but it's just those random days that those thoughts are getting to him that it takes a toll on both of us. My biggest fear is that he'll let his anxiety take over and he'll leave me. Has anyone dealt with anything like this or have any ideas of what I can do?