First big post. I’m not sure where to go and I’m terrified. I love her, more than anyone in the world. We’re both bisexual and both have a lot of other options should this not work out, at least I think so based on who we are. She is amazing 99% of the time. We get along, we have fun, we do all the fun amazing relationship things I love to hear about. But over the last almost 4 years, she’s majorly cut herself 4 times. Twice once, the biggest time 5 times, and the latest time once over a wound from the 3rd time. I work in a field adjacent to medical so I’ve treated them close to immediately twice and also past that every other time. She tells me she doesn’t want to kill herself but ever other person in my life who have said that (3) have said that and eventually ended up killing themselves. I have no idea what to do or how to help her. She is one of the biggest parts of my word and we usually don’t have issues unless she’s drunk and gets upset, which has been the case each time she’s hurt herself. She’s recognized this and done way better at drinking than before. This time it was very unexpected. She ditched the group without saying anything to me (me, her dad, her mom) to go up front at a concert and when I expressed my insecurities, albeit poorly, to her about how she avoided some dude making out with her, she got incredibly upset. It became a huge argument where a ton of things got brought up that I could probably talk about more if I have some more time to process but I tried apologizing for projecting my insecurities into her about the situation. I did yell and that’s my fault but about 25 minutes after I calmed down and admitted to my issue, she told me she didn’t even remember me saying that later on. I want things to work and maybe I’m just exhausted and terrified so I’m sorry if this is spacy and weird. I just need advice and I’m in such a weird place. I even treated her wound after she cut herself without thought. This shouldn’t be okay right? She has reddit and might see this but honestly, maybe it’s for the best. Please be nice, I truly love her so much. She is capable of so many good things but when she gets a certain way drinking, there’s just no helping it.