So I’ve been pretty good friends with this girl for a 4 years. We’ve gotten really close these past two years and even closer this year. She says I’m one of the only guys at our school she can trust. I’ve liked her on and off and like a complete and total idiot have gone to her for relationship advice occasionally. She also has come to me for relationship advice on occasion She likes talking to me a lot. We’ve texted several time well into the morning hours and our calls no matter what time of day last between 1-3 hours. I have asked her to prom back in January and she literally was reduced to tears because I thought of her and she wasn’t gonna have to go with an underclassmen. (At my small school all the upperclassmen go to prom and if the numbers aren’t even they have to pull up underclassmen) Her parents talked to my parents at senior night for swim team and they said she talks about me 24/7 and how me asking her to prom with flowers meant the absolute world to her. I sometimes get the sense she likes me but at other times I don’t. Whenever we call, she always throws in “someone needs to wife me up” (referring to herself) She always tells me that I’m such a great and caring guy, that she loves me, that I’m attractive, that she feels safe with me and so on. In the recent past and recently she’s been super protective of me. Especially if a girls name comes up. (I didn’t even say I was interested in these girls) She always wants a hug when she sees me or some form of contact. She’s also mentioned in our calls/texts/interactions that she wants a boyfriend. However in talking in groups and with her personally she has tall standards (yes that’s a pun) she herself is a pretty tall girl at 5’9”-5’10” We’ve always been around the same height. (I’m currently 5’10”) She always talks about how she wants a tall guy and just out of curiosity I asked if that’s was a deal breaker and she hesitated and went back in forth and finally landed on yes it would be. I really like her and she is beautiful, but I don’t want to ruin the friendship. I’m struggling to determine wether I want to risk the friendship or if I am even good enough for her as I’m not that tall. Should I ask her out?