I (26m) and my sister (22) used to be close. We were raised in a conservative household, homeschooled, very Christian and all that, and we both became very jaded as time went on. I became a libertarian and agnostic, and she became a liberal atheist. We were different, but could talk still and have discussions. But in the last two years she has become increasingly more vitriolic with her opinions, and becomes cruel when I don't share them. She is vegan, which I respect, but I am not even close to vegan and this is a problem to her. If she catches me drinking a glass of milk, she will throw some snarky comment about it being full of puss and hormones at me. This is just an example of how she reacts, its sometimes teasing, sometimes loud and angry. Additionally, she doesn't care about my opinions or life really. When I see her, I ask about her day, how she is feeling, etc. She never initiates and never asks how I am. If we hang out, its because I asked and had to bend over backwards to fit into her schedule, but half the time she blows me off to go hang out with other people. A few months ago, I had a truly terrible day at work and came home to have a cry in my room. I screamed into my pillow just to get everything out, and she told my mom I'm holding the family emotionally hostage by behaving like that. So this weekend, after not seeing her for days, she appeared in the middle of a squabble between me and my brother, just to call us both retarded, I lost my temper and essentially told her to just leave me be, to keep her dumbass opinions and beliefs to herself, and that if she isn't going to be a sibling, she can just lose my number and stop being around me. I feel bad for snapping this way, it wasn't warranted in this moment, but I also feel very hurt and bitter about the way she has treated me for so long. I don't want to lose her, we have lost enough family already, but I can't keep being treated with scorn and cruelty all the time. Should I just write her off? Not even try to make amends? Would it be foolish of me to try and be close now?