So this is probably gonna be off the wall compared to the normal advice.(I've also known her for 7 years as my best friend before this and her husband for 12 years) (should also mention both of us deal with mental issues but we work well together with them I'm also the 26m)So 4 almost 5 months ago I entered a poly relationship with the f24. Intentions being to help me grow mentally help her grow mentally and help her husband with being a better person. It went great for about a month then I started learning more about their relationship and realized he was abusive and it was escelating. Got to the point where she wanted to get out and divorce him(he has demonstrated over and over controlled abuse behavior aka did bad shit, apologized then continued to do it. Also 100%exhibits manipulative, controlling, abusive, and psychopath mentality and has 0 understanding of mental issues) , at which point relationship turned to being just me and her when we were to leave. We made a plan. Got some money together and got a place about a month later. Went great after a week or so she left and went back to try and fix it (they have a son together, but they don't match on any level she went back to make it work for family reasons) after a day she said fuck that and came back. Came back for a couple weeks and then left again for a couple weeks for the same reason. Same thing went no this isn't going to work she was depressed constantly and all she wanted was to come back. She came back this past Friday weekend went great is having to go back to the house for a few days to watch the dogs as he is going on a business trip. Originally she was going to stay here after having to go over there for a few hours is now staying there overnight with him as he leaves early tomorrow. In the end this keeps throwing me through loops of not knowing what to do,what to feel what to say or anything. I've treaded carefully  because I love her an insane amount and from what she has told me as well. We are both what we have always wanted. But I'm lost and it's slowly tearing me apart. Can anyone help?