Hello I'm at a bit of a crossroads. I'm 21 and I have been with my girlfriend that i have very strong feelings for what has been two okay months. We talk almost every night on face-time but find it hard to make time to see each other. This is also coupled with our very aggravating communication methods. So our primary communication method is through snapchat where we can send pictures of each other back and fourth with text which helps me since i don't see her all that often. Whenever i talk about things she checks out of the conversation and just says nothing just sends blank pictures. I then try and change the subject so we can continue talking but ends the same as well or just get one word answers or nothing at all.I pride myself on having constant communication in a relationship so that we know whats wrong. I tried to talk to her the other day about problems in our relationship that i think we should address but she just kept laughing and calling me cute. Ignoring every single thing that i was telling her and taking me as a joke which pissed me off, but the minute i began to talk about how we met and how i feel about her she suddenly became interested. She swears up and down that shell never leave and isn't cheating but it just doesn't seem like she is in this as much as I am and its stressing me out. I'm ready to find someone to settle down with and build a foundation for the family i hope to have in a few years. This isn't new i told her I'm not trying to  party and piss away my life like she is used to. I have admitted when i was wrong in situations but she has a very i dont care attitude about things and does what she wants no matter how i feel about the situation. Prime example she posted a pic of her ex and expressed how she is sad he is leaving and i responded wtf. She says to me idc how you feel if i want to post him i will even tho he was abusive and broke her heart. Given how new we are into this relationship is it just best to call it quits or stick it out im getting too many red flags but i hate being alone but i feel im torturing myself just to not feel alone but making friends has been hard.