I feel like I fucked up any chance I had with this girl I really like. She really liked me and totally had a thing for me and we fucked around a bunch... but I came on too strong and when she said it wasn't going to work between us I got upset and angry and said somethings I probably shouldn't have because I was upset and lashed out and let my emotions and feelings get the best of me because I didn't wanna lose something so special to me.  And because I'd that she claims to have lost interest in me and my reaction was a turn off. Which I can understand. I felt really hurt took it out on her which I shouldn't have. Anyways...our current relationship as just friends is super confusing to me from time to time. She claims to have no feelings for me anymore but still acts interested. She teases me and gives me a hard time. Every time we hang out we always have a blast. Lots of laughs, she thinks I'm funny, she loves my company. Everytime we hang out and it gets to the point where something "might happen", she backs off and doesn't let it get to that point. She texts me a decent amount as of lately and wants to hangout quite frequently. Last night we drank and sang karaoke and had a fantastic time. She loves teasing me and giving me a hard time. Happened for most of the night. We also decided bake together every week for something to do during this covid stuff, and she acts interested when we do that and like she really enjoys it and loves spending time with me. Last week when we baked, she was proud of me for accomplishing something, forget what exactly it was, and she walked up to me with a smile on her face and said "good job!! " and put her hand on my shoulder and squeezed a couple times. Like idk what to think when I'm around her. She claims that I fucked it up for myself and her feelings are gone but at the same time how she acts around me has my brain saying otherwise.. She's so hard to read and I really wish I knew what was going on in that brain of hers. Says one thing but acts like she's still kinda into me. Confusing!!