Just a heads up this is going to be a long story so I apologize in advance for the book. Me and my gf met at work and started out as friends our relationship grew and we went to high school prom together and one thing led to another and we were together. We had the strongest relationship ever for the first few months and even after that we were and still are pretty strong. A first 2 or 3 months into our relationship she cheated... let me explain, we had a pregnancy scare and she was sort of mad at me for it she had every right to be. She went out with a guy friend of hers one night while I was working the overnight shift and just wanted to talk to him about what happens with herself and I. This guy wasn’t the best guy he only saw one thing in her nothing else. Long story short he kissed her when she was off guard. And she went into a panic attack, I tried calling her multiple times but she didn’t answer I had suspected this for a few days prior to the incident. She answered eventually she was in a panic attack I left work to go pick her up she told me everything the next day and I believed her and still do, of course my heart and trust was broken but I rebuilt it slowly. This is my first real relationship so I didn’t know how to take it but a lot of people were telling me to run for the hills but I didn’t want to because that’s all that happened and I believe she deserved a 2nd chance. A few months go by and she was talking to another guy she met at school in her freshman year she a sophomore in college at a different school now. I didn’t know much about him and whenever I asked she got angry so of course I thought she was cheating because of what had just happened. They stopped talking after a few months and I accused her of it and she denied it showed me texts of him saying to her he had feelings, she said she had a big and he backed off and never came back around. Another few months go bye and she’s talking to another guy she met at work, after those 2 incidents I didn’t trust her too much at all, this time she told him right away she had a bf he had no problem said he wanted to be friends they never hung out in person aside from work. Only texted, he admitted he had feelings and she became furious with him because she told him she had a bf and cut him off for a while. A few days ago she went out somewhere and when I called her she didn’t tell me where she was going she said “out” so I asked with who? I didn’t care just wanted to know. She didn’t answer the question (she’s a bad liar), I called her best friend to ask who had no idea about anything, they both had plans that night so she asked her “hey are we going out to this place?” My gf told her she was out getting my anniversary gift which turned out to be true. And my gf later said that I didn’t trust her and that I called her best friend which was out of hand. I know I’m an asshole for doing so because I’ve done it before and have gone through her text with other people and I always turned out to be wrong she never cheated on me besides the 1st time something in me just told me to call. We took a break for about 2 or 3 days and it was hard for me because I didn’t text or call her. And I just feel like it was fear or something I was holding on to but I feel like I’ve let it go and I can trust her but she doesn’t believe me and I don’t know how to prove it. I really dont want to break up and she’s said the same thing. We’re talking everyday again and doing everything a couple does except kiss because I work in a hospital and the COVID-19 outbreak. I want her to be able to have a guy friend without me having trust issues. I know there’s a way I can fix this I just don’t know how to. I’m sorry for the book please help. Also I’m on mobile so I apologize. If you need any context or for me to clear something up please let me know. Thank you all.