About 3 years ago i was in a short relationship with a guy we'll call Matt. Matt was extremely attractive and by far the most attractive guy ive ever been with. My relationship with him started out as friends with benifits  because he was a player and every girl wanted to be with him. It turned into something more eventually and he would start to act coupley with me in front of his friends which was way out of his character. in private he would tell me how much i meant to him and how he felt like he could tell me things he never told anyone and it made me fall for him pretty hard. But Matt was also a terrible drug addict with a crazy high tolerance and would do multiple drugs at once and send me snapchats of him freaking out on drugs begging me to make it stop and it would terrify me but also made me want to "fix" him. our relationship ended when his drunk friend kissed me and he was incredibly mad at me even though he was sleeping with other girls behind my back. After a couple days he came crawling back apologizing and missing me and i went back to him. But after a while he went on a drug bender and disappeared for months. Over the next couple years i spoke to him a few times and once thought we were getting back together just for him to disappear again. But now present time he's sober and has a gf which is the only other girl other than me he's posted about. And im genuinley happy for him. Im in a relationship with a guy we'll call Kevin for over a year and i couldnt ask for a better boyfriend. But over the course of me and Kevin's relationships i frequently have dreams about Matt and i think about him alot. And sometimes I'll be thinking of Matt and he'll text me which spooks me severley. The last thing he text me was incredibly weird and confirmed to me he thinks about me alot too. Last night i had a dream about matt where we acted coupley and he was being rude with other people i would pull him to the side and calm him down and hug and kiss him but towards the end of the dream i noticed a hickey on his neck that wasnt from me and i was hurt but didnt really make a big deal about it. I dont know why he's constantly in my head when im head over heals in love with Kevin and if Matt wanted to get back together or sleep with me I'd 100% say no. Kevin is an amazing guy and the love of my life and i cant imagine being with anyone else but im riddled with guilt because i know that Kevin dosent think about anyone but me. I cant stop these thoughts or dreams i dont know why theyre happening. Am i a piece of shit for having these thoughts and dreams? What the fuck is wrong with me????