My roommate and I have been living together for the past year. Before then, we were good friends and (sort of) still are. Things started to change in the beginning of the year when she suddenly became neurotic and started nitpicking everything I did and started accusing me of being overly messy and contributing to her stress. I tried to keep everything clean and in order. I have anxiety and she aggravated it with her nitpicking. At the beginning of the month, she asked me to move out just like that without notice because she felt that I wasn't changing. I was mad and some words were exchanged. I decided to find myself a place I could afford and just get out even though the financial burden would leave me practically ruined. I live paycheck to paycheck. She changed her mind and asked me to stay because she didn't want to destroy our friendship. But she requested that I find a place to stay for the week of 8th march because she wanted to spend time with her boyfriend before he left the country (he is foreign). Corona happened and he couldn't go home because his country closed borders. At first, it was until 18th and then it became the entire month. I pleaded with her to find a different place for them to stay so that I wouldn't be stranded all month or at least for him to get an airbnb so that I could come back home. She insisted it wouldn't be convenient for her because of work and that it's easier for me because I work from home. She gave me back 3 weeks rent and proceeded to oust me, just like that. I could afford to move in the middle of the month even with the refund. I have been crashing with a cousin and have already found an apartment which I move into next month. My stress and anxiety levels have been at an alltime high and try as I might not to, I blame my roommate. I haven't talked to her since I went to get my stuff and she hasn't reached out either. Our friendship was important to me but currently, I feel like she has been really inconsiderate, not just as a friend but also a roommate. She rented the apartment so it's in her name and so I had no legal rights but I paid my share of rent and bills and picked after myself. Some of our mutual friends told me I was being irrational by not conceding. Am I really irrational? Should I just take what happened lying down and move on? Am not really the "talk about your feelings" kind of girl but she is and that's how we salvaged the situation in the beginning of the month. Any advice for what to do next?