I (F22) have been with my boyfriend (M21) for about 4 years now. Things moved pretty quick between us, he took me into his home with his parents because my living situation with my fam was rough. I was hesitant to move in but it happened. Things we’re good the first year but the second year we went down hill fast. I ended up losing my job, my car, and to top it all of he cheated on me. I basically hit rock bottom. We came to an agreement that I would stay long enough to save some money and move out on my own. Eventually he said he fucked up and my stupid ass took him back. Things weren’t the same anymore tho. He completely lost my trust and that really put a damper on our relationship which made us bicker even more. Now every time we fight he always says he’s not in the right head space to be in a relationship and maybe we should end it. I’ve agreed to what he says not because I want to end it but because I can’t force him to be with me. If that’s what he wants then that’s that. But then he comes back to me telling me not to go. This went on and off for quite some time and it was really an emotional rollercoaster for me trying to detach myself from him while I still loved him and him telling me he wants me to go but then again stay. I hate it cause it makes me feel like he can just throw me away whenever he wants. Our most recent fight was in November when we broke up and he went to rolling loud with his friends. I didn’t go home at all and was just getting drunk with my friends cause I was so angry and sad. Point is we agreed to break up for good and I knew we had to tell his parents and they were going to ask us why. They did exactly that and we didn’t know what to say. We said we would try it again and try to come to conclusions instead of brushing it under then rug but yesterday we fought again because he went out and let me know where he was going but if I do that all he’ll breaks lose. I tried talking but it ended up going left and we paid no attention to each other. This morning I ask him if we’re okay and he responds “what do you think”. That clearly told me something was up. He told me he feels annoyed, upset and angry but doesn’t know why and he feels it constantly. It makes me feel so shitty like if it’s my fault. I’m tired of feeling like I’m nothing. I’m always scared of telling him how I feel because it might lead to a fight and he’s gonna fold on me like he has before. Not once have I told him we should break up because of a fight no matter what I’m feeling. I’m so annoyed that I do everything for him and he says he’s so stressed. IM STRESSED. Anyways I haven’t talked to him about this yet, we’re waiting till we get home to talk in person. This can go either way but idk if I should put up with it anymore. ):