I’ve known- (kinda) this dude for a year. We’re classmates. And last year we met on a school trip. Last year we even saw each other during school, he’d walk me to the bus and compliment my hair. Small conversations, really. And we’d always happen to make eye contact in public(hallways etc) and yeah. I’m a really shy person, very awkward, and small convos (any convos really)  are hard for me. We have a class together, this year. And he’d always stare at me and there were times I would make eye contact with him, but he would never look away. Even through my peripherals I would see him just stand and look my way(maybe?). Anyways, It’s our last class of the day, and one time I stood up and happened to look his way and he stood up, rose his eyebrows and looked like he was about to approach me (he didn’t). There were times we would have conversations but it would be small ones. “How’s your day?”, “Did you get into *club/sport*?”, “can you pass that paper up front?”. It would be school related conversations or small compliments, jokes  etc. I’m a oblivious person and tend to zone out (clumsy as well). There was a time whereas I was given a task by the teacher and messed it up, I made a comment seemingly surprised I messed up, and he laughed. I also made another comment being oblivious as I am  and he laughed even though I was trying not to be funny, he even mad eye contact with me and smiled&amp; winked. One day, I noticed he was a little drowsy, sleepy. He fell asleep in class and his friend made a joke saying “oh, you must have been dreaming about *insert my classmate’s name here*”, and he replied as “shut up” in a tired nonchalant way. Now, he’s the type to be overly friendly with anyone, even friendly to girls seems like so. He’s also sarcastic, I made a paper ball in the trash can, super excited and exclaimed “yay I made it” and he clapped and drawled out “oh good job” it felt a bit mean. Btw, he’s Arab(haram to date before marriage) . Help? Does he like me or not? Advice? What should I do?