For context, I [F30]  grew up in a very loving, non confrontational family, that, admittedly, often shied away from issues rather than face them head on. So, I am not as in touch with my emotions as I think I should be and I’m certainly not great at expressing my feelings. My boyfriend [M31], on the other hand, grew up in a loud, confrontational, in your face kind of family. I LOVE that my boyfriend is very in touch with his emotions and he’s great at articulating those feelings, he’s always giving me compliments and telling me how much he loves me and he always puts our relationship above all things. These are all things that are very important to me in a relationship. BUT I’m struggling with loving all parts of his personality. He is confrontational, domineering, arrogant (which he believes is confidence). I have always seen these traits as negative. I’ve always found them so unattractive in others and did my best to keep my distance. Now I’ve found myself in a relationship with someone like this bc, well, I was just getting out of another relationship with someone so out of touch with his feelings and could not express how he felt about me in a way that I could feel it. When I met my current partner, I felt so drawn to him because he willingly and openly tells me how he feels about me. He gives me the amount of attention and compliments that make me feel loved. He shows that he cares about me and our relationship. BUT I’m having a hard time deciding if I want to stay with him. He’s an amazing partner. Cares deeply for me and will always put our relationship first, and has been patient while I learn to navigate my own feelings and express them. He seems like such a rare breed in this aspect, but I’m having a hard time loving all of him bc I can’t see past these traits that are just so at odds with what I’ve traditionally wanted in my life. It’s not fair to him that I don’t give him all the love that he so deserves and always gives me. Any advice or words of wisdom? Is it possible to learn to love these things about him that I don’t like? Do emotionally in-touch AND laid back men exist? Should I try to find that or appreciate what I have in my current partner even if his personality rubs me the wrong way?