Okay, I feel like I may be crucified for what I am asking, but I sincerely need advice. I have been with my gf for 3 years and for a while, it seemed like she was going to be the one, but after a while, things sort of just fizzled out. We both stopped 'trying' in the sense that neither of us planned date nights, we ended up always staying home, we never did anything other than enjoying each other's company. Basically after 3 years, we've become what feels like best friends. And I've tried communicating this many times over the past year and trying to spice things up, but with little to no reciprocation of effort. I'm not saying she doesn't care about the relationship, she had become so comfortable, she didn't feel we had to go on dates or do spontaneous things in order to be happy. Long story short, I feel absolutely terrible, but I made out with another girl in a moment of weakness. I've already come clean and she's said she forgives me, but she's taken it very hard. I feel as though she no longer trusts me and now it feels like anything I do she gets upset. Recently during this quarantine, a lot of people have tried reconnecting with me, for instance an old ex from 5 years ago and a girl I had me toff tinder 6 years ago, but a person whom I've kept in touch with via snapchat over the years. My girlfriend doesn't like this and I understand why, but I genuinely just want to make friends and maintain friendships with people and even if they are of the opposite sex, I don't think it's a bad thing to be friends with people I've known for years. While I haven't hung out with these people in years, they've reached out to me first and it seems they genuinely want to be my friend and I want to be theirs and I feel I should be allowed to talk to people I want to without my girlfriend tripping out. I've really tried hard to make up for the bad thing I did and I promised her I wouldn't ever cheat on her again, but when it comes to new people in my life such as the ones mentioned, she assumes the worst and is thinking she doesn't want to be with me if I'd rather be friends with people I've had romantic feelings for in the past. Am I being unreasonable?