My boyfriend and I have been together for about two years, and have lived together for a year and a half. We’ve had a solid relationship until earlier this year. I wouldn’t say I’m the jealous type of person, or the snooping type of person, but I noticed he was texting a lot to another girl. He flirted to her and her friend, and confessed to her through text about a girl he got “physical” with at work. After confronting him about this a few months ago, we moved on like nothing. I should mention though that our sex life fell apart, not because of what he did but necessarily but because of other reasons/things too going on in my life, a month ago I lost my grandmother and I’ve been going through a lot because of it. I found a secret twitter account he created that he used to retweet hentai. I was a little upset by it and let him know that I was uncomfortable that he had a separate twitter account just for anime porn. I forgot about it until yesterday when I noticed he still has the secret account. I go through the posts and it’s active, like 5 or more posts a day. But it’s not hentai, it’s just random twitter girls that are naked. It hurt me so much that he distanced himself from me in real life and was active on this account, following and retweeting hundreds of girls and their nudes all day. Is it normal for guys in relationships to be next to obsessed with other girls? After I saw this I felt awful and sick, and we had a long talk about it. He deleted the account and says he wants to change for me so he doesn’t lose what we have. But I can’t look at him without feeling hurt, and disgusted in myself. I don’t trust him at all. To me it’s clear that I don’t have anything that he wants if what he wants is for me to be like the one of the girls he’s so invested in. I’ve tried so hard in this relationship before and I’ve never been anything but faithful and dedicated, but this is almost too much. It’s a deal breaker for me but we have so much together, and we just got a cat. Any advice reddit? Or just why I’m not enough?