We have been dating for 9 months now and the relationship was good at first but since the beginning of the year, it hasn't been good at all. I just don't find any happiness within the relationship anymore. She does so many things that lowkey piss me off. I can't stand to hang out with her anymore and can barely have a conversation with her anymore. She is always complaining about her friends or something else and I have to sit there and listen to her and give her my full attention and yet when I have to say something whether it is about something else or her topic she doesn't listen. I feel like I am talking to a wall when I try talking and I have called her out on it before and she doesn't comprehend what I say to her. Like I told her to go to a college that was good for her degree that she got accepted to and she said all of her friends and family are telling her "No because it is too far." I tell her they shouldn't matter if this an actual career you want to go for and she just shrugs her shoulders and says yeah. Then a week later the same friend that told her not to go will tell her that she should go if it is her true passion and my girlfriend will text me that her friend is so sweet for telling her that. And it just makes me feel like she doesn't listen to me at all. Also, she is the type of person to buy you gifts but not have a conversation. I would rather talk to someone and just hang out with them than them buying me gifts and she goes all out on buying me gifts when I tell her not to. And I think she does it because she thinks that is what you are supposed to do in a relationship like she thinks you can buy someone affection but I don't want that and I tell her and she doesn't listen. Also, the sex isn't good either for me at least. She wants to do it constantly and I don't mind but I don't always want to do when her parents/siblings are in the next room or even sometimes outside the door and I tell her to "stop" and she just says no keeping going and I find this super unattractive and I just not happy in this relationship. I want to break up with her but I don't know how to do it without being a mean person. This is my first serious relationship and my biggest concern is that when she cries. I know she is going to cry and then I feel like a mean person and then she going to tell her friends and family and they are going to think I am a mean person. Should I just tell her that I feel like I am not getting treated right and that I think we should take a break/break-up?