Before you judge, please listen to what I have to say first. I(19f) am a sophomore in college and my boyfriend(22m) is a senior about to graduate. I have big plans for my future I love talking about what I want to do for my career, my plans to get there and etc. I intend on going to grad school somewhere on the East coast (we live in the Midwest). He has family here and I have family there. I don’t mind traveling for work and moving around wherever my job takes me. My boyfriend and I have a wonderful relationship. Our humor matches so well, our families like each other, and we both see a future together. Problem is, I’m starting to see problems. He would rather stay in the Midwest (close to his family) his job searching right now consists of “hr jobs near me, “marketing jobs near me.” He has had trouble getting jobs for a while but he has never considered maybe going to grad school or getting a internship during college to prepare himself for the workplace. He has really no career aspirations because he doesn’t know what he wants to do. That scares tf out of me. I am  someone who needs a plan and always has a plan. I’m also afraid that what if I find a great career now but 10, 20 years down the line, I can no longer move up the ladder because I’m not educated enough. I explain these things to my boyfriend but he gets stressed and doesn’t want to talk about it. My previous relationship ended because of major differences the main one being he was so unmotivated and so content with doing the bare minimum. I thought my current relationship would be different but I’m scared it’s not. AITA for wanting to break up with my boyfriend before I waste anymore of our time? I also have to mention that money does matter to the both of us. We both would love to travel but if the most hes ever going to make is 50,000 while my career I’m hoping to have is around 100,000. That just isn’t going to work for me. It dont mind making more but he’s not even trying. I just wish he was more motivated to be successful like I am. AITA for thinking these things? I don’t think that’s true. Another side to this story. My dad is a deadbeat dad. Both my parents are immigrants my dad only has an 8th grade education and my mom decided to go to college at 28 while pregnant with me. Everyone was against my mom for going to college but she’s making more than everyone in my extended family. My dad is a stay at home dad when my brother and I are both capable of taking care of ourselves. He was looking for a job but gave up. I’ve asked my mom if dad was always like this and she said no. She thought he was hard working and was going to keep hustling but she did see red flags that are understood now. I guess I just don’t want to be like my mom but I also don’t want to throw away what may seem to be a great future with a man I love all based on some red flags. We’ve been dating for almost 2 years (I’m turning 20 so lol not illegal)