First time poster here, sorry this will be lengthy... Almost 4 months ago my (m32) wife (f25) told me she wasn't sure if she still loved me, and didn't know if she wanted to keep being married to me. Since then, every day things have gotten worse. We tried marriage counseling, but the counselor was an older lady who has been divorced for 50 years and I feel really identified with my wife, and only made things worse with every session. I feel like she was pushing my wife to just end things and never once said or did anything to help us to reconcile with one another. We have been together for 6 years, and married for 2. About 1.5 years ago our jobs(military) made us live 160 miles apart, both in high stress jobs with little to no time off to see each other. I honestly thought we were handling things great and that our relationship was near perfect. Apparently I was wrong. Furthermore, she's made a lot of new (all single) friends, and now spends most of her time hanging out, drinking, and partying with them. She has always refused any scenario where I am able to even meet her friends, much less be able to hang out with the group, like we always did in the past with other friends. She swears up and down that she is not cheating and I've been nothing but the perfect husband, and there is zero evidence she is actually cheating(even though every sign points to it), but I can't help but think she is. I'm struggling very bad with trying to accept a world without her, or even being able to believe this is all happening. I don't know what to do, and I just want my life, and my wife back. She wants space and distance, but even she has admitted that the distance was the catalyst in all this, and I don't understand how adding more of the problem to the problem can help solve the problem. Someone please help me, because I am completely lost. Also, before anyone asks, I am NOT controlling. Her independence is one of the things I love most about her. I said one thing one time right before this all started about how when she went out, I wish she had told me she had gotten home safe, because I didn't hear from her for almost an entire day. My bad, I guess.