My bf was sexually assaulted by his brother as a child and it has affected him and many areas of his life. He has ptsd, multiple personality disorder, and paranoia as a result of his childhood trauma. He has intense trust issues and abandonment issues as well. Due to his trust issues he does not want me to have guys on snapchat which I’m fine with because I don’t use it much. However, he has several girls on his snapchat which I do not think is fair because its a double standard. He also does not like when i wear revealing clothes because he does not want men to look at me. My style consists of crop tops, i think they’re cute and they’re flattering. I don’t know how to reassure him that regardless of what I wear i will not entertain another man. He also does not let me have guy friends aside from one gay friend I’ve known since i was a kid. He says he trusts me but not other men. My friends have a few guy friends and it makes me sad that I have to skip out on plans of there is a guy there. At one point my bf did not want me to hang out with my friends at all because he doesn’t think they’re important but I fought him on that and he gave in to letting me see my girl friends. When im with my friends i have to text him back quick and he constantly calls to make sure im not doing anything wrong. He does not like that i follow a couple guy friends that i knew before him on instagram so he follows models to make me feel insecure and so i can get a taste of how i make him feel when i follow guys. He used to go through my phone without my permission all the time. I love socializing and going to clubs and bars but he does not let me because he doesn’t want me around a bunch of men. I asked him to come with me but he doesn’t like clubs. Whenever I have a lot of hw to do and can’t see him, he yells at me and threatens to break up with me if I don’t come over. He does this because of his fear of abandonment. I try to reassure him the best that I can but I feel like i have no sense of freedom as a result of his trauma. I hate feeling like I’m being insensitive when i wear certain clothes or follow guy friends on social media. What’s the best way to be a supportive gf when your bf has a lot of trauma?