So I’ve been friends with this girl, who I’ll call S, for the past 8 months after I met her at my past job. We have gotten extremely close over these past few months and are extremely good friends. Before I realized it I was deeply in love with her. She is all I think about 24/7 and all my actions relate to her in some way. I always think about how my actions will affect my relationship with her. If I get a job i’ll have less time to hang out with her but if I remain unemployed I won’t have money to buy her dinner or gas or art supplies like I occasionally do. Stuff like that. I also have been listening to music she likes and that I wouldn’t normally listen to. She has also made me playlists to help me sleep and relax and I listen to those 24/7 and they bring me so much comfort. I constantly look forward to her texting me or responding to my texts to the point of where the only thing I’m doing is distracting myself until she texts me and we hopefully make plans. I love hanging out with S so much and like I said I developed feelings for her. I don’t think I realized I liked her until recently but the feelings have always been there I think. So today I told her how I felt because it just seemed like the right thing to do and she said that she was flattered and already suspected it. Everyone thought we were dating that’s how much we hung out together. But she was really respectful and understanding of my feelings. I told her about everything and she said that was really sweet and that I’m a good guy and everything. But she said she is not ready for a relationship right now (which I respect and understand) and might not be for a while but didn’t upright tell me I had no chance. She also said I would not want to date her because she would make a horrible GF. I told her I disagree with that and she said that I don’t fully know her which is true but I think it’s worth the risk. So I don’t know if she was just trying to be respectful of my feelings since we are good friends or if she genuinely isn’t ready to be in a relationship rn and if I should wait until she is ready. She talks about other guys she wants to uh “sleep” with and says she says that cause she isn’t ready for a commitment yet and feels awful for telling me the things about other dudes but she is not a hoe. She doesn’t actually sleep with all the guys she only talks about it. So I just don’t know what to do cause I really love this girl and cherish our friendship. I don’t want to ruin our friendship but I just don’t know if she does like me back or not. So idk if I should just wait until the right time or try to move on from her as difficult and time consuming as that may be.