Sorry but this might be a long post. I’m 19 years old and I’m being pushed out of my mothers life by her new baby daddy. So my mother was a drug addict when I was between the ages of 11-16 and she abandoned me when I was 13, I lived between homes since I never knew my biological father. When I turned 16 she moved two hours away with this man (her current baby daddy) and started a new family with him. Now fast forward to today. It’s 2020 and I’m 19 years old and I live with my Dad who adopted me when I was 13. For the past couple of years I would go spend a week or two with my mother because I still want to be a part of her life. But every time I do go visit her and my baby siblings her new baby daddy is really rude towards me. And this isn’t the first time. The first two times he screamed in my face telling me I’m a disgrace and just expressed his hatred towards me . Both times it got so bad my mother had to drive me the two hour ride back home at around midnight. This time it was worse. I’ve been here a week and last night he did it again. This time he told me I’m not not welcome in their house, and that I’m the reason their relationship is going to shit, and I’m never going to be anything in life. He said that their life was perfect before I came into it and that I don’t belong in their family. I recorded the entire thing and my mom was right beside me defending me the entire time but literally 30 minutes later , she was in their bedroom with him laughing and talking to him like the bashing of her daughters feelings don’t matter. It has been like this for years and that’s why I don’t come around her often but every time I want to see my mom I give her baby daddy the benefit of the doubt thinking he won’t be as jealous of mine and my mothers relationship anymore. I joined the AirForce and I leave in 32 days for basic training, all I wanted was to spend a little bit of time with my mom before I start my new life. What do I do? I’m thinking I’m going to give him what he wants and just step back from trying to be apart of their new family. I just wish she was still my mom too.