Right before isolation and everything i started dating someone and things were so great. It was so refreshing to finally have something go well in my love life and we really hit it off. All of the sudden we had to become long distance with very little foundation below our relationship but we wanted it to work so bad that we decided to keep things going. It was hard at first but then we hit our sweet spot and things were good but then i started to feel they werent growing and increasingly i was starting to feel less and less content and maybe fulfilled with our relationship. It was a mixture of his own ability to communicate for which he is self aware but also my lack of experience in managing not only a relationship but a long distance one and not knowing how to start those necessary conversations i guess or helping to pull things along with him. Anyways all of has been building and of course in between there have been sparks of greatness that remind me why i wanted things to work between us and recently we had one and i realized how us as a couple were starting tl have an identity in someway. However in the midst of this great moment i had not realized until after i hung up the phone i was extremely upset by some of things he had said. He made a not blatantly offensive but still totally inappropriate comment about my family (which he has never met). He said something that was also not politically correct about the gay community for which many of my friends and some family members are gay so that rubbed me the wrong way. And then finally when we started talking ablut this all ending and not being in isolation ( we are in school near each other so when this over i would be nearer to him) he said that he didnt want to go back to school , which is a valid opinion if you dont like your school of course and its not my experience, but then i said at least i would be back there so it would be easier and at that point he didn’t acknowledge that benefit. Granted we havent been together long and i was meaning to be presumptive about where we were going, but he has in our relationship been the one to make those presumptive comments which always made me hopeful that he was going to make things work . But at this point it seemed that he kind of changed his tune. I know that the obvious answer to all of this is to just talk to him and I understand that but i just dont know how and i dont know what my motive or objective should be and how to be totally confrontational. Please help im just confused and conflicted.