So I’ve been dating my girlfriend for about 6 months at this time. Back when we first started we had a bunch of conversations getting to know each other. We clarified that we don’t want kids or to get married while we were pulling ourselves together which was estimated 5 years. Giving us enough time to develop in our relationship and in life. Currently I’m a graduate student and work a shit job paying paying less than 30K a year she has good job unknown how much she gets paid but i know it’s drastically better then mime and she intends to go to grad school as well. So about mid February, we found out that she was pregnant. A lot of discussion and disagreements took place. Even though we had agreed no kids she started to become unsure and thinking about keeping it. I spoke with logic on reasons why we shouldn’t keep it, she tried to speak religiously to me about the child being a message from GOD. Even though we’re not stable she believes GOD has a plan, I was raised in the church from birth till 21 years old when i left so that stuff doesn’t work for me. From the beginning of the situation it was clarified I wasn’t sure how but if she decides to keep it i would do everything in my power to support, considering I used to work 2-3 jobs at a time I’m used to slaving myself. A lot more arguments ensued based around me speaking logic and she responding with religion. As of last week she calls me and tells me that her stepmom said “we don’t need you, your gonna be a deadbeat and the family will replace you”. We got into an argument based around her family making assumptions about me and disrespecting me. She claims it’s my fault because I don’t want the kid so she didn’t think it was important to defend me. We get into a larger conversation which becomes revealed that from the moment she knew she was pregnant she didn’t care if i wanted it or not, she knew she was keeping it and said that she’s just been waiting for me to accept the inevitable and stop whining... basically i just have two questions, 1. Am i wrong for interpreting that she never cared and leaving her? 2. Is it my fault that her family disrespected me and believes I’ll be a deadbeat?