So, here’s the thing. I met this guy on tinder a year ago. We really hit it off until he felt like more of a friend to me. Then we stayed friends for a while after that, but then slowly stopped talking to each other. Whenever we did hang out , I just remembered how much we were like best friends. I was completely comfortable around him and he made me genuinely laugh. I started to like him more than a friend. But I soon realized that I was too late . Though he still had feelings for me, he was focused on the fact that I wanted to be friends. Which I understood and really didn’t want to confuse him. So I figured maybe it was best if I wasn’t in his life at all. I basically ghosted him. I regretted it so much. That was a bridge I really didn’t want to burn. But I also didn’t want him to keep feeling like I was playing with his emotions. I know what you’re thinking, I could’ve just told him that. I have a hard time being vulnerable. So instead , I run. A few months passed and I found one of our old text messages that I completely forgot to delete. I re added him and texted him. I opened up and told him every thing. Why I ghosted him and that I really missed and wanted to be friends with him if nothing else. He was so understanding and sweet about it . After a while , we started hanging out again.. a lot. Then of course, I started liking him again. To be honest, I never really stopped. He told me he started having feelings for me. We were so close to something serious. Until I ruined it. I was working two jobs and couldn’t make time to see him... and he got really ... upset. Which makes sense. Truth be told, at the time , I was going through a lot. The only way I knew how to handle my stress was to drown myself in work. And handle things on my own. That’s the type of person I am. I can’t let someone be there for me. After he explained that he wanted more time with me , I was pretty cold in telling him  that work was very important to me. You could guess at this moment that this was another time I realized I wasn’t good for him. That he can do better. Be with someone who can give them all or most of their time. I ghosted him again. Stupid huh. That’s how I felt. I didn’t want to. Not really. But I don’t know how to be in someone’s life and let them be in mine. It’s been three months since then. After going through missing him so much ... I just now re added him. I don’t know what to do now or how to fix this. There’s no way he could trust me again ? Or have feelings for me again? Why would he?