My girlfriend - never compliments me, never asks how I am, never wants to talk about normal conversations, never tells me how she feels, never wants to fix our broken relationship even from the very beginning, always spoil her she had nothing before so I pretty much turned her into a complete spoiled brat. She gets upset and throws fits when she doesn’t get her way. She always wants something on the spot it’s either get it now or she doesn’t want it anymore. Never understands if I can’t afford it. She sits and does nothing all day long and plays video games and doesn’t want a real job ever in her life. She wants to be a cam girl cuz it’s so easy. I try so hard to be nice to her and sweet, and comforting, loyal, generous, all the good boyfriend traits she doesn’t give me one single good trait. She always takes her bad moods out on me always annoyed with me, etc etc etc etc. she says she wants to spend her life with me but she’s broken up with me multiple multiple times. She never admits when she’s wrong. She starts every single fight yeah I might continue it because she says I’m “weak” and my “masculinity is a joke” she admits she wears the pants. She starts the fights then tells me to stop being the asshole or douche bad. She strongly manipulates everything. I ask for one single thing like to spend time with me and she either says no or don’t tell me what to do. Every single day for 7 months she’s been the same and hasn’t changed. Maybe a little change like getting more comfortable but it never ends. She’s always so fucked up to me. BUT WHY DO I NOT WANNA LOSE HER? Will it get better or is she always going to be the same? I almost beg her to be good to me for everything I’ve done for her. Oh but the only thing I do is yell, want attention cuz she never gives it to me, if I call her crying because im just not happy or need someone there for me she never is she just says “I’m not throwing you a pity party” every single time. Does she even love me? At all???? I can’t imagine my life without her, idk why. I love her so much I can’t even explain. When we are good for less than 10% of the day, she’s so amazing. I think she might be bipolar or has a chemical imbalance. Maybe her past has traumatized her so bad. Idk... what do I do?