My (18f) boyfriend (19m)  and I have been together for almost three years. He got a really good paying job last year and makes a lot of money for someone our age (in fact he makes more than my mom does on her own) but it seems like now that he has more money he never wants to do the things we used to do when he had a minimum wage job. We used to go swimming all the time, roller blading, to the movies, out to eat. He doesn’t even like doing things that don’t cost anything but time, like picnics, sledding, going on walks, fishing. It’s not like we stopped hanging out,  we spend almost everyday together but he doesn’t ever want to do much. I am a full time student and have a part time minimum wage job and this doesn’t matter but I got him tons of candies and stuff for Valentine’s day and he got me four roses and a some drinks I love and then we ate at McDonalds so we could have time to have sex because we don’t get to that often and it was Valentine’s day. But today I was like “Hey we should have that v-day date soon and go somewhere nice” and he was like “Hmmm I just want to save up money babe”. He spent $1,100 on camera stuff last month and anytime i talk about going out he makes up an excuse or flat out says that he doesn’t want to and just wants to stay in and watch a movie together, which I love, but we can even go out and do free stuff and he still won’t want to. I feel like maybe I’m not worth it. I try my hardest to spoil him and stuff and it’s like a chore for him. This is my last year of highschool and I really would lost to go to my last Prom with him but anytime I bring it up he says it stresses him out because it’s so expensive and it makes me feel awful. He pays rent to his parents and does plan on moving out soon but our states cost of living is so cheap that he could easily be renting and living in an apartment and still have a LOT left over. We really want to get married and we talk about it a lot. He has said that he is saving up for our wedding but I don’t plan on spending half of what he has in the bank on our wedding, we know what we want to do and it just seems like another excuse. I tell him all the time that we better go out once a week and do a lot together when we’re married and he agrees but I feel like he doesn’t understand. I’ve even offered to pay for our dates and he just starts to feel bad and thinks i’m being manipulative but I’m not trying to be at all, I genuinely want to go out and make memories and do things together. What should I do?