Hi Reddit, sorry for formatting, I'm on mobile. Me (19m) and my girlfriend (20f) have been dating for about 4 years now, I have known her since the 4th grade, we are in the same grade, she's just a cougar by about 3 months lol. Anyways. Ever since I've known her she has struggled with severe depression. She was diagnosed when she was in 8th grade by a mental health professional. It stared when a close family member of hers died. She has also gone through some really tramatic events in her life before we got together. Her parents are good people but they are horrible when dealing with her depression. They get mad when she is obviously sad, (she is alot) and feel as if she doesn't have a reason to be sad. I have been there for her alot and she has been there for me alot as well. I truly love her. More than anything. But I feel like I'm losing her. Not to anyone else, but to herself. I felt as if our entire relationship I've just been fighting with her depression. She really struggles with motivation and refuses to take compliments, not just from me but for example she just dismisses the thought of anyone finding her attractive. She just wants to die, nothing seems to make her happy, except for me, or that's what she tells me. She sees no point in living, she feels as if she's just going through the motions and feels as if everyone would be better off without her. I've always tried to be really understanding of her because I know so many people haven't been. But sometimes I look at her and just think "what?" She's very intelligent, she got pretty much a full ride scholarship to a prestigious college in my state, she is going into a field that makes  really good money. She is attractive and gets a good amount of compliments from people. In all honesty she's about a solid (8.5/10) I personally see her as a ten (the most beautiful girl in the world) but I'm biased so I'm trying to put a reasonable number. Her depression comes in waves, sometimes it's pretty good and it isn't a big deal, other times it's a tidal wave that lingers for weeks where she just hates everything about life. I love her and I want to marry her, but I feel like she's not, well, not ready? I feel she relies on me too much and she needs to learn to love herself. Because it feels like I can't really love her without her doubting how I feel about her constantly. One of my biggest fears is that one day she's going to finally decide to end it all. I don't know how much longer I can go with  the fear of losing who I think is my soul mate for good. I just want my angel to be happy. Even if she's not with me, I just so badly want her to be happy and okay. I'm not really sure what I'm saying. I'm pretty emotional so this is more of a ramble. I'm curious about your thoughts on the situation Reddit?