My husband (25M) and I (21F) met in the military and at the time he was interested in paganism. I was already an agnostic wiccan at the time and I was happy to find someone who was interested in the same things as me (to clarify, his religious beliefs aren't what I fell for so it's not like I feel he just said what I wanted to hear). When I got out of the military, I shut down for a while but after a kick in my own ass I started going to more pagan/goth related events. When he left the military I started taking him to some of the same events because he was shutting down just like I did. He was going through a lot and I knew the best thing to do was to get him out of the house. One event in particular sparked some concern. We went to a Voltaire show at a local gay club and he was actually pretty excited about it. He knew of Voltaire from Billy and Mandy so of course he wanted to go see him play that song in person. Well the opening act was a horror themed drag show. I was stoked and he was pretty cool about the whole thing. However, during one of the performances, a drag king ripped a bible in half a tossed it to my husband's feet. He didn't react or anything like that but he seemed a little bit uncomfortable. As someone who went through some unfortunate events at the hands of Christians, it didn't phase me in the slightest. Later that night he told me the Bible thing made him uncomfortable and I asked him why. He told me that he's been more religious lately and wasn't interested in being pagan anymore. I was shocked but ultimately, it is his choice. I was understanding but naturally I was a little concerned. We had a discussion about how I wouldn't make him do anything he wasn't comfortable with and he needed to tell me if I was bothering him. I also told him that I wasn't comfortable with going to church because of my life experiences and he was completely cool with me not wanting to go with him. We had a discussion about how we would raise our kids and we agreed that we would let our children decide what they wanted to believe but they would at least go to church a few times with my husband to see if they wanted to be Christian. I'm hopeful that we can continue to coexist but my concern lies with the future. There's all these articles and people that say you have to have the exact same opinions in order to have a lasting marriage but my hope is that despite our differences we can make it work. We only ever argue over little things (taking out the trash and that sort of thing) and even then we never go to bed angry. I refuse to let us become a divorce statistic and I hope that someone has advice or life experiences that will help me sleep at night knowing that my awesome husband and I will be okay.