My girlfriend and I were together 5 years and the last 2 years were basically spent constantly arguing and borderline resenting each other. We were neck deep in the lost cause fallacy situation. I spent the last 3 weeks of our relationship barely talking to her and trying to make a decision about whether I wanted to move forward with our relationship or end it despite being together for 5 years. It was an extremely hard and sad decision to make. I had a close female friend at work with whom I discussed aspects of my relationship and the dilemma I was in. She was helpful in giving me advice and what not. One fine day during one of our conversations about my relationship, she stopped me and said she couldn't do it anymore because she liked me a lot from even before she know I was dating someone and she wasn't able to ignore that feeling even after she got to know that I was committed. She then told me the fact that I was in a relationship that was so dysfunctional and which made me so sad was driving her crazy because she knew I deserved so much better. Up until that point, I'd only considered her a really close friend and never thought she actually liked me.. but I guess when she confessed her feelings, I could in hindsight see the signs. Anyways, I hugged her and said I was sorry but I couldn't go out with her because I was still in a relationship and I had to make a decision about that before I move into anything else.. after the hug, there was a short moment when we held hands and I felt equal parts sickened by guilt that I was cheating on my gf by holding another girl's hand and a strong sense of affection towards my friend. I dropped her hands and told her I had to leave. I came back home that day and immediately called my gf and told her I couldn't be with her anymore. I didn't mention anything about my friend because I decided that it wasn't necessary information because it wasn't going to make a difference. I was deliberating breaking up with her way before my friend confessed to me and had completely fallen out of love with her like more than a year ago, so it just didn't matter in my eyes. The next day I called my friend and let her know that I broke up with my gf the previous night and was feeling quite broken inside. She said she was sorry I was going through a hard time but had to admit she was happy that I wasn't with someone that made me so sad. She then asked if I wanted to hang out or go for lunch and I jumped on the opportunity to distract myself from my own life. By the end of that day, it was pretty much obvious that we really liked each other and I was happy to move on. We ended the night with a kiss and went back to our own houses and pretty much became a couple that day. The first week I pretty much spent hanging out with her all day and having fun, but now that things have calmed down, I'm starting to wonder if I'm a horrible person for not waiting longer before getting into a relationship after breaking up with my long term gf.