We met each other on november of 2019 on Bumble and we started meeting each other from december very often. We were physical even before both of us confessed our love to each other. She was away for a while cause of her sister's engagement but we were still video calling and texting. One day she said she wanted alone time. I asked her is there anything wrong and if she wanted space from the relationship. She said no but would talk to me. I was thinking its fine to talk like we both used to and I was talking to her through texts and facetime regularly. SHe called me and asked whats wrong and I said that I was telling my friend that you weren't  speaking well and i was afraid i did something wrong but later that night she called me up on video call and started crying that she made a decision too soon and isn't ready to commit, she doesn't wanna lose me or hurt me, that I make her doubt the decision. She wants the old bond we had back when we were more than friends but less than relationship partners and that she cant lose her parents.. She still says that she doesnt want me to walk out of her life or lose me but also is scared of commitments and relationship is scaring her to death.  I went to her house to drop a letter saying that i will give her space cause she said she was out of town but in reality she wasn;t out of town. Once i knew that i rang her door bell and she said "i lied to you cause i dont wanna meet you" . We went to a park to talk. I asked her that if she doesnt want me in her life that i will leave but still she wouldn't ask for that nor want to lose me. I told her I will give her space in that letter and that after we get back we will start stronger and convince her parents in the future. After I came home she had an anxiety attack and called me saying that she needs help. I don't know what to do, she suffers from severe anxiety and depression and I don't know how long should I wait. She said there is no other guys in the picture nor she wants anyone else. Im so confused and i don't know what to do! I went on a no contact rule and then she texted me 24 hours later she cried and I texted her back. She send me an answer for something else and that's it. I feel like 3 months i way too long and 3 days is way too short for a Break. What should I do! please help!