To preface, I’ve been in a number of serious relationships. I’ve gone through the gauntlet of exes and believing that I would marry them. I’ve made genuine sacrifices for relationships, and I’ve been in genuine love a few times. But this girl hasn’t. She has had sexual experiences and been in relationships but nothing serious. Me, I just got out of a long term relationship about 6 months ago, and started talking to this new girl 4 months ago. I hadn’t wanted a relationship and have been actively avoiding it but I’m falling for her. I’ll call her V for now. She and I grew up in the same home town. I moved away and she stayed. We both are some of the few ethnics from that area and have both suffered racism and borderline hate crimes because of the color of our skin, but now being  in a multi-cultural and hyper progressive area, I feel like no one understands my conservative upbringing. But when I go back to my home town, I’m still not one of them because i’m colored. However, V gets me. She is the only one aside from my siblings like me. She went to the same dojo as me, and I love her mind. She is an absolute genius in my mind and I respect her for her work ethic and intelligence. Furthermore, my parents all really like her and we’re essentially childhood friends who reconnected. In the past few months we’ve been hanging out together and we ended up sleeping together. I was her first. We didn’t consider ourselves to be in a relationship at the time and currently don’t. However, we both know that we’re more than just friends at this point. My situation right now is this: I don’t want to be in a fully committed relationship because I’ve been in one after another for years, and haven’t had the chance to just date around or be single for a very extended period of time and establish myself as an individual. She seems very down for a fully committed relationship, but I am not sure I can be what she needs. It’s of my mind that it’s good to try out a few long term relationships before finding your future spouse so that you can know who you are in a relationship and what you really want. After only a month or so I knew that I wanted to marry her one day. I knew that she is an amazing fit for me and me for her. But I also am scared that I would feel suffocated in another long term relationship so soon after my last one, and I am scared that our chances of going for the long run would be diminished by this being her first long term relationship. Nonetheless, I know she knows I am hesitant about relationships so she won’t make the first move. I know she has serious feelings for me and I may be her first love. I know I love her with an intensity I haven’t felt before. I know that I am scared to love again and go for it, but it is what I am constantly wanting to do. In any case, whenever I say, “I like you.” I mean I love you. Whenever I say, “You make me happy” I mean I love you. I don’t know what to do, but all I know is right now it is killing me to not tell her that I love her. I’m just scared that doing so would lead to a chain of events that would end with me and her going sour.