So me and my ex started dating in January and it was both of our first serious relationships. Everything was going great. We were actually each other’s first kiss too. We hung out a lot like almost everyday and we both told each other many times that we saw a future with each other and that we wanted the relationship to last. At one point she said to me “when I’m ready to say that I love you it will be incredibly easy to say it to you!” It was great for 2 months until the quarantine happened. For the first few weeks of quarantine we talked on the phone and played Minecraft together almost everyday. She was even telling me that once we could see each other again we’d spend so much time together again. It all seemed that it was all going to be okay but we couldn’t see each other for a while because we both still live with our parents but my parents were incredibly strict about the lockdown. Then she started sleeping everyday most of the day and we didn’t talk much at all but we were still happy together or so I thought. Then comes May 4th...a few days before she says “I really think we need to talk.” This worries me immediately as I’m sure it would anyone haha and this was going to be the first time we could see each other again regardless of what happens. Well she comes to my house and the first thing she says to me is “I don’t know if this is working” she then explained that she’s got a gut feeling that things won’t workout. Then she says that she feels she can’t reciprocate things that I say and I asked what she couldn’t reciprocate and she said “well I won’t be able to say I love you for a while...” I expected that anyway...I wasn’t expecting either of us to say that for a while and I explained that to her. Then She then kept telling me that I’m a great guy and that I’m “better than 99% of the guys out there” then said that I had treated her the best anyone ever had. This all just confused me...why throw away a good relationship because a gut feeling that came at a time where things weren’t normal for the relationship? Then a few days ago I talked to her more about it all and she said that the gut feeling that she had was that she may never be able to tell me she loves me which I guess gives me more closure than I had but it hurts and it’s confusing because why say all that before about wanting to last and seeing a future and it being easy to say that you love me when you are ready if the first little gut feeling you have will shy you away? Even I had gut feelings that we wouldn’t make it out of quarantine because we wouldn’t be able to see each other and texting honestly just sucks. Idk maybe I’m looking at it wrong but I feel like those feelings don’t just change. And she keeps throwing stuff out like “don’t wait on me” I told her that if I’d wait for any girl it would be her because she was a genuinely great girlfriend who I had a really great connection to. But idk what to think or how to feel? I feel like there’s a chance she changes her mind if we could actually spend time together but idk? Thank you for reading! Any advice is welcomed!