Hi everyone. This will be kind of a long post and I apologize for that. Id prefer to keep my name private so I’ll go by D and I’m 21 years old. I was engaged to the most amazing woman. The kind of woman that when you said “she’s the love of my life” you meant it every time. We had a baby together really early. Like alarmingly early but we loved each other and we loved the fact that we were going to be parents together and we’ve been together for years. Recently she called off our engagement and our relationship. I’d be lying to you if I said I was perfect. No one is, but man have I struggled to mentally take care of my self. She received a lot of that anger and pain over the years, and that wasn’t fair or right of me AT ALL  but this was one of the reasons why we are separating. Her heart has been hurt one too many times and it just got to her, and I agree it’s been a hard couple of years. A lot needs to change about how I manage my difficulties and I’ve been working on it a ton since we got our own place to live 7 months ago. Another reason why this came up is because she needs to discover her self. She needs to feel okay with her self, and she needs to do that so that she can feel okay with being in a relationship, and this next part is where I’m confused and feel that, this is contradictory. The last reason is because before I was in the picture there was another man, she had been highschool sweethearts with. He hurt her bad because he just essentially cut her out of her life because he was dealing with a previous break up. She feels like “this chapter hasn’t been closed and I’d never be able to live with myself if I didn’t have some kind of ending whether good or bad”. So she has started dating him and going over to his house and I always have to know about it because we still live together and I watch my son while she goes. And she said after all of this. After her and I can work on ourselves and after this thing with this guy runs it’s course, maybe, maybe we can be together again. I’m obviously feeling the usual emotions of separation, but I also feel like the “chapter” as she put it only has one ending, and it doesn’t end well for me. And if not I feel like my chances are slim and I’m just being kept around as a back up. I tried doing the emotionally and mentally healthy thing last night and tell her that Id rather have no chance because I’m terrified of getting my hopes up (because how can I not she’s the love of my life as stated earlier) and getting hurt. That upset her a lot. She refuses to talk about the situation but she also doesn’t want to make it public that this is going on so I can’t reach out to friends or family. I’m trying so hard to show her I am working on my self every second of the day, and I’m trying to put the things I’ve learned over the last few months in to action. I just don’t know what to do, at all. Can someone give me some kind of advice? Feel free to ask any questions as well.