I was dating a guy for about a year, long distance. I was in America, he was in Mexico. Over the year, i would go out there to visit when i had time off from college. He could not come out to US, things were fun and great. After a year of long distance, I graduated college and he asked me to move out there. I was all for it, hired by a great job, they found me housing and even wanted to pay my rent, so i went! He then moved in with me after 3 weeks of being out there and not hearing from him. After three weeks, i heard from him and he came. He told me he would only stay a few days and come back but he never left. As time went on, he never had money, he didn’t find work, he wanted to surf, cook and fish all day. When we first met it was not like this. He was working. I noticed he was very lazy and the worst part about it is when we would do out grocery runs and he could barley pay. Things started to happed, i noticed that my stash of cash in my room was getting touched. I became angry and was feeling used. After noticing the second and third time that he had been going through my things and took cash from me without asking i told him to get out of my house. It took him 4 hours to finally leave. He left at 11pm one night. I went to work the next day. I came home from work and realized he had came into my house with no forced entry, which makes it seem like he had a key made without me knowing, stole my laptop, 1k dollars in pesos, a pair of shorts, got his ID, and my old iphone 7. I could not sleep that night. Soon, i realized that i could track my laptop through Find My iPhone, and i did. I found him at the mexican airport, rushed there, was escorted into the airport by 6 Federali’s and pointed to the guy that was once the love of my life. I couldn’t believe it. Was it just a big fight? He has now been in jail for 6 months and now due to COVID he has no way of getting out till its over. He called me about 4x back in February asking to help him get out and that he would never bother me again or hear from me and to come and get him. Now that time has passed, i still think of him. I feel guilty for putting him in jail but i was very angry at what he did. I  believed he needed to learn his lesson and i know I am not the first person he has done this to, his mother agreed. I just wonder if he still thinks of me and loves me. Everything blew up so fast and i know that before this there was love. I wonder if i will ever hear from him again after all this is over or how things will pan out. Things were fun and great. Life with him in mexico was magical but ended so abruptly and sadly. I was then out there the past 6 months alone, working as a teacher and making new friends but it was not the same. I am just curious to a young mans mentality after jail for his first time and if there is any positive future for couples that argued and it ended in jail. I have not heard from him in 2 months and last i heard was that he got moved to another part of the jail. What do you guys think? I walk around with a heavy heart, kind of heart broken and just wonder what the outside world feels on this situation and the future. Thank you