Ok so first of all let me just say yes this is just 8th grade shit but I guess it would it hurt to ask. So this last Friday my friend hooked me up with this girl. I’m going to call her Mia (just in case sees this) so mia is amazing she’s on the cheerleading team and she’s super smart and pretty. Know you have me a kinda anxiety ridden, 5,12 dumb ass in the morning and chill dude in the evening. So right off the bat you can see that I don’t have any hope in myself about getting this girl. But my friend Caden a complete Chad, asked her out for me, and she said yes! At first I thought that he was fucking with me but no I was so confused I guy like me actually getting a girl I like? This must be a dream. So then I asked for her insta he gives me it and I texted her at 6:04 and she texted me at 9:28 and right then I was thinking to myself does not what to do this. So I put in my second message to her exactly “I don’t wanna pressure you I’m chill if you don’t wanna go out it just that you seem pretty chill and I like your vibe you know”but she said that she just wanted to get to know me better so we arranged a date to the movies ( I was going to buy the tickets and she wanted to buy the drinks) but the thing that hinted  that she doesn’t want to do this was the Da Ted that she never told me when she was free after I texted her 3 times asking about it. ( I only wanted to text her 3 times so I didn’t seem like the r/niceguy spamming her texted messages) now you might say op she probably just didn’t see them and maybe she’s doing something else, which I thought or that her WiFi sucked because we are in the high dessert but it’s been two days since she last texted me. To be real for a sec I don’t really care if she doesn’t wanna go out with I just don’t know why you would say you do but not texted me back, and she has a lot of friends (which is why I like her ) so I’m afraid that she’s gonna reject me in a public way and I’m already kinda the new kid ( I was here last year and this year but I left in August and came back in February) so having that on my record already is kinda scary. My last thought to do is ask the 200 if people of Reddit for advice and help please