Back in 2013 when my parents divorced, my mom told me about her new friend she met at work. When I met the guy, I thought he was really cool. He eventually moved in with my mom around  mid 2014. That's when I started to notice that something was wrong. Around every month, they would get really drunk and argue(usually verbal, but sometimes physical), then the police would come, then he would leave for a few days, then come back. I started noticing drug paraphernalia(empty dime bags, grinders, straws, razors with a white powder on them) around the house. I knew what they were and what he used them for, but for some reason, didn't care. I told my grandma and my therapist about it because I thought my friends would make fun of my situation. Eventually, he just disappeared and I didn't think much about it. Around 2018, I started noticing things out of the ordinary. When I would come back from my dads house, I would notice things that didn't make sense. The house would be noticeably more messy, there would be an empty bottle of hard liquor, and my mom seemed hungover when I would come back. Now, my mom barely drinks and keeps the house clean, so I knew something was up. One day I was on her phone to help her and she got a text from him saying "I can't wait to see you again babe". I had my suspicions, but to have undeniable evidence in front of me made me feel sick. I started to realize over time that I hated this guy and would go to great lengths to see him dead. I've tried asking about her about him a few times, and every time she denies it. Today, when we got home, I checked the mail, there was a letter addressed to him. My mom asked what it was and I told her it was trash. Then she noticed what it really was, she took it from me and tried to hide it. I suddenly screamed at her "I know you still talk to that fucker!" and then she threw the letter away. I want to talk to her about him again but I don't know how to confront her about it. I have nobody to talk about this with. I'm looking for any advice that could help.