Hii everyone. I (19F) have been dating my bf (23M) for 10 months now and things are pretty good. We have good chemistry, we communicate well (even though we do get into REALLY bad arguments we end up talking it out after a while), we're MAD attracted to each other sexually and romantically. But I'm a really insecure person. Before we met he had a girlfriend of 3 years and they broke up in October 2018 (we met in December/January 2019, and started dating May 2019). When we were just friends he talked to me a lot about what was on his mind and she of course would cross his mind, but it was more about what went wrong and how he figured out it wasn't what he wanted which was why he broke it off with her. They were each other's first relationship and they clearly shared a lot of moments together and grew a lot being with each other and I can't help but wonder if I'm even.. yknow, "comparable" to her. I don't mean to compare myself to her, but I have a lot of self doubt when it comes to myself and I always wonder if I'm good enough for him and it ends up to me wondering if we'd even last as long as they did. I'd catch myself wondering why he could be with her and try again and again with her for so long (they had a couple of breaks, but we've broken up many times. The first time we broke up he told everybody around him and that was 4 months into our relationship). This really brought me down and to this day, still does. It just has me wondering all sorts of things. I've already talked to him about this and his explanation was that he's not the same person as before and that he has little tolerance for things nowadays, which I understand. 3 years is a long time and that's going to tell you a lot about what you can handle and what you can't handle. But my views are different. I believe that if you're going to love somebody you should be giving it your all, having hope for the other person to learn and grow for the better, and trusting them that they will learn (and ofc if it's clear they're not learning and changing you leave). We recently had a talk and he mentioned that he didn't see any changes in me which brings me down even more. I don't seek validation but at that point it's like I may as well be since I'm receiving someone's opinion anyways. There are also some other things I'm uncomfortable with and get insecure about, like how when I call him out for his drinking habits, he gets mad and starts putting things in my mouth like I'm calling him an alcoholic and he gets defensive and says "I'm not an alcoholic" (note: when he drinks he gets mad REALLY easily, I can't stress enough how most of our arguments are when he has alcohol in his system. This probably might give you an idea on how often he drinks too, he used to drink basically every day when this was brought up at the time). He has a sweater that his ex gave him and I told him how I was uncomfortable with him wearing it every single day (not exaggerating) and he was like "I have no problem with wearing it, it's not like I think about her when I wear it." but shouldn't it matter if I don't like how he's wearing something from his ex? I've asked him at the very least to wear it less until I can get used to it but he didn't budge about it and got mad at me. There was this time where we were at work (we work at the same place) and we were playing a version of Mafia where the killer winks at people and that eliminates them from the game. I told him how I was uncomfortable with the concept of the game (how they have to wink) because the guy who initiated the game has a crush on a coworker. I explained to him how these kinds of games always have some sort of intention, and I compared it to Spin the Bottle and he completely blew up on me saying I'm overreacting, how it's just a game and it's nothing like Spin the Bottle. I don't know guys, at this point I'm just holding back most of my thoughts because I'm always being treated like I'm wrong for having these thoughts, and I get scared of having another argument. (He told me he broke up with his ex bc the last few months they just kept arguing and he wasn't having it.) He's said multiple times that I'm being too much and too insecure and he's even said it's my problem at this point because he doesn't think he can do anything about it when all I ask for at the very least is reassurement. Like he doesn't even try to figure out if he can do something, whether it be the situation or about me being in my downs. He always tells me he loves me which is why he is still with me, but it just makes me wonder why we broke up so many damn times. To me it's not acceptable to tell someone you love them and you're willing to try again and again but you've broken up a bunch of times/end up breaking up a couple of more times. Am I too insecure? Should I be trying to figure out a better way to bring things up? I don't yell at him about it or anything, I literally just try to talk to him and then things escalate because he's not hearing me out. Thank you.