My girlfriend moved in with me after she had no where else to go. I took her in because I really liked her and didn't want to she her struggle. She had already lived independantly and it didn't work out for her. We have lived together for a little over 7 months now. We have had some problems, the main thing being her confiding in another guy about our realtionship. Emotionally cheating or whatever. It ended up being him pressuring her to break up with me because "I'm toxic" all whilst he is pretending to be my friend, and I had no idea at the time. (He wanted to steal her from me). She broke up with me for 3 days and I didn't find out about all of this untill during our breakup. She explained how miserable she was without me, so I decided to give her another chance. She begged me to move back in, and she did 5 days later. Now, two weeks later she is saying she wants to be more independent, so she wants to move in with her coworker. (Who also calls me toxic, even though I have never met her before). She says that nothing is wrong with our realtionship, but that she needs to grow as a person. Not to breakup, just to move out because she feels "boxed in". She says shes grown alot as a person and can handle being independent now. My problem is that she has already broken my trust very recently. She has been with me this entire time, but somehow being here is preventing her from growing even though she has grown while with me. I don't want to be with someone that I can't read. I need someone solid and I want that to be her, but she keeps breaking my trust. I don't know if I should break up with her or give her space. I just don't know if she will do the same thing to me again. It would be harder because, we wouldnt be around together as often, and I don't want to have to keep tabs on her. Does her wanting to be independent mean shes tired of me? She said she moved in too quick, but she hasn't said till recently. Its all becoming a problem now even though everything else is perfect. It doesn't make sense, so I need some advice.