hii everyone so i have kind of an interesting story today lol i have been dying to talk to someone about this in real life but i literally cant .. if anyone found out it would be really bad and really embarrassing.anyway... lately i have started to develop feelings for one of my dad close friends. he also happens to be my little sisters boyfriends dad. he is divorced so hes been single for a long time... i have recently started looking at him differently and ive been freaking out. he is a really great guy and idk i started crushing on him hard. i cant stop thinking about him like legit all the time. i broke up with my boyfriend of 2 years about 4 months ago, he keeps asking me if me and him have worked thinfs out. when i say no he says "ehh well i guess it wasnt meant to be".... i feel liek he keeps flirting with me, he keeps finding little ways to touvh me like put his hand on my leg or back or "accidentally" touch my hand. we alwways sit next to each other at the dinner table, i just find us always being close to each other lately. idk maybe im imagining all of it maybe hes not thinking anything like i am... even if he is its not like anything could ever really happen, and i would never have the balls to say anything to him cause if hes not feeling the same ill be mortified; id never be able to be around him again which would be tough since our families are always together. but if he does feel the same it would open a huge can of worms for us. if his kids or my dad or really anyone found out wed be screwed. anyway i dnt think im gonna say anything to him i just cant get him out of my head. i get excited anytime my parents say hes coming over for dinner, i just love being around him. i really hope no one picks up on this but i just cant get enough of this guy and since i cant tell anyone in real life i figured id make a post here and see what u guys had to say lol and see if anyone has  ever been in a smiliar situation. this would be wrong for so many reasons... one the age difference, two who he actually is. im just freaking out lol so id llove to get some opinions:) lol lmk what u guys think