My (ex) boyfriend of 4 years accused me of cheating on him at the end of February because he noticed discharge on my dirty underwear, but swore up and down it was from a male(if you’re picking up what I’m putting down). We live together, we work together, we’re basically always together, so I don’t understand where he thinks I have the time to do so. He woke me up at 5am screaming, calling me names, the whole nine yards and had made up his mind that he was right and you couldn’t tell him any different. After we split for a week, we calmed down and kind of just forgot about it. Flash forward to now. He is a “recovering” addict. He lost his job to COVID so he has been home for 10 weeks drawing unemployment (and also the $600 a week boost), yet he was borrowing money from me to pay his part of our bills? Obviously I found many drugs in my house over the quarantine, and finally I just put my foot down. Over the 4 years there have been slip ups and serious conversations but this had drawn the line considering what I found and the fact he was making more than me yet still borrowing from me. I broke up with him and gave him 30 days to get out of my house. Since then we have separated in the house and not spoke to each other, but I see him nodding off on the couch, falling asleep in a gaming chair sitting straight up, find baggies and straws left out on the coffee table, etc.. he is a server, he can’t afford to take care of himself and he is supposed to be using the 30 day’s to get a big boy job (one you have to pass a drug test for - haha) and find a place to live. 30 days if up next Sunday and I believe he’s spending all of his money on drugs. He is staying up over 24+ hours, he’s sleeping all day and waking up well into the night, and I know he’s not gonna be out at the end of 30 days. Any time I bring it up he tries to direct the attention on me by bringing up my dirty underwear, how I’m getting rid of him because I have someone else, he’s been taking pictures of my underwear “as evidence” EVEN THO WE ARENT TOGETHER, he’s publicly bashed me on his Facebook saying I’m crazy and cheating on him; a full roller coaster. I’m still standing my ground. I know I’m not crazy. I know I have NEVER cheated. His family doesn’t want him to move back because they know how he is and know his addiction history.  How do I get him OUT without completely screwing him over?