Hi, I have been with my boyfriend for 3 years and he is in recovery from an opiate addiction. The first year and a half we were together he would go on and off from being clean to relapsing. Long story short we moved about a thousand miles away hoping that would get him away from a lot of bad influences that we were living around. We have now been living in the new place for another year and a half and while he hasn't used pills or heroin since we have moved he has done crack a handful of times since we've moved down here. To my knowledge He's been clean for about 6 months. The trust in our relationship has been broken time and time again but I've stayed because he is putting an effort to stay clean however I find myself questioning everything he does. Every time he randomly says he needs to go out to run an errand I wonder if he's actually going to get drugs, and every time he asks me for money I have a very hard time trusting that it's going towards what he says it's going towards. My problem is what if he is actually being honest with me and is staying clean but I'm hurting him by being unsupportive and mistrusting because I question his every move. It's a hard situation because our work schedules are opposite so he could very easily get high while I'm not home and when we have days off together he doesn't seem high on anything but he acts sketchy. One of his things is he hides drugs or money or whatever inside of his wallet and every time he has had nothing to hide he doesn't even know where his wallet is but usually when there's something in there he's very protective over it which has been the case this morning.  Please don't come for me in the comments it is extremely hard to rebuild this trust especially because it's been broken repeatedly. If you are a significant other or family member of somebody who is in recovery how do you rebuild that trust or keep yourself from jumping to conclusions? I am someone who is totally willing to acknowledge when I am wrong and I'm willing to work on myself if I'm the issue and he's not but I am at a loss.