hello, this is my first time posting. i met this guy four months ago. after we met, we went on a couple of dates and i told him "i can't see myself pursuing any other guy but you. so i want to delete my dating apps. r u on the same page" and he said "yes, delete your apps. i definitely wanna keep you around but i don't want start off too serious because i need some healing time and i might go to new york for school next fall". which i thought was great because i didn't want to take things too fast either because i needed to overcome some past trauma as well. we kept on meeting up and hanging out and then at the beginning of february, i didn't see him much because he got really sick. during that time i thought he was pushing me away because that's what's happened to me so many times in the past. so i called him and i told him i have an anxious attachment style (due to emotional neglect from my parents and other men treating me like an object) and we talked it out and he seemed to understand, said  i was doing fine and that he felt he had space to breathe and that he would tell me if i ever got too clingy. he also said i shouldnt seek too much validation from him. then we hung out a bit again. and now i have not seen him for a month and two weeks because of the whole corona shut down (also he is really freaked out about the whole thing). the issue i am having now is how long he takes him to reply. he has always taken forever since the beginning but i would appreciate it if we could communicate more since we're not able to see each other. when we see each other, he is great. he is so thoughtful, fun, and caring. it's just the distance makes me feel left in the dark. typically, he will take around 3-4 hours to reply. he also is the person who definitely enjoys their alone time and spends a lot of time self-reflecting and recharging. so, i also don't want to take up his space or sound clingy or desperate by asking for more or something. there have been times though when i have only heard from him twice in a day. i don't know what to think anymore because other adults online have said "it doesn't mean anything, don't be extra". but my friends are saying, "no, dump him. he's not worth it. you deserve better". i like him a lot though and i feel like we complement each other (because we are POLAR opposites). at the same time, i feel as though my anxiety (i've had bad anxiety for a couple years now) could be making the situation worse and i do need to work on not being clingy. i don't know what to do and i'm just so tired and i don't want to be scarred even more than i already am. anyhow, thoughts? (sorry that was so long. tysm for reading)