i was taking a kick boxing class before quarantine and isolation and all this stuff started, i honestly just started and hadn’t gone to many sessions but it was really fun and i miss it. im a skinny, very weak girl and i hate feeling this way but i enjoy exercising so it was fun being active and feeling strong. anyway i haven’t gone for over a month now and im just at home doing nothing. my bf and i have been arguing a bit lately and we live together so we’re just together 24/7 and it’s not very fun at the moment and hasn’t been fun for some time. yesterday we were acting a bit cold towards each other and i wasn’t in the mood to speak to him or do any of that like i was just ignoring him or giving short responses and sitting alone and far away from him and he followed me and started pushing me when i got up to make myself dinner like he was trying to get a reaction out of me or something and i told him to stop it and leave me alone and he was just saying stuff to make me mad and i didn’t even care, i wasn’t giving him the reaction he wanted. then he was like talking about how we should fight and see if my kick boxing taught me anything.. which was so random (while im in the kitchen making food and i wasn’t even talking to him the whole day so it was truly random) and just absurd, first of all i had gone to like 3 classes more than a month ago, second of all im literally 100 pounds im not fighting anyone and especially not my fucking boyfriend. i didn’t even do anything at all, i told him no get away from me and i thought he was joking or something because he never acted like this then he just grabbed me without me doing anything, i didn’t start anything, like he grabbed my arms and pushed me on the wall hard and it hurt my back and he was taunting me saying how i act all rude and tough to him (which i don’t) and he was telling me to hit him but i obviously couldn’t as he was holding my arms and standing on my feet. then he had the nerve to spit on me and call me a weak bitch and he hit my back against the wall again. when he let me go i went to the bathroom and cried. just feels like shit. i know he did it because we are basically over anyway and all the tension from our arguing. this morning he didn’t even say one word to me and walked by as if i don’t exist. i wanna leave but i don’t really have anywhere else to go. just want some advice from an objective source