I’ve dated this man for 2 years now. Initially when we started to get to know each other , there was this lady who used to call him a whole lot. I could sense something fishy and I asked him a couple of times about her and denied being involved with her sexually. I didn’t want to be the paranoid person so after a couple of questions and answers, I just let it go. Then we started dating and it was great initially till I moved out of the town we were in together. He changed a little but I just blamed it on distance . Then i got a job in the same town again so I moved back and things got better but the same lady was still calling at really odd times and at an odd frequency. But my instincts about it were strong so I looked up his WhatsApp one time and I found out he had been sexually involved with her before and it was probably still ongoing. We spoke about it and I forgave him. In fact it wasn’t just one woman. They were two. The second one was even being promised marriage. I didn’t even want to think about it . So I just let it go. Everything seemed okay. But he was still in contact with the first lady . Telling me they were really good friends and there was nothing going on anymore and whatever. That whole time was really confusing but he moved out of the town and it died down. He moved to the town where my family lives and he didn’t have any accommodation so I offered him my room in my parents home. My family basically worshipped him. That’s how they are. I’m usually the odd one. They welcomed him and made him very comfortable. A few months later I started to notice he was being strange again (overly sweet in our conversations) and it dawned on me that he might be compensating for something he had done. I came home for a vacation and one night when he was asleep I went through his phone again because that’s the only way I can know for sure. He had had sex with a new person. An older lady. Broken her virginity. I couldn’t even cry. At the point , I was broken. That’s all I can say. I told him we were done and the water works followed. He Cried so much and said it was a mistake and what nots and wouldn’t let it go. It was more difficult Cos he was living with me in the same room now. So I said okay. Let’s move on with our relationship. But that wasn’t true. I only didn’t want to talk about it anymore. I didn’t want to have to deal with it. Now I know In my heart that I don’t want to marry this man. Not for anything. So why do I keep this relationship going. Sometimes I convince myself that it’s so that I don’t end up in another pathetic one. I’ve been sleeping with other men too now. It’s not pay back. It’s just Cos I know me and him don’t have any relationship anymore. But I told him we do. So he keeps making efforts and talking about moving in to our own  place and getting married. He has also moved out of my parents home for about 4 months now. I don’t know if I should keep the relationship going Cos it might get better . I cannot seem to forgive him. I just cannot do it. How should I fix this?