For about two years before we started dating, my boyfriend and I were really good friends. We told each other *everything* and turned to one another for advice on sex/relationships/dating during that time. I've been dating him for two years now and I still get so jealous about certain things. For example, he goes on guys trips once a year. When I was his friend, he told me very detailed descriptions about what went on during these guys trips. I know they can get super sketchy... and as his girlfriend, he knows I'm uncomfortable with what goes on. The first time he went on the trip while we were starting to date, he hooked up with someone and then lied to me for months about it. He also added the girl on snapchat and only deleted her after I asked who it was on his phone. When we hang out with his friends, all they talk about are the wild times they had on their trips (mostly when my boyfriend was single). They tell one another to move to other rooms so their girlfriends can't hear the stories and they have private photo albums of them & other random girls. I've also seen videos of my boyfriend snorting coke off other girls (I don't even think the other girlfriends know half these stories....). On top of all of this, I know details about the girls he was seeing regularly before we started dating, and I know he still has them on his social media. The other day we were BOTH looking at his phone, searching something about a trip we'd like to take, and he quickly pulled away so I couldn't see something. I asked him what was wrong and he got really upset with me, blaming me for being paranoid and jealous, saying I'm accusing him of hiding things when he isn't, etc. I apologized at first but I asked him 2-3 more times why he was acting so weird (because something just felt off?) and he finally broke down and showed me he was creeping them on Instagram, specifically bikini pics. We fight often and I feel like it's always my fault, annoying him about things that are upsetting me. Due to our living situations and how new our relationship is, I'm trying so hard to brush everything off and be the fun "friend" that I once was, but it's getting really frustrating mentally and I don't know if it will get any easier. I know he is getting really annoyed with me as well when I get jealous about these things. Do you think this is something that will blow over or do I just need to get over these things and just move on?! Help!