Okay so I(24M) met this girl(21F) at work and long story short we were interested in each other and went on to get to know each other. Everything was going really great! She was happy talking to me all the time we always had great times together she was super flirty and said she wants this to work out. I pushed her away because I felt as if she wasn’t putting in the same amount of effort as me when it came to communicating. It led me to think she was just leading me on and it prompted me to tell her that I’m done. She then asked why and I took some time to think about what to say because I felt some guilt afterwards. I realized then that I was being immature and I said never mind that I don’t know what I was thinking. She then went and said how her ex used to do the same thing(tell her he’s done then come back)and she doesn’t want to get put through the same bs witch I totally understand(her ex also cheated on her)She then went on to cry and tell me she’s not sure about our whole “thing” after what I did. I then told her I think she needs some space and she agreed with me. She also said she knows she could have communicated better and she’s sorry she didn’t. I got pretty upset and embarrassed with myself that it led to me getting drunk and sending her apology texts making myself look worse and worse. The next day I chilled the fuck out and decided to cut contact with her for a week. Today I sent her the most sincere apology I could think off but not asking for another chance because I knew that was going to be a long shot. She accepted my apology said she really appreciated it and said she really wants to be friends. We still text but very minimally she’s still very friendly. Seemed like what I did really hurt her and I’m just looking for some advice, sorry for the long read I know it’s a stupid situation. I know I have some emotional issues to work on and I shouldn’t be dating but I do want to be her friend because before I acted out everything flowed so well with us.