I’ve been with my boyfriend for 4 months. Im a 21 year old female and he’s 38. I originally had no plans to be in a relationship with him because of the age gap, I assumed something was wrong with him if he wanted to be with someone so much younger. Anyways, that went away and we started dating and at this point I have pretty intense feelings for him. Its a happy and healthy relationship mostly. My last 3 boyfriends cheated on me and all that has left me with a lot of anxiety and paranoia about relationships. I’m trying really really hard to be chill and not overthink but sometimes it gets the best of me. I had a best friend for a while, but she caused a lot of problems in my life. She slept with my last 2 boyfriends, one after we broke up and one while we were still together. She gave the second boyfriend chlamydia which he then gave to me. After that I cut her off completely for a while. For whatever reason I ended up unblocking her and occasionally talking to her and seeing her. I was with her the night I met my current bf. That was the last time I hung out with her because it just made me feel like shit to be around her. Her, my bf, and my social circles overlap a lot and we all tend to go to the same bar. We both see her around occasionally. I asked him to not talk to her or be friends with her, which I think is reasonable. He said he wouldn’t. One night I definitely crossed a boundary and went through his phone after he had fallen asleep with it unlocked. I don’t like that I did that because I don’t want to be that person. But I did, and I found messages between them on Instagram. It wasn’t extensive but one was asking her what her other Instagram is, which is an account she posts pictures of herself almost naked to. He had seen a picture from that account when I was scrolling through my ig one day. Another message asked if she got home safe, so I know he saw her that night. Even though I have no proof, I just have this gut feeling that there is more that are deleted. A few days after this I sent him something on ig and he said he didn’t even know you could message people on ig. I don’t understand why he lied about that either. I’m trying to let it go but it’s just gnawing away at me. What should I do? If I bring it up I have to tell him I went through his phone, but if I don’t I won’t get any clarity. It makes me uncomfortable for him to talk to her at all, but now I just can’t stop thinking that they’re hanging out or sleeping together.