I’ve been dating this girl for about 3 years now and time has gone by real fast. I know she has a lot of guy friends and I’ve all met them and they’re all something I never had to worry about. Recently she has been hanging out with a new particular friend since she’s been bored at home because of not working and she’s been searching for a job. I’ve been working a lot of hours and one of her buddies that I know and really like had asked her to hangout with his buddy and him. At first it was all fine and I met the other guy who was quite shy but me being the way I am I greeted him respectfully and he seemed like a fine guy. They all hangout about once or twice a week and the other days she hangs out with her girlfriends or other guy friends that I know. I’ve noticed they’ve been messaging each other more and more everyday, and just recently after about a month and a half of hanging out he told her he had a crush on her. She didn’t want to tell me since I had been suspicious and started to get jealous of the guy but after awhile she finally did tell me. I was angry but I calmed myself and we discussed about it. I had to tell her how I felt and that I was uncomfortable with her hanging out with him and she said that she doesn’t look at him in that way and that she loves me. So I told myself to keep calm and go on. A couple weeks pass and I notice he’s still messaging her and she knows I notice so she tries to take a break from messaging him and tells me that she loves me more than anything especially when I start getting upset. I unfortunately brought it up again like the jealous guy I am and we had a serious conversation about how much she doesn’t want to hurt me and that she feels guilty sometimes for hanging out with him and the friend I know. There was a couple times where she even hung out with the shy guy alone just because she started becoming good friends with him. But it all eventually came down to the point where she told me that even though she would be upset about it, she’d stop hanging out with him just to see me stop stressing out and getting upset about it. I told her no because I don’t want to be THAT boyfriend that refuses her to hangout with anyone. I trust her and she told me that she wouldn’t let him try anything if he ever does and that when they hangout she doesn’t sit right next to him and they just chill out. I can’t help but stress out at times when she tells me she’s hanging out with them. It has come down to me wanting to ask if it’s just him or the both of them since I feel calmer knowing it’s the three of them since I know the other guy pretty well. I want ask for advice in a situation like this because I have a bad past with girls treating me bad but this one has been so amazing the past three years that I don’t want to mess it up. They still hangout but I still stress out when she walks out that door knowing she’s hanging out with a guy that has a crush on her. What do I do?