Within the last few days my girlfriend stopped being the way she usually has been for the last 8 months we've been seeing each other. Her texts and actions seem to be very off and I'm trying to play it off like I don't care but really I'm very much offended and affected by her actions. Her texts don't seem engaging as much. She seems to say something just to reply.. not really to engage in conversation. She doesn't appear to want to see me as much anymore (we usually see each other literally everyday but she hasn't been dying to see me like she usually does). She seems to be more and more annoyed by my constant affection. For example, we were laying on the couch and sometimes I'll just look at her and go "Hey. I love you." and she just doesn't respond and says "watch" while the show is playing. Later that day, she texted me that she can never just "chill out" at my house because I'm always trying to talk to her and I didn't see anything wrong with that. Towards the end of us hanging out the next day she said, "I have to go to work in 2 minutes keep playing the show!" and then I'm like "Okay. Come lay next to me for those last 2 minutes" and she's like "no I have to go to work in 2 minutes" and then she got annoyed with me and she went off at me in the car and said some things that are just starting to hit me this morning. The night before she said she was staying until 11:30 PM and I'm like "come onnn stay until midnight!" and she eventually said "Okay fine" and then when I was driving her to work the next day she said "the only reason I stayed longer was hoping you'd get off my back the next day." And she also said she wouldn't be coming back after work because she had reading to do for a class, and I said "come back and do it with me. i'll get some homework too" and then she (in my opinion, unrightfully) called me needy for that. I just feel like there's something really off. Do I just need to give her space? Why is she texting me half-ass texts? Why isn't she dying to see me anymore? Is it possible I give too much love and I should not?