Ok so after going through something traumatic that I unfortunately didn’t get any help for afterwards I started gaining a lot of weight. Gained about 10kgs in a couple of months. I was the heaviest I’ve ever been. After that I decided to hit up the gym to reach my goal weight which I did about 4 months later. I worked hard and now all that weight plus more is coming out and I couldn’t be happier. My partner never cared I went to the gym but he kept saying why was I trying to lose weight when I looked fine and he likes my body when it’s chubbier (I’m not even super skinny either) and whatnot. I always ignored him because I know he always has to complain about something and I just kept going to the gym. After a while I began to get very confident and found the community on reddit where people would post progress pictures and I was so happy so see all these different people hitting their goal weight and what not. I thought I would post a photo of me in my bikini and the other one I was at the beach where I was bigger. Got showered with compliments and the obviously creepy people messaging me which I would just ignored. I felt happy someone was at least cheering me on, something my partner never does. This morning I got up to go to the gym and he started going off at me. “Stop posting those photos at reddit you only want attention from seedy guys” I told him to leave me alone and told him to not go through my phone again. He kept going “you think I didn’t see those messages you were getting? I’m so sick of you posting crap like that on the internet”. Everytime I post a photo I always scribble out my face because I feel super uncomfortable with people knowing what my face looks like and I do it to protect myself also. I turned to him really upset and said “maybe if you were nicer and paid attention to me I wouldn’t need strangers validation. How long has it been since you fucked me?” And he just got shitty and I just walked out to my car. I know I shouldn’t be posting photos but what harm does it do? I just want people to appreciate all the hard work I put into making myself look good again.