So long story short me and one of my guy friends have known each other for about 4 years now. We originally met in bible study but never talked. I think we saw each other an average of once a year if that. We ran into each other at a mutual friends wedding where he invited me to dance. That was in  October of 2018. We sat at the same table and we joked around with each other. He waited for me to finish eating before going inside. We got to catch up and talk about life, work, and etc... finally when is was time for everybody to hit the dance floor. We with my friend that I car pooled with danced in a for a bit and then this one slow song came and I left the dance floor (I do not do good dancing in public). My friend that I car pooled with ran off and danced with some guy. My guy friend asked me if I wanted to dance with him so I said yeah. We went ahead and danced but it was super crowded so I danced us out of the crowd then we danced back in (it was interesting lol). I later ran into him at a concert in February of 2019 and then we had brunch with his brother in the summer (they shared the same car). We met about once a month to catch up and hang out. He even invited me to his bible study. He is super vulnerable with me (surprisingly). He even told me about his dating life and about a recent break up he went through. He would have told me before but I was on a trip so he told me when I got back. We usually go to church together and then get lunch or dinner together. He also invited me to see a display of his in a show. We took pictures and hung out before Christmas break.   We’re at a point where we are starting over since we never were really friends than acquaintances to begin with. I’ve met his family already (at his brothers graduation). I was surprised about him sharing his dating history and stuff. He even invited me to join his bible study and to come to an event him and his friends are going to show their work at. He even mentioned how he would like to have more of these hangouts regularly and hopefully long term in the future we still have these hangouts. He’s extremely open with me with I appreciate and we’re very comfortable each other and can be weird. I made sure last dinner that we take turns initiating the hangouts and he as fine with that. I wrote a letter for thanksgiving and he really appreciated it. He invited me to his bible study a couple of weeks ago and I went the next day and enjoyed it. After it was over we talked briefly and he actually kept his promise to initiate the hang out. He said how we should hang out and maybe get dinner or something. We couldn't pick a day because of time and stuff. He invited me last time and I went and I guess I officially joined. He added me to their group chat. We finally agreed to hang out before he travels. I feel he doesn't like me more than a friend. He is really nice to me and a great friend. I already have met his family before (at his brothers graduation). I am still confused as to what he means he'd like to do more of these long term. Some friends say we are just friends and some say he's probably interested. I've never had a guy ever like me before so it's confusing. However, he’s a very nice guy in general and I don’t want to confuse him being nice for interested. What do y’all think?