I 28F was in a relationship with this guy 30M for two months. We met online. And I realized he made white lies sometimes. After a few dates, he asked about serious stuff, which at that times made me feel a bit weird. So I initiated the conversation about what kind of relationship we wanted to be. We ended up being FWB. Then he helped me a lot during the weekends including moving, picking up and installing furniture for my new startup, and installing the carpet (this took the whole day). Then he also gave me gift for Grand Opening. But we had fight after that because as I know his past relationships sound fishy to me. He used to sleep with his ex who was in a new relationship. She might get drunk, went to his house, had sex and left. He also had a 6-month of intense hookup with this woman, that he said he had to go down a lot to turn her on; she never went down on him. During our time, he also send nudes with another ex, who was engaged. He said she sent him her nude and complimented him a lot, initiated to get laid again before she is officially married. He said they didn’t end up hooking up. At the time we were together, he also text this girl, who seems to be a friend - Lisa. The last time we hung out, I asked if he had romantic feeling towards Lisa. He said he had crush with her while she worked at his company and he told her when they hung out once. Then I asked the same question if he had feelings for me. He said no. After that I was supportive he could be brave and ask her out no matter what. He seemed weirded out. The next day when I get my sti result, I knew I got herpes I from him. That is when I got really mad and I created a huge fight and I included her a few times. I think I was attached to him because he helped me during my hard time. It also hurts my ego when he was maybe rejected by her and still harbored a feeling. And he had no feelings for me as said. Now after my anger was released. I wanted to be platonic friends with him. He already blocked me on everything while I was angry and throwing shit on social media. Any advice? Thank you.