Long story short, I broke up with my girlfriend of a year and a half. It was over something we disagreed with (how to raise our kids). She preferred to be a stay at home mom until they no longer needed a mom around 24/7, and assuming we had the 4 kids we planned, as quick as possible, that's still a minimum of 8 years as myself being the sole income for the family. I told her that I just couldn't see myself being the sole income for so long and that my stress levels would be through the roof, and we couldn't form a compromise since we were both set on what we wanted our future to look like. They didn't mix, and it all unfolded yesterday when I said that maybe it just wasn't meant to be. We scheduled a day to return each other's stuff (she has a few pairs of my shoes, I have a sweater of hers, etc.) and that's it. I put everything that I had in a drawer (keychain, blanket, photos, etc.) and we stopped texting that night. This morning I wake up, recognize I'm single and just continue with my day and obviously it's the only thing on my mind, and I just want to text her and ask a few more questions to clarify if it truly would never work, or if a couple things were misunderstood (ex: she plans on going right back to work after the kids are at a decent age or she can work a side job while she's a stay at home). But I also just feel like it's my brain trying to convince me that I NEED her and that I'll do anything for it to work. I'm not used to not having someone to text, there's a void, is it my need to fill that void that makes me want to text her one last time to make sure that we disagree completely? Or am I genuinely trying to make things work? I have all our photos backed up on my computer, and they're in a folder so that way I have to click a few buttons to actually see them, but I just can't delete them completely as of right now because it still doesn't feel real. Maybe this sub can help me think of a compromise? If I got a high paying job then I wouldn't care that she was a stay at home mom, but I just don't see myself getting a very good job right out of college. Please ask questions if you need more info, I'm not crying or anything but I'm also scared of the common "theme" of break-ups where the male doesn't feel anything until like a month later, while the girl feels everything right at the beginning and is "fine" a month later. Any words are helpful.