I'm a 21 F . So I'v been abused from family and past relationships as well as used for my kindness from both past relationships and friends. In the past 5 monthes or so I have  met this amazing man who has helped lift me up in ways I didnt think I could reach. A little back story I met him threw his friend and we connected really well and decided to take things slow and feel out a relationship together. He is the definition of a free spirit. He needs plenty of space to enjoy his hobbies and take well needed time to himself and I respect that immensely. We have both come from very unhealthy relationships and pasts and wanted to change that. We support each other very much with all of our hobbies and lifting each other up and are there for each other when we need it.I have expressed this from the very beginning when I met him, I am completely ok with an open relationship. I like both guys and girls I love to have some fun every once in a while. He expressed to me that somthing he has figured out from his past relationships is that he loves being with wemon. He wants a serious relationship but he feels that his other relationships on his side of things have gone as badly as they have because out of respect for his girlfriend he completely stops talking to other girls and even unfollows every girl on all of his social medias and that eventually he isolates himself and becomes depressed. I can understand where he is coming from because me and him are very very social people and it hurts us mentally to not talk to or be around people. Me and him have agreed that he is starting to shut himself off and become less affectionate, and more down in the dumps. He said it's not that he wants multiple relationships but that he loves to have fun and I'm completely ok with that, I like that sort of thing as well. But recently because we have been quoranteening our self's because of every thing going on, I'm questioning my self and losing all of the  confidence in my self that has taken me a cupple years to build up. (even though I have made immense improvements ) I'm afraid that that I'm not pretty enuf or that I'm just to plane jane for my rocker boy. And I know that alot of this is coming from my depression and from trama and I'm trying not to let it win because he tells me he cares for me very much and is trying to work on it, it's just hard for me to not have the constant affection and to give space and every day my depression and low self esteem is eating me away but I dont want to be that any more and I dont really want to talk about it because I feel so weak and needy. Space and independence is just super hard for me because iv always been dependent on other people even though I dont want to and this adjustment period is killing me mentally. I would like some advice for my end of the situation with dealing with how I'm feeling. And sorry this is so long it's my first post and I needed to get this jumbled mess off my chest.