Okay, so my ex [20F] and I [19M] dated years ago, back in high school. She ended up breaking up with me after about a year and a half roughly, it was tough for a while and I tried dating other women and I wasn't very interested, I just couldn't get her off my mind. Anyway after about a year of no contact we talked for a little bit again and she seemed very uninterested and I asked her and she agreed that she isn't very interested. Anyway we fell off again and I deleted her number and everything, but then a few days back she texted me to check up. (Our cat died that day)... so she has been seeming like she may be lonely because of the quarantine. It's hard to tell but she has been trying to talk not stop, trying to facetime etc. It seems as if she is taking her time but trying to bond again, because before I was the one trying to talk to her every day and she would hardly answer back (also frequently ghosting me back when she admitted she didn't reciprocate feelings anymore), but now she texts me in the morning as soon as she wakes up and tries to FT me late night to talk before bed. I've just been playing it cool for now... but she's really giving me that vibe as if she is trying to ease back into the relationship. She mentioned her lack of romance right now, and the fact she attracts older men but no one her age seems interested... but she did mention someone to me yesterday that she works with, and he essentially said (first day working together I think?) "I want to be your friend, maybe even have a relationship with you later." After she mentioned this I could tell I was feeling jealous, but it's not my business to care... anyway what should I do? Should I fall back? Should I just keep playing it cool? Its going to hurt if she friend zones me for this guy, but when I asked her why she hasn't pursued him she said "well we're supposed to hang out I think he's cute, but he doesn't speak English very well... I don't know I'm not *that* interested in him". Anyway, if you did read this I appreciate you; if you have any advice, I thank you in advance.