Short story shorter, my partner(F) and I(M) dated for 2 years. We've had our ups and downs and in a very sketchy way, we made our relationship non-monogamous. You see, i broke up with her in the past, she left and a few days layer, feeling guilty i reached out (text) and tried to work things out. After we got back together she confessed that over the couple days that we were broken up she felt lonely and undesired so she sexted a friend. Low blow of her to mention that after we were "happy" again but it strangely turned me on and i was weirdly glad that she got a bit of a boost in self-esteem. I said it was ok and i let her continue and eventually they hooked up a couple of times. She hooked up with other friends as well and had a threesome with her female friend and boyfriend. All throughout this all i've gotten was detailed descriptions of the events which in all transparency turn me on but have never participated. The main rules to all this that the persons we hook up with shouldn't be strangers, but friends or people we at least know at a basic friend level. And safe sex of course above all. we tell each other when we gained interest in someone and when someone expressed interest in us. We would say if we were planning something ahead of time and what it would be and also inform when it was about to happen and then details of it later. Recently she told me she liked a cousin of a friend. I said sure go for it and she took his virginity. She kept me informed, i thought i was ok with it because she was seemingly following the rules and although i was slightly disappointed that no one had shown interest in me, i was glad she was enjoying it. She then followed up another day saying she finally found someone that would properly make her cum and i assumed it was the same guy. She said no it was another cousin of that same friend. I was taken back because she had never mentioned him before and when i asked more questions she described what she did and that she had been attracted to him for a long time now but it was the first time i ever heard of this guy. She said she drove him home and asked if he wanted to do something so they did everything except penetration. I was livid as she totally blind sided me and then i realized and felt that i was being taken advantage of. I blew up over text and ended things with her. There's more context to it but this is basically what directly led to the end of the relationship. Advice and input on the matter?