So first of all, I love having sex with my wife, and I want her to feel good about herself and be healthy more than anything, we've been together 8 years, we have a daughter, and I've suspected the birth control is a problem for her health for a long time. She's been on the pill for about 7 years and missed enough that we've had a couple scares, and I've always been lightly sexually frustrated with our every other week routine, but boy when she's off the pill, it's every day of the week. I also fucking hate condoms, now this is part physical and part psychological and ladies, I don't know how to describe to you how condoms feel, but I imagine it would be like injecting a numbing agent into your clit before you have sex. Without condoms I'd say I maintain until she gets off, and then i'm ready to finish for her within a minute 7/10 times, although sometimes I come up short. Really, my whole approach to sex is i'm not having fun if she's not getting her rocks off, if I feel like she's not, kills it for me. When I throw a condom on, it fucks me up totally, now part of it is my real fetish is ... fertility, doing as God intended, MAKING BABIES, which is why i'm worried getting snipped will fuck me up a bit, but that's kind of beside the point, because it apparently doesn't fuck with me when she's on the pill, and I would genuinely rather get snipped for her physical health, and the health of our sex life, but I want one more biological kid, and I don't wanna fuck that up either, which is why i'm not a huge fan of suggesting an IUD because I don't trust it, for her health, or the potential health of our prospective future child. I don't know what to do. I just want my wife to be healthy, I want us to have a healthy sex life, and I don't want to jeopardize a future child, and I know i'm the worst for having this big problem with condoms but ... every time we have sex with a condom, it ends with me not finishing, and her being 20 minutes post orgasm and obviously done with my sweaty humping. Anybody else have any experience with this?