Throwaway. I (19F) am in my fourth semester of college. When I first started, I was talking to a guy. We hung out a little and kissed once, and then stopped talking because he got busy and I found it really difficult to connect to him as person. Since then, I dated someone seriously for a year. We broke up about 3 months ago because he transferred to a different school and we decided it would be better to break up and stay friends instead of trying to do long-distance and have it go badly. I still talk to my ex around once a week, and although I am getting better every day I am not 100% over him. I had pretty much forgotten about the first guy, but he randomly texted me about a week back asking how I was doing. Long story short, we both clarified we were (fairly) newly single and hooked up. He has definitely changed since we last spoke, it's much easier to talk to him HOWEVER I know for a fact that he and I would not be compatible in a relationship. I am physically attracted to him but I do not see the emotional connection ever happening. I know we are on the same page about neither of us wanting a relationship, but he did say some stuff about "if he was in a friends with benefits situation, he would probably be the one to catch feelings first." After he left, he texted me and it's clear he wants this to be a recurring thing, which is basically friends with benefits. I've never done this before but I think I know how it works- we should keep our communication minimal outside of hook-ups, not get too close to each other as people and be okay with non-exclusivity. I don't think I will have issues with this, and I feel it might actually be a good way for me to get over my ex and think of him more platonically. I am, however, worried that it will be difficult to draw boundaries between us being actual friends and us being FWB. He has said some stuff about how it was good catching up and is also making conversation over text, and I don't want to be rude but it's probably not a good idea for us to meet up or hang out outside of hookups. Has anyone had any experiences with this? Any advice?