My boyfriend (34M) and I (24F) have been together for almost a year. He is a really sweet guy, I really love everything about him, however we have constant issues because of his ex girlfriend. He dated his ex (33F) for 6 years. He lived with her and her kids, who are not his kids. The kids don't know who their fathers are (2 different dads) and they're both not in the picture, we met 2 months after they broke up and he had moved out to his own house. She still expected him to go take care of the kids and take them to practice. When I found out after a couple dates, I told him that it was great meeting him and that I really liked him, but the kids situation isn't something I can compromise on. He didn't want to lose me so he told me that its something he himself is working on to slowly cut ties with them but he had to have a last conversation with the boys. Then months went by, and I thought he was not seeing them or talking to them but that was a lie. He told me that she called him at work and called him a pu\*\*y because he is the only father the kids know, and made him feel guilty. She knows that he has a really kind heart and always makes him guilty to manipulate him. at that point in the relationship, I was so attached to him, he treated me so well, we have great chemistry, I accepted the kids in his life but didn't want him to have contact with his ex. We later find out she has been creeping on his facebook and instagram account because she guessed his password, there was a lot of back and forth between me and her and It slowly ruined our relationship to the point that he resent me and one day I was over at his house, he gets a call from his ex's mom that says that she needs him. I freaked out and told him not to leave, we got into a huge argument that ended up with him calling the cops and removing me from his house and going over to her house because her child had a problem at school. A month and a half later we got back together, I told him that the only way I would get back with him is if he set a schedule with her to see the kids twice a month and communicated through her oldest son (who is a teenager) and had absolutely no contact wit her. He agreed and promised to make it up to me. Its been 3 months and he already broke that promise twice, but used lockdown as an excuse. I have no kids of my own and I am so worried about the possibility of us having a family together when he constantly chooses them over me, I also cannot fully forgive him for calling the cops on me and going over to her house. I feel like he can never say no to her, and never puts his foot down with her because he's afraid she won't let him see the kids again. He has apologized so much, he is a really good person, but this situation is coming in the way of our relationship.