We broke up in January, patched things up a bit but I broke up with him finally a few days ago and the reason why this break up thing dragged for so long was because I was unsure of wanting a break up. For a month, I couldn't really chat or videocall with him because I'm not myself. My mental health was out of place and I didn't want to end things just because I wasn't in the right mind. We live an hour apart during this quarantine. Two hours apart when I'm working in the capital city. Whenever we see each other, I was cold to him. He told me that he noticed that it seems like I've been not feeling well to be in the relationship. A few days ago, I broke up his hope that I would be back for him. I didn't want his hopes to be up as I'm not really in a good mental state. I think it was the most sane decision I could make because if things so bad, I thought that he'd be affected too. I didn't want to reel him in to a toxic relationship that would just not be good for the both of us. It was a hard decision for me to do because I really want to be with him. I'm not sure if what I truly want because I feel like my mind is splitting up. I'm not handling this childhood trauma of mine well and I'm having a mental crisis. I've been crying for days now because of it, insomniac for days now partially because of it (quarantine is to blame i guess). How nice of a guy is he? I could say that he's somehow what romance novels describes the main guy to be. I actually don't have any complaints with anything while I was physically with him. I'm not sure what caused me to change but at this moment I'm back to my old self, that's why I'm writing everything here. My mind is cracking up. I feel so unsafe and hostile when he messages me online but I do like when he's beside me. It's like a different personality of me isn't comfortable around him. I'm not really diagnosed professionally so I don't want to claim that I have DID but it feels like that what happened. I'm confused why am I like this. I need some hug.