I met my boyfriend in treatment. I was in treatment for incredibly bad depression and anxiety. He was in for alcoholism. I don’t have any substance abuse issues but drink casually and will occasionally do a line of coke or molly if I’m at a concert, but I don’t have any dependency issues. He was in for alcoholism, which he claims he’s not, but I don’t know anymore. I fell so head over heels for this man. Like I love everything about him. He’s been staying with me for a little bit, and has been drinking. I choose to not police his actions, but am starting to think that’s a mistake. Today, he started drinking at 1 pm after at like 8 am when he said he wasn’t drinking anymore. We had a good day, we went to the beach with his friends. I was DD. I bought us a really nice dinner. We get home, and I left for about an hour to run a few errands and pick up dinner. I get home and he is WASTED. I try to not let it bother me, but I was visibly upset. He kept spilling the food, couldn’t even get the fork in his mouth because he was so fucking wasted. He then threatened to leave me and I was like what did I do. I repeated the same question over and over and he didn’t have an answer, because I didn’t do anything. He then drunk says “I could fuck you up so bad right now” and I said “okay do it” and he fucking rips the table cloth off. All our food and dishes and my flowers in a vase went flying. Just everywhere. It doesn’t help he has a battery charge on his ex girlfriend. He has had an answer to everything, but when he pulled the table cloth, I legit was scared. It felt so scary and it was the first time I’ve ever felt afraid of him. He claimed the battery charge was a hoax, and to be fair charges were never filed, I wanna be the cool girlfriend who doesn’t police drinking and doesn’t judge him for his past mistakes. He’s currently asleep in the living room. I’m legitmantly chugging vodka as I type this because I’m fucking terrified of him and don’t know what I did to deserve him threatening me or pulling the table cloth off with such force. Should I be worried? I know this is a classic cliche Reddit post but I’m crying and drunk and scared he seriously might hurt me. All I know is that I love him so much but I can’t get over him ripping the tablecloth and not having an answer for me why he was mad, he just was mad at life and took it out on me