My boyfriend and I met about a year and a half ago, and made things official about 6 months ago. Our relationship has been almost entirely easy, loving, supportive, and all-around wonderful despite intimacy issues he has bc of his abusive parents. In January, we went on a break (for about 2 days) because he was conflicted and said he had unresolved feelings for a female friend. After the two days, he said he wanted to be together and work on our relationship, which is what I had wanted. He was very apologetic for everything he put me through during that time, during and after, and I believe him. He was also extremely affectionate for a while after, which is pretty normal for us. I had told him I was ok with him staying friends with this female friend, as long as it was strictly platonic. We've been going to couples therapy occasionally and last week, he said he had decided to cut that female friend out of his life because of her manipulative behavior toward him (she kissed him while we were together, had been texting him that she loved him after he got back together with me, only became romantically forward with him after he started dating me, and got angry and disdainful toward him when he told her he wanted to work things out with me). Her manipulative behavior was easy for me to see, but it took him a long time to realize, probably since they have an intense bond over commiserating over their shared childhood trauma. Even though I was ok with them staying friends, I was relieved when he said this. Because of COVID-19, he's been trapped in his abusive parents' house. He's also gotten extremely depressed since this has happened. I've been reaching out a lot, scared for him and trying to be supportive. He told me today that he had been having second thoughts about our relationship. He told me it felt weird not having this female friend in his life. He told me that he feels like there's a lack of tenderness in our relationship, and he sometimes feels like there's a barrier between us. I told him that I try to communicate tenderness by saying I love you and other cute, affectionate things. He suggested that my anxiety might be contributing to our communication problems, which he might be right about- I sometimes don't disclose my feelings out of fear it will push him away. However, he also said he wasn't feeling like being affectionate at the moment, and I told him I would hold off on the cute, romantic stuff for a bit. Him saying he feels like there's a lack of tenderness but also that he doesn't want to be affectionate is really confusing to me. I'm also really concerned that he misses his female friend, who I and most people I've talked to agree is toxic. I don't want to lose him since 99.9% of our relationship has been beautiful and wonderful, I'm confused, scared, and sad, and I don't know what to do.