Hey guys, I’m gonna try to make this short but I’m not great at that. So, I moved to Mississippi from PA to be with a girl I went to high school with. We kinda jumped into the relationship long distance without truly getting to know eachother 100%. I got a job down here immediately and she lost hers. I was supposed to be able to sleep at her fathers house but when I got here she failed to tell him about my existence till I was only hours away, so naturally he wasn’t gonna fly with that. I was homeless for about a month but I had gotten enough money for an apartment, we moved in together and I got her a job where I work. We started having issues when I one day asked her who all these guys on her snap were and she explained that every guy on her Snapchat she had no idea who they were but her sister apparently added them all, and they didn’t bother her so she didn’t see the point in deleting them. I noticed that she quite frankly had been talking to all of these men quite sexually and often right before we started dating. No from my knowledge she wasn’t texting them after. Between Facebook and Snapchat. We got into it multiple times about it and I was very calm about it but she was very rude and insisted we just not talked about it. It just seemed off to me why you’d be in a relationship with me and have about 100 guys on your snap, many of them posting stories everyday doing very sexual things (masterbating, screwing themselves with dildos, pissing on themselves) it was just very gross to me and was a little shocking. She eventually deleted all of those guys still a promising she never talked to them even though there was many conversations and pictures of these men saved on her phone so naturally I didn’t believe her but decided to forgive because she wasn’t interacting with them (to my knowledge). That was our only really big fight but created many small fights. I’m not controlling in anyway, she has friends, family, and people from PA she still talked to often. I only have my mother back home and nobody else to talk too. I work 7 days a week and sometimes find it hard to deal with things like that. Last night she said she had to go outside to have a private conversation with a friend and she came back after 30 minutes and continued the rest of the convo. I asked what was so important that I couldn’t know when she knows every piece of my personal information. She just told me “I wish I could tell you” and then was pushing me around trying to be playful afterwords. I wasn’t particularly happy about it cause I don’t keep any secrets. Then she tried telling me that she told me what she had talked to her friend about when that never happened. These things make it hard for me to trust her whenever she gets the slightest bit annoyed she takes it out on me. (Being rude, not wanting anything to do with me, or just talking to everyone else but me about what’s going on) we’ve only been dating for 3 months but I just felt like this was to many red flags for me to ignore. I tried explaining to her how I felt about everything and she immediately started swearing and egging me on to fight with her. But I stayed super civil, no rude remarks, no swearing, nothing but trying to explain my end. She doesn’t seem to understand at all why things upset me and doesn’t ever really even give anything more than sorry whenever she does something that upsets me. Anytime I’ve upset her or not totally understood what she was saying I took as much time as I could trying to be caring and apologize in a meaningful way. I just felt like it was a losing battle because I just started feeling more doubt than ever. So now she’s packing her things and leaving, and I’m not sure if I can afford my place by myself and if I can I’m not sure I’ll be able to afford food. I just wanna be happy again. I’ve suffered with depression and anxiety my entire life and I feel like the end is always so close but so far away. I just wish I understood how to feel or what to do so I can live my best life, but as the years pass it seems nothing makes me happy anymore. I’ve spent all of my dating life just trying to make everyone else happy and make everyone else’s lives better even my friends. Now all of my close friends have passed away. So I really have nobody to trust. I’m so young but I just feel like sometimes on the inside I’m screaming for it all to end even though I hold it together pretty well on the outside. Can someone please give me some words of wisdom?