So I've been dating my boyfriend for about 1.5 years. About 4 months ago he started a private instagram account where he would post pictures of me in my bra and underwear, or anything else that get a variety of fetish groups interested in me. He talked to all these people online while pretending to be me. He told me about it once someone offered him money if I would send them personal pictures or videos. At the time I was really low on cash and so was he so he convinced me to do it. We kept doing it for about 2 months. He made over 600 dollars off of pictures and he gave me 40% saying he deserved the majority of the money because he was running the account and talking to these people. Throughout these months I would comment about how I didn't want to do it anymore, or how I was thinking about stopping it because honestly all the comments people were leaving were making me feel really self-conscious. I felt dirty for having my pictures out there. However, everytime I tried to bring up how I want to stop he would always get upset, saying this was how he was getting money and how he needed it. Just a couple weeks ago I told him I would no longer put pictures up because at that point I had started to develop an ED because of how self-conscious I had become. I thought it would be all over and that I could put everything behind me, but now he is bringing up using the account to get guys to give him weapons and such on CSGO. I told him I was not comfortable with him pretending to be, I didnt want him to trade pictures of me for loot, it's just weird for me and I dont want this to happen. I told him this and he just goes against me and says that the game makes him super happy and now that I'm not selling my pictures online he has no money to buy what he wants on the games. I honestly dont know what to do at this point. I cant even delete the instagram account with all my pictures on it because he would be upset, he told me not too because he "likes talking to one of the guys on it". He told me to just delete the account off my phone and he would deal with everything but I'm scared to do that because I think he might try to contniue selling my pictures without me knowing. I'm honestly lost on what to do. How can I make this stop. Everytime I bring up wanting this to all end he just gets upset and tells me hoe it would make him so happy if I would allow him or if I would continue. With the whole corona thing going on he lost his job and now he has been pressuring me even more to try to get back into it. I really love him and he has been an amazing boyfriend other then this. I like to make him happy and I hate to see him upset, but I dont want to sacrifice myself for his satisfaction of a game. P.S we are both in college so he doesnt pay rent or anything. He just wants money to gets stuff for CSGO