Hi everyone. I’m not sure if posting here will make me feel any better but I don’t know what else to do. I’m really confused. I’m currently a little over 36 weeks pregnant. Things were going amazing with my husband and I (we just got married this past Xmas eve for health insurance reasons). We’ve been friends for a decade, we met in college and he has always wanted to be more than friends and tried for years but I wasn’t into it — I had a boyfriend for half of that time and never gave my now husband a chance because I didn’t want to ruin our friendship. He was crushed back in the day when I wouldn’t be “more than friends”. Fast forward to last year, I broke up with my long term boyfriend and my now husband and I started hanging out. One drunken night led to us having unprotected sex (we had hooked up before using condoms) however I did take plan B the next day so I thought I was fine. I ended up getting pregnant and I was beyond scared and freaked out at first. But knowing my husband for ten years and loving him, we decided to dive right in and go for it and raise the baby together. We were pretty much in a relationship from that point on and although I felt guilty about jumping into it so soon after my break up with my ex, I was honestly really happy. I’ve always wanted kids and my husband is an amazing person. We also decided to buy a house together because we had the money and were both tired of renting. Then we got married about a month ago. I know this all sounds very fast (it totally was) and crazy, but we’ve known each other for so long and everything felt right. I was genuinely the happiest I had been in so long and as scared as I am to have a baby I was/am so excited. Everything was going great. I had always known my husband has spells of anxiety and depression since we’ve had many talks about this before but I hadn’t been involved with him romantically before so it didn’t effect me as much. Now fast forward to last week, my husband tells me he’s feeling really anxious and not good. Then about two days later, he comes home from work and I can tell he’s super anxious and not doing good. I can tell something is on his mind.... I beg him to tell me what’s wrong. He tells me he doesn’t want me to think he’s weird, but when he was 10 years old he and his friend grabbed each other’s dicks. He was embarrassed about it and started thinking about it because we watched that Aaron Hernandez documentary on Netflix and it triggered him because they talk about him messing around with other guys. It was so out of left field... my initial response was that it’s not a big deal, pretty much all kids do stuff like that when they’re younger and it’s normal to be curious as a kid. But then I started feeling really confused, like why are you telling me this? We have a baby on the way and have so many other things to be stressed out about, and he’s stressing about something gay he did almost 20 years ago. I asked if he was trying to tell me that there’s more to the story or he was interested in guys and he assured me absolutely not, but I am still so perplexed by it. Maybe this particular thing just triggered him to have an overall anxiety breakdown and he’s just fixating on this one thing. Btw, I also want to say that I have absolutely no issue with anyone being gay, I have plenty of gay/lesbian friends and love them all. I’m just curious if I am overreacting and making things worse in my mind, or if anyone thinks he may have been trying to tell me something else? I’m so anxious that he might have been trying to tell me something else. I’m also really hormonal and emotional as I am super pregnant so I might not be thinking clearly. I know anxiety and depression are very real things and I want to be there to help him, but deep down I feel insecure in my own relationship now. I was so excited for the birth of our baby but the past week or so he has been so down and anxious and now I’m curious if he’s having doubts, or maybe questioning his sexuality. It’s just so confusing because he’s been trying to be with me for almost ten years. And now that we’re together and having a child, he suddenly seems so unhappy. Sorry for the rant and any input is appreciated.