ThrowRA account, too many of my friends know I’m on here.  I’m 40f, attractive and pretty fit. I’m fiercely independent, own a small business and am financially secure.  That being said, I am good friends with a guy from high school, we’ve never been more than platonic.  Way back in 1998, he was super drunk and had literally just broke off his engagement. In this hot mess state, he confessed that he was “so in love” with me in hs. I chalked it off bc he was in really rough shape, honestly didn’t think he’d remember even saying it.  Things went back to normal. Fast forward to about 5 years ago. He’s now married and although I tolerate his wife (to keep the peace), I legit cannot stand her.  She has no idea I hate her bc I am always friendly.  She is an awful human being.  Constantly belittles him in the presence of friends, literally posts derogatory things about him on social media and is fake AF, ugh... hate the bitch. Now I know she’s threatened by me, it’s very obvious. So, here’s where I need your opinions... be brutally honest, I’m no lightweight.  He and I text often, at least once a week.  We always communicate on social media by way of likes or comments. Never anything inappropriate, no flirting, nothing. Suddenly, he ghosts me on the texting front but still communicates on social media.  Now, AS SOON as he likes or comments, she’s instantly on my top 4. Not to mention, she comments that she misses me (Covid house arrest atm), posts include “you’re so beautiful” or “I’m so lucky we’re friends”. I’m over here like WTF? The jist, he’ll ghost me for a minute but ultimately, he texts again.  So, this dude truly loves me, she knows it & is threatened AF? Right? I’m apparently like a drug bc he can’t NOT have me in his life. The best part... every single post of hers (lately) goes something like this... “he’s the love of my life”, “I’m so lucky in love”, “soulmates”.  I’m assuming his marriage is over and something tells me I am most definitely something they argue about.   Am I wrong?  I promise I’ve never alluded to anything more than friendship but yes, if given the opportunity now... I’d absolutely date him. Am I wrong on my gut feelings here? Judge away.. need opinions.