I'm sorry if this is long, but I'm so frustrated and have no one I can really talk to about this. I need some advice on how to deal with this situation. For a bit of background I (30f) have been living with my parents for my whole life. I think I have suffered from depression for a long time, and only last year did I seek therapy to try to help myself. I graduated from college, but never was able to get a steady job. Because of this, I wasn't able to move out because I didn't have a steady income. My family is also Indian, so it wasn't that weird that I was living with them. I don't have friends and basically didn't leave the house for a good 2-3 years. I started therapy last year, and it helped a little bit, I started changing my perspective and help me deal with my issues. Also around this time, I met a guy who I started dating and fell in love with. My parents found out that I was dating him and gave me an ultimatum that it was either him or them. My boyfriend is Black and they have a problem with that. They forced me to break up, and it devastated me. My boyfriend and I never really lost contact, and we still love each other and want to get back together. I am working and trying to move out, but my mom told me that she will follow me around and spy on me.  I am not allowed to date unless its an Indian they have approved of, and I am not allowed to hang out with anyone or stay out after 10pm unless its work or school. I'm basically not allowed to leave the house unless its for school (I'm getting my nursing license at the community college) or for work. I don't know what to do? Im also kinda putting up with this because I have a sister who is 15 and I'm really close to her. Im afraid if they find out I'm still with him they will cut me off of my family, and never let me talk or see my sister ever again. They said that this is reasonable reaction because I did something horrible. I love them, and don't want them to be unhappy because of me, but I love my boyfriend so much and this is the happiest I've been my whole life. I just want to date him and see where this goes without loosing my family. I also feel guilty sometimes for lying to them, but I just don't know what to do. He makes me happy, and I don't want to lose him. What should I do?