When I was growing up, I lived next door to a little girl the same age as me (gonna refer to her as Jane). We were both 6 years old. Our parents both divorced around the same time too (when we were around 12) so we also both moved out of our houses at the same time, but we kept in touch. We were inseparable and we basically saw each other everyday and hung around the same friend groups at school too. There was a lot of friend drama in our friend group growing up, and let's just say that out of all of us in the friend group Jane was the most promiscuous. She liked going out with guys a lot and always needed reassurance because she was so insecure. I haven't talked to her for 2 years now, because I found myself always sacrificing a lot of my time just to reassure a lot of her insecurities. During high school she'd call me at 3 AM in the morning because she broke up with a boyfriend, or she'd get upset while I was in college because she thought I didn't spend enough time with her (I take my studies really seriously while she never did). The defining moment of our friendship was when I got accepted to a university while she didn't (she didn't make the effort to apply anywhere), and our parents are really strict so I think her parents got really mad about that. Our parents would sometimes compare us to each other. She's not in good terms with her father after he realized that she wouldn't be pursuing college. Anyways, I'm wondering if I should reach out to her again. We have each other on snapchat and I notice that she likes to watch my stories a lot, while I could give less of a crap about her life. However, I do have a soft spot for her since we grew up together and I was always in her shadow. It's just that now that I look back throughout our friendship, I've always been the one making her feel better and her insecurities started to drain me emotionally as well. I miss her sometimes, but I know she's just going to use me again. She's disrespected my family before and yelled at my aunt and uncle during my graduation 2 years ago (my aunt was playing with her hair playfully because she thought her hair was pretty) and I thought that was uncalled for. She's really entitled and she was pretty spoiled growing up (her parents gave her everything), but I know deep down she has good intentions. I just got sick and tired of hearing her hook up stories after a while and she never seemed to grow up out of that phase in her life, and she always keeps getting hurt despite the advice I gave her when she would ask for it. Sometimes I question if I was really mistreated growing up and this is just my mind exaggerating the whole situation, but it really felt like I was. My life is so much better without her in it. I feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders after I stopped taking to her,  but our moms still keep in touch sometimes and her dad always likes my pictures and statuses. I think she's mad that I cut her off, but I honestly felt like I had to and I didn't know how else to say, "sorry, but I think you're a sucky person and you feed off of other people's emotional energy."