So to lay it out, my husband and I fell on some hard times and so we live with his parents, and we have a 2 year old son. My problem is mostly with my MIL. She always has something to say about how I feed and care for our son. I understand it might be a grandma thing or a maternal instinct on her part to feel the need to have an input in raising our son but I feel like I have had enough. Everything I do is always questioned. Example, just the other night I made dinner for our son like I do every night and he fought me on it he didn’t want to eat and he started to throw a tantrum. MIL comes out asks what’s wrong at this point I am frustrated I don’t want to interact with her I just need this kid to eat. She proceeds to pick him up “poor baby what’s wrong” I said he’s hungry but he doesn’t want to eat. She says “maybe it’s his teeth” (he’s a toddler he’s teething) I said maybe but he didn’t eat much at lunch so I know he’s hungry. She says maybe he wants some milk.. so I make him a milk, she tells me to warm the milk because “babies don’t like cold milk” so I warm it a bit as I hand him his sippy cup she says “ there you go baby nice and warm not ice cold how you usually get it” she proceeds to give him crackers he loves these crackers they are his go to snack and of course he eats them and the crying stops. She goes into this whole thing about how the crackers help his gums and I should let him eat the crackers. I kindly said no but he needs to eat his dinner I’m not going to let him eat junk. That’s where things turned. She then told me it doesn’t matter you can’t let him starve let him have his crackers, I stood firm and I said no he needs to eat dinner I am not going to give in and let him get his way, if he gets what he wants he’s going to think he can just throw a fit and mommy gives in. She says no no just let him have it as long as he eats that’s all that matters. Im sure I looked annoyed at this point and I stayed quiet she saw my face and said calm down. I should probably add that my husband was sitting next to me on the couch this whole time and hasn’t said a word. I sort of snapped at this point and I said “everyone likes to act like they know what’s best or what I should do in regards to (dear son) but I am the one that’s with him 24/7 I know what he needs I know when he’s hungry I know when it’s his teeth hurting I know when he’s being a brat and right now he’s being a brat! She stood there in silence my husband said nothing my father in law proceeds to come out and call my MIL back to their room and that was that. Fast forward to today I had a conversation with my husband about the situation and how I felt like I wish he’d speak up or back me up and he tells me I’m over reacting and to just let her say what she’s going to say because she’s our elder and she is not going to change. I proceed to tell him yes she is not going to change because no one ever tells her anything. We basically talked in circles and didn’t get anywhere. His mind set is that there is no point in telling her anything because he knows the way she is and he’s dealt with her his whole life. Am I wrong for wanting him to stand up for me? I don’t expect some grand gesture maybe just a “hey mom she’s got it” that’s all I’m asking for.