Try to keep this short, I’ve (30f) been with my long time boyfriend( 36m) for about 5 years and we’ve been having problems on and off. I have caught him 2 other times in the past 2 years doing strange things. I found emails to a porn site with him sending pictures of him self to multiple women. Then January I found him talking to another girl on instagram but nothing sexual..yet. It’s even happened where he has left his Bluetooth is on and it connects to the car speakers when we got into the car and the video name of porn and sound happen because he forgot to close it on his phone. We have had a dead bedroom for months it’s impossible to ever connect and get eachother to have sex. It’s got to the point of hitting rock bottom, the other night I went through his phone and found that he had downloaded a Grindr and had an account. I opened it and saw all this picture of him exposing his face and dick to shemales. He was messaging them his location as well asking about meeting up. I confronted him and he at first couldn’t explain why. He swears he’s never actually met up with anyone . I asked him if he was gay or bi and he said no. Then mentioned it could be a control thing. He’s is constantly working and comes home spends a long time in the shower and passes out so we really never spend anytime. He claims he’s tired depressed and going to fix things but he’s always on his phone looking up porn all times of the day. I told him that I’m done and he cried telling me he has a problem and wants to change. It’s been about a week and I don’t know if he’s changed. my mind is constantly racing about what he wants. His porn searches do not make since to our love and what we do in the bedroom. I’m an attractive women but it’s like he’s afraid to do things with me. At this point this could ruin him and I’m still trying to decide if this is worth it anymore. Do I want to keep dealing with the worry of him lying and having this secret online life. Is this Grindr thing just part of a porn addiction ? How does a man look at soooo much porn but can’t have sex with his girlfriend?