So, I guess thiswoyld need aome context before I ask... So both me and my boyfriend are on a fetish site. I joined qhen I was 18 and he joined when he met me (in november of last year). So I do have so pictures of myself, quite explicit ones but no nudes. I have always told him that it is okay to look but not touch, because I know there areattractive women out there that he will look at and I am fine with it as long asit doesn’t go any further than that. However recently I was deactivating my facebook and my messenger and I used his messenger on his phone to see if my profile picture and profile was deactivated (he has given me permission to go onhis phone and I never do because I trusted him). The first thing that pops up is a pretty explicit conversation between him and another girl, they are talking about what she is wearing and what I am wearing, and where she likes to be cum on... And she asks him to basically cheat on me (asks him to come hve sex with her and that I don’t need to know about it) and he says “what do you think 😛”. I read the entire conversation and was sick to my stomach and the start of the conversation was cut off as if there had been a previous conversation between them that he deleted. When I confronted him he said he was trying to get a girl for me (I never asked him to do that) and he completely ignores the part where she asks him to cheat on me. I told him I was hurt that he didn’t say NO and then just block her but instead they continued chatting. He has previously deleted every single conversation he has had with any girl in the past and to me it felt like he just forgot to delete this one. Anyways tonight I am rubbing his feet and he has his hands in his pants and I go to kiss him an he is looking at another girl’s profile. I ask to see what he ia watching because he closed the tab so fast when I went to kiss him. He said he was looking at my pictures but I didn’t believe him so I looked at his history and he has been browsing like 10 different profiles of other girls just that day and the further i to his history just tons and tons of other girls and never my profile. The porn he was watching also made me sad because all he is watching is girls that look nothing like me, so it makes me feel that maybe I am not his preference at all. Same with the girls profiles, they are nothing like my body type. It just hurt that he was looking at every single girl other than me. I know maybe it sounds dumb or whatever but since we moved in together in january I feel like he has just gotten used to me and no longer finds me exciting. Especially if he was talking to this other girl and looking at tons of other girls profiles. I know I said look but don’t touch, but it is different when it is porn vs other people you could potentially meet yaknow? I just feel really hurt currently and don’t know if I am in the right or wrong. I never thought I’d be jealous of porn but all of the stuff he watches just makes me insecure. We would sometimes watch porn together and I used to be fine with him watching porn (as I should be, it is totally normal). I ws just sad to see that not once in the past month or two has he looked at my pictures, when he is at work etc, instead he looks at other girls and I know for a fact that he masturbatea at work and it isn’t to my pictures, but someone else. Sorry I know this had been a rant and I apologize if there are any typos, english is my second language and I am just pretty riled up right now. I just feel hurt and dissapointed, probably moreso than jealous if I’m being really honest. I have been honest to him about how it made me feel and he just sort of giggled at me and told me that what he is doing isn’t illegal and that he is a man. Am I overreacting or what? I just feel so sad about this.