My stepmum has always been a major stress in my life. There's never been a time where she hasn't been a manipulative, sly and cunning person. She says and does things that are absolutely crazy. I have 4 siblings and it recently came out that my step sister knew that my stepmum left me for dead in a house fire that happened when I was 7. I'm mature enough that I don't let it get to me and I've let go of the past since I continue to live with my parents although I'm 21 now so I try not to rock the boat. But lately she's been spiraling into insanity, saying she has conversations with ghosts on the park bench. She has had "eye opening" chats with elvis presley's ghost about the real reason he died and that the presley family need to know about it. She says she dosent "see in colour" and that black people are just the same as us, but in the same conversation tells me the chinese are all evil because they eat dogs. She says she can "help souls get to heaven" and that she helped my grandma get to heaven. She said the skys in heaven are always orange and then tells me a week later that orange is the devil's colour. She said that the Disney animated character thee little mermaid saved her from drowning in the bath and that told her that someone beat her over the head with an Ash tray and that is why she was drowning. She keeps saying she's immortal and no one knows she is God. She is either saying these things because she wants everyone around her to think she is crackers. Or she is genuinely losing her mind, on one hand she could be a danger to herself or others and I want to help her get help but on the other hand she's still a manipulative narcisist whether she's ill or not and will not take the nessicary steps to get help. If I intervene I could become homeless because she'll see me as a threat to her so far comfortable life. I know the right thing to do is to set up an intervention with other family members and go from there but I just don't want to. I don't have to waste my energy on someone who has wanted me dead since the day I came into her life as a baby. So what's your advice people?