So I’ve been with my boyfriend for over a year now and it’s be the greatest, I’m so in love and we have so much fun together. He wants to settle down and all that business young so I was always able to overlook our age difference. He does things that many guys I’ve dated wouldn’t even think of, sweet gestures and accepts me for the neurotic and hairy human I am hah! However as time has progressed I’ve started to feel like there’s certain things that get to my core, and I can’t decide if I should just wait for him to grow up a little more or break both our hearts and leave for my own growth. I know this is heavy to ask on reddit but kind of just need strangers opinions. Basically we live 8 minutes away from each other, he of course lives with his family which is fine for now but he rarely comes to stay at my 4 bedroom house where it’s just me and my brother and my cat...I don’t get it. It’s like pulling teeth trying to get him to stay. So I’ve had the house to myself for a whole weekend pretty often and I’m alone. This sounds stupid now that I’m typing it up but it really bothers me for some reason. He doesn’t drive because he’s terrified so I have to be the one to teach him, he’s trying he went ahead and started studying on his own for his permit test so it shows me he cares about losing me. But I’m beginning to get overwhelmed by it. Didn’t expect to have to teach someone to drive til I was a mother of a 16 year old lmao...he deals and smokes weed from his house (only to friends and family) but he saves his money like crazy like he’s better financially then I am. He has a day job too and works very hard. But I can’t help but think are you just going to be a stoner that wants to live at home til you’re my age? At that point I can’t sit around and wait for it. He talks about how he can’t stay here and is open to moving with me I’m just afraid everything won’t come til I’m on my 30s and that’s just too late. Ah I’ve never dated anyone younger like this but he’s so perfect for me in every other aspect, we never fight he never makes me feel crazy and always reminds me how much he loves me and wants to be with me..I just feel conflicted.