hi me and my boyfriend been dating for not that long. we both 19... in the beginning he told me “ I never felt this way toward anyone before”, etc. we live your away from each other... he works from 12pm -11pm monday thru friday... I only see him on saturdays. he would always be lovey dovey and all over me. he would always be so excited to see me. telling me he misses me or give me reassurances when i’m feeling down... recently I just felt like he stopped. I barely feel like he doesn’t want to see me, just something is off. he just seems annoyed with me. i’m affectionate person. I sometimes get too clingy and i’m working on that. for example yesterday I was suppose to stay over his house for the first time. I was really excited and told my mom. she was excited for me. he told me night before that he has to help his dad with the roof and might take all day. before this we didn’t see each other for 2 weeks because he was in NC. I was so excited to see him. anyways he told me he was gonna wake up early to help his dad so he’ll have more time to come see me. so I texted him that morning and didn’t respond so I thought he was busy. but turns out he was still in bed at 12, and he ended up working on the roof... he would text me like 3 times but 30 mins or to a hour between texts. I was getting little frustrated because I didn’t know weather or not to pack. my mom kept asking me if he was coming. then he stopped texting for 4 hours and i was waiting around all day trying to figure out if i’m staying over or not. it was around like 5 ish and I kept waiting around... so my friend said to check his snap score so I did. and it went up... it got frustrating because he was clearly on his phone. he ended up calling me, because I spammed him because my mom thought he was ditching me and I needed answer weather or not I should come or if he getting me. he seemed so annoyed on the call. he said “ kind of annoying how you think I was ignoring you” I said I didn’t think you were annoying me I just needed an answer. he told me he didn’t have his phone but the snap said another story... he made me sound crazy for wanting answer if we hanging out or not. he acted like he didn’t even want to see me today and just feels like i’m putting in more effort. today we watched movies all day and I asked him I feel like something changed. he always makes me feel gulity for feeling something or feeling like something is off. he always ends up leaving early and I just feel like I never get to see him as much. whenever I try to explain these things he makes me feel like they aren’t as important or big deal. when he left I felt really sad and down. I asked him when i’m going to see him again he said it depends what he doing next weekend. I understand he had his own life. but heres the thing. i’m the type that hates talking about feelings and what’s bothering me. but i’m working on and doing better. when something bugging me I kind of ignore it. it’s bad and i’m working on it. he is the type and has told me that he hates talking about the problem or hates confrontation. he doesn’t want conflict. which is annoying because he doesn’t say what’s on his mind because he fear of clindt but for me i’ll tell him that something is up. in my past relationships we would fix the problem and both reflect on it. but for him it’s like when there’s issue and we even talk about it, like if he things feel off. and I say how I feel, he pushes it under the rug and ignores it by trying to find away to not resolve it. I admit I get little clingy and attach, just of my past. i’m working on it. but he slowly seemed to de attach himself. I really care about him but I feel like what I say isn’t being heard. I just feel like i’m sounding crazy when I know i’m not. and tiday I said “ you aren’t like befire” and he said I was idk I guess I was too much for my ex. I know he still loves his ex. but I feel like i’m not enough for him. I feel like he stopped caring about my feelings. I do love him and care, but it’s like he sometimes get such a cold shoulder. he makes me feel bad for expressing how I feel because I feel like they aren’t as big deal but I know they are. he isn’t like how he was before, I feel like he stopped putting in the effort. and makes me feel guilty.