Spent the last 3 years in a rocky relationship, we lived together for 2 years & he became thee biggest part of my life, I was so in love. So much happened in our time together & while we had our fights I never thought we would give up because the love was strong. Everyone in his life was kinda rude to me from the beginning & that only got worse while everyone in my life welcomed him as part of the family. He lied to me multiple times and even broke my self esteem with some extremely hurtful behavior he considered no big deal. We had ups and downs. A lot of arguments. His friends flat out disrespect me & he would never stand up to them. He would lie about where he was going so I wouldn’t expect to be invited when he saw his friends. He kept flirting with some girl online while living with me & when I found that out if just fucking broke my self esteem so much. I felt so hurt that in my anger I would say horrible shit to make him feel bad too. We don’t sound good together & maybe we’re not. Im still just in shock he left me the day I told him I was feeling suicidal and severely depressed. He secretly moved as much as he could without me noticing, using my car! He had planned this behind my back! All while reassuring me the relationship is fine & he wants to make things work, he’s not leaving & he is here for me. The way he did it was devastating. I had the rug pulled out from under me, did not see it coming. He put so much effort into telling me everything is fine but he had been secretly planning on leaving. Its been 5 months and Im still just as devastated by his absence as I was in January. He immediately blocked me from everything, signed me out of all our joint accounts & has refused to speak to me since. His friends have said he’s telling them all about me & as this is someone I trusted with every little secret I have, Im just destroyed. His mom clearly loves that he broke up with me but I was sweet to her & she acted like she liked me to my face though his sister told me she talks about me. His sister also hated me for some unknown reason. I told him to go back to school so we can have a better future & he did, he got a much better job shortly after that & it feels like he just used me then left once he moved up in the world. Hed always tell me he was going to school for us & hes doing this for me but he left me as soon as school was done. Im a fucking broken person. I’ve never felt pain like this. I obviously cant capture everything in here but If you knew us, him, the situation, you wouldn’t believe how fucked up this is. Im just broken. I don’t feel like I could ever trust anyone again. I don’t know what to do from here. I dont know how I should feel or what I should do. I just am at a complete loss, I thought I knew this person. I thought they loved me. We talked about the rest of our lives together, kids, buying a home together, all that. I just don’t understand how someone can do this. I need help getting past this. How do you build yourself back up after being utterly destroyed?