So last year I met this guy at a bar and we really hit it off. We went on a couple of dates but then we stopped seeing each other and none of us really knew why. I was a little disappointed but did not contact him, neither did he. Then 9 months later I saw him again at that same bar and he came towards me. We talked again and he told me he has thought a lot about me these lasts months and he missed me. I was flattered since I felt the same way about him. We started texting and hanging out again and this time it was more intense then the year before. He confessed he had feelings for me and when it all seemed going well he stopped texting (he did still answer my texts but he did not initiate them nor did he ask out). Because I was confused I went to see him and asked him directly what he actually wanted. He said he didn't know because on one hand he had feelings for me and couldn't get me out of his head but on the other he wasn't sure he was actually in love with me. He didn't want to start something if it had no future even though it would kill him to see me with another guy. When I asked him what we were supposed to do now, he suggested to take some distance for a couple of weeks to see how we actually felt about one another. I respected his choice and went no contact. After a month he started texting me again (so I suppose he missed me). He asked me if I still had feelings because he wanted us to act normal again and fuck no contact. I said yes (thought it'd be better if I was just honest) and he asked me if it wouldn't be too difficult then to just be friends. So I thought I was being friendzoned but when I asked him if he  still had feelings he said 'I don't know, I think I will always have some for you, but I just want to act normal again'. Which makes me wondering if he seriously just misses me as a friend or if he does not exclude the option that it might be more if we see each other again? Also the fact that he wants to be friends  knowing that I still have feelings makes me thinking it is not just a normal friendship (because I would rather not be friends with people who still have feelings for me).  So what do I have to do? Act like a friend or go in no contact again? Am I still allowed to hope or am I only hurting myself?