I’m going to try and keep this as short and sweet as possible, I can provide more details if necessary but I’m trying to figure out this specifically. I’ve been dating this guy seriously since about November-December. I’d say we definitely established being exclusive by December. We have a great relationship though until November he was flirting a lot with girls on Instagram/Twitter comments. He said he had this friend we’ll call Becky since last March and that they’d hung out a few times with other people before but never alone. He would comment flirty things on her pictures, including talking about her boobs. They followed each other’s private instagrams also. In December he made a comment about her boobs. She had just had a breakup with her boyfriend. The guy I’m dating asked her to hangout soon, they decided on January. I was supposed to attend an event with the guy but couldn’t go. The day before he invited the other girl. He claims to have invited her so they could catch up as friends (despite knowing very little about each other) and so that she could talk to my guy’s mom about her breakup, which actually involved some legal issues. His friends and family were going to be there. I found out and got very upset and he uninvited her. He kept telling me they were just friends and that’s just how he talks to his friends. Eventually he admitted to entertaining her and apologized and removed her from Instagram. I then asked to see their texts and saw she sent him an underwear photo in October (when she had a boyfriend). Obviously time has passed since then and I tried to believe his alibi but it’s just really hard for me to believe he had 0 intention with this girl despite having flirted with her and received a nude from her (tho he barely had a response if I remember correctly). He still claims that he never intended to hookup with her and told me he was never interested in her in anything other than friends. Hes apologized profusely, changed many of his behaviors, and hasn’t done anything since that that’s bad. He always has his phone on him and keeps it face down, but he’s agreed to stop doing that and have it be out in the open more. So now my issue is am I still being too paranoid and not letting go or do I actually have something to worry about? Am I ignoring a giant red flag? I feel like I am and I feel so confused and I just need help.