My wife and I have been together for 8 years. Around 3 years ago I became friends with a girl at work. Then my wife started working with us and we all became friends. At first it was great, but then things started changing. Me and the friend started getting into fights a lot. I started getting annoyed when she would talk as though she and myself should be in the same importance in my wife’s life. The other things started happening, she started saying she wanted to hang out with us alone, which was fine but she never asked me to only my wife. Then things started getting weird. She always wanted to go shopping and wanted them to match whatever they bought. Like always. And if I was with them she would get mad or upset if I wanted to buy the item as well (example sweatpants at Costco). Then there came the odd comments. One time when she was leaving out house and my wife was hugging her she joked “imma stick my hand down your pants” my wife thought it was supposed to try to get a rise out of me but I never even heard the comment. It was too quietly said for me to hear it. She one time told my wife she was her fav person (btw she is married) and my wife said yeah you’re one is my fav persons too. One time her and my wife were out for dinner and the friend randomly tells my wife she would never cheat on her husband. Left field. She also told my wife when they first became friend that they could never drink together bc they would make out. My wife set her straight of course and told her she would not. Also in the past three years she has stopped talking to my wife 3 times. Just to text her and say she was sorry blah. Blah blah. Well recently she texted her again after ghosting for 2 months. The same day she reached out to my wife within mins she wrote a unsent letter that basically sounded like a love confession.I say all this to say I’m just stuck in a rock in a hard place. My wife has Aspergers and she’s never really had a best friend. She did connect with this friend really well, and she was like the first person besides me to get her. I feel like this woman is a threat and problem to my marriage but at the same time I feel unfair to my wife. She’s nothing but honest to me. She is the one who found the unsent letter. She is not aware we found her account. I’m at a loss