Okay so this may get personal, but I’m getting desperate. My partner and I have been together about a year and a half and have discovered along the way that we have very mismatched sex drives. Coming into the relationship, we both believed ourselves to not be very sexual people, but I soon found out that I was- just not so much in past relationships. As the gap in our drives seemed to widen and began to take a toll on me, I was very honest and we started having some great conversations about the topic. That helped for awhile but we both came to the agreement that it is a very hard subject to really compromise on because it is so important on each side that it is hard for the other to compromise their position. We have both experienced some degree of sexual assault, but my partner has been honest with me that she is still very bothered by the past and that she still freshly remembers all the guilt she felt growing up for having sexual desires for women, as she grew up very ashamed of being gay. She has since accepted herself completely, but says it was such a big part of growing up that way, it is now sometimes hard to not let it affect her now. On my side of things, I feel so safe and secure with her that I want to be intimate with her and the past does not usually affect that. It is important to me for me to be able to show and receive love by being intimate as I have in the past really struggled with the physical part of a relationship until now and realized how much I appreciate that in a relationship. We have had these talks quite a few times that go about the same way each time so I feel like we are getting frustrated with not knowing what to do. just in our daily lives, though, when I try to initiate something it always met with her saying she is tired or not feeling well or it’s almost the weekend or something along the lines. After this happens so many times, I have started to get upset about it. Sometimes I just want to break down right there in the moment, but I don’t because I don’t want to make her feel bad and make the situation worse. If it goes on for awhile, it gets to the point where I don’t want to be naked around her at all or have her touch me hardly at all. While I do feel bad about this, it feels like I have to shut it all off to be able to get by without any intimacy. I do not want to make light of her experiences or make her feel any type of guilt, but I am only further feeling a wedge that I don’t want to be there. Just about everything else in our relationship is so much more than I ever could have dreamed and I am so grateful to have her and I do love her with all my heart.