I've been with my boyfriend for almost a year now. He's 21 and I'm 23 years old. This has been my first serious relationship ever and I've been known to be a second guesser so I wanted to get an outside opinion on it. My boyfriend and I were planning on moving in together this summer and moving to a bigger city. However, obviously our plans changed amid this pandemic and we decided to move in together at his Mom's house. Since we've moved in (1 month now), I've really been unsure about us as a couple and I see our relationship differently. My boyfriend vapes, smokes marijuana frequently, and he's usually up all night then sleeping until late in the day. He also has some mood issues and what seems to be depression. I'm sure it's been amplified during the lockdown but I've definitely noticed these signs throughout the past few months. My boyfriend is a good guy, and I do care about him very much. But before when we each had our own space, we would see each other once a week and these issues weren't as bothersome as they are to me now. Now, I'm unsure if these are qualities I really want in a partner. Also, my boyfriend and I have been butting heads on our certain views of the world. He has a very strong view of things in terms of spirituality, politics where as I'm still figuring things out. He states his opinion as being very factual, and our conversations turn into these heated debates where we both end up being super unhappy afterwards. A lot of my friends have told me to just discuss my concerns with him but he's very hard to communicate with as he never wants to talk about any of the issues. He has mentioned he's felt a disconnect between us, but he still talks about us finding our own apartment when things start to go back to normal. I don't have all that much experience in dating and I'm scared of making too rash of a decision. My parents have both passed away so I don't have anywhere else to go right now during the lockdown, so I decided to at least wait another month before making any decisions. I feel stuck because my lease is up now, and I'm supposed to be starting school in a few months so I'll have to move away sooner or later. It seems like such a huge decision to make and I don't know how to make the right one. I'm not sure if I should be looking for an apartment by myself or what. I'm terrified of just telling him that I've decided to leave on my own, partly because we're surrounded by his family in this house and also partly because I would miss him very much. I've thought about just asking him for some space and we can re-visit the idea of moving in, but we'd still have hours apart between us. We have become very close and I'm scared of going off into this next chapter on my own. I'm moving to a big city, hours away and going to a new school. I know there are some serious issues but I'm also very scared of losing people. Am I over reacting or is this a big deal?