My boyfriend (22M) and I (19F) have been quarantining together during this whole covid situation. We have apartments near each other and are both alone as our roommates went home so I’ve been staying over at his place pretty much full time for the past 2 or so weeks. Last night I went to bed around 12 and he stayed up playing gta until around 3:30. Once he went to bed though he started this awful, insanely loud snore he has when he’s really tired and I honestly couldn’t fall back asleep. Around 6 I’d had enough and tried waking him up so that he could flip to his side instead of his back b/c that usually makes the snoring a little more bearable for me. At first I tried calling his name but he didn’t wake up, then I tried tapping his shoulder, but he still didn’t wake up, so I then went to like the crease of his elbow b/c his arm was closest to me and in my sleep-deprived haze I must’ve accidentally tickled him( which he hates) when trying to wake him up, b/c he finally woke up but he started yelling at me asking why the hell i would do that and how much he hates that and how could I do what i did. He kinda of grabbed me when he woke up too (not violently) but I guess to get me to stop? I was so shocked I just said I needed him to roll to his side real quick b/c I couldn’t sleep and he rolled over and then pretty violently pulled the blanket over with him so I didn’t have much left. I apologized a few times then rolled over the other wya myself and I just started crying, I couldn’t help it, I’d never seen him react like that and It really freaked me out and I ended up not being able to get back to sleep anyway. When we woke up this morning I thought I was fine but he rolled over to cuddle like normal and it just made me want to start crying all over again. Everything was normal to him and this whole morning I’ve just felt so weird, every time I see him my heart just feels like it’s being squeezed and I start breathing heavy and I just want to cry. He’s noticed I’ve been kind of weird but i just said I was tired, he asked a bunch of times if that’s all it is and every time I just say the same thing. What’s wrong with me? What do I do? How do I stop feeling this way? I know he only reacted like that b/c he was shocked from being woken up.  And he is absolutely the sweetest, kindest, most amazing man ever so I need help to get over this.