This feels like the pettiest argument but it’s a really big deal to me because I feel a huge lack of control over what I eat. For the past 2 years since I had my youngest daughter and since I have started to finally profit from my small business my husband constantly wants to have fast food or order pick up for dinner, I was fine with this set up when we had a newborn baby and a lot going on there. The way we split our money generally speaking works fair for us, he is the main money maker, he pays all the big bills and needs, and I pay for extracurriculars, kids stuff, groceries, and eating out. I hate looking at how much of my transaction history is fast food around 4+ nights a week on average plus his fast food lunches every day at work, I hate the feeling of guilt and heaviness that comes with a greasy meal, and I’ve gained 20 pounds over this time. Granted this gain is on me too, I am bad about late night snacking but it’s really hard for me to get into healthy eating when we are eating out garbage food. Before this my husband was the opposite extreme, working out every day and having me make him an extra different meal each night with just chicken and rice (I couldn’t do the same meal every night, I have to have some kind of variation). Now he says because I got tired of making him an extra meal trying to get him to make it himself that I’m the reason he just wants to eat out instead, tells me about how the average American eats out this much so it’s okay (obviously not a solid argument) that basically it’s one extreme or the other and my snacking is the problem for my weight not the fast food, that we can afford it so he doesn’t see why I’m trying not to spend the money. I’ll have meals planned and my husband says let’s just eat, so not only do we spend extra money on fast food but food goes to waste over the week because I try to buy for the week thinking that if I plan well then he won’t want to eat out (he’s quick to throw in the towel if things aren’t going to be ready fast), he also watches the kids while I cook so when I finally “win” the argument and get to cook he complains about how long it takes (compares it to the drive for food every time over/under) and how difficult the kids are during this time, how much easier it would’ve been to eat out, sometimes if dinner wasn’t amazing or his top choice he even compares my food against fast food feeling obviously disappointed that this was 2nd choice. I’ve asked him to be honest and tell me if my cooking is bad and he does not dislike my cooking, I’ve ordered a dinner subscription box I’m REALLY hoping this changes things. Tonight he wanted pizza and said that “wasn’t eating out” (also note pizza upsets my stomach) I told him to get himself a pizza I’m going to fix myself something quick, we had a big fight over it and he’s not ever willing to drive to get food, it’s always me picking up when I didn’t want it in the first place. I’m just really lost on how to compromise when we both feel so “right”. Am I choosing the wrong hill to die on, how can I get him to understand my point of view if not?