Hi I’m (M22) and just a few hours ago my girlfriend (38) of a year decided to leave me. She is, well was accusing me of cheating multiple times the last 5 months I want to say. I’ve told her multiple times and showed her multiple times that I wasn’t and I’ve even told her to go through my phone. She has gone through my phone while I was asleep and she’s deleted some of my female friends and I didn’t get mad about it I told her it was fine if that helped her feel better, I decided to just not have my friends, I didn’t speak with them much after all and it had been a while before I converse with any of them. She had told me a few times that if I ever spoke to anyone about our relationship or our problems she would leave me. I was going to once but I wasn’t going to say anything bad if anything I just wanted to talk about how great my relationship was and I’m glad I took the advice and allowed myself to fall in love with her, she said I was going to commit “emotional cheating” by doing that, so after she got mad and we had that argument I saw it from her point of view and accepted that I was wrong and would have “committed the emotional” cheating. I apologized and things were great again but after she would accuse me of cheating all the time over having a lot of female friends. I do admit I do and had a lot of female friends probably more than normal for a guy but that’s all they ever where, I always got along with girls better than guys. I asked her to forgive me for any wrong doing I ever did any time we argued over something. I love her, I have never loved anything or anyone as much as I have her, this last time she’s accusing me of having “plan b’s” and decided I wasn’t worth it, that she doesn’t trust me, believe me, and hasn’t been happy in a while and isn’t interested in our relationship anymore. She’s making me move out and she wasn’t to keep the furniture that’s under my credit, she’s saying I’m a asshole and just like all the other guys for taking things she’s paying for that is under their credit, am I wrong for wanting to take the furniture and the future payments? And lastly I was wondering if there’s anything I can do to save my relationship with her, she was my best friend and continued to be while we were dating, I want to say I hate her for making me like this but I don’t. She doesn’t want to hear anything I have to say. Maybe I should call quits but I’ve never been in love like this and I don’t want to lose it over something I didn’t do. Sorry if it sounded like a rant but I had no other choice or place to turn