I've made a much more serious post about me and my dad recently but this one is a lot less serious and unimportant but still something I'd love to have advice on. So I really enjoy gaming and especially competitive gaming like csgo. I play a lot with real life friends and online friends. I used to play too much but not anymore. Now I'm a full time student as well as focusing really hard on my rehab after knee surgery. Gaming has taken a backseat in my priorities by a large margin. Since starting school I've now focused really hard and done well so far and not once have I procrastinated or gamed when I should've studied or whatever, which is really good for me because I used to not be like that. I feel like I've got a decent balance with my priorities right now and I'm happy with them, and I maybe play an hour or two every day or two. It's a hobby and I enjoy it. Recently we got new internet and it is awful from my room. Unplayable on any online game but also constantly cutting out when just watching videos or doing school work. The last time we had a conversation about it (about either putting anti ethernet cable along the hallway or using a powerline adapter) it was really bad and my dad got really angry at me. Now every time I try to talk to him about it at all, he just reverts to "gaming bad you game too much you have bad priorities" and it's super annoying because it feels like talking to a brick wall and it honestly seems kind of childish. I tell him that my priorities are good and balanced and I feel happy, and he just goes "okay sure" or something or doesn't answer at all and it's super annoying. He says it's not important and I shouldn't be so focused on it and constantly talking to him about the internet, and I know it's not anywhere near the most important thing, but I think I've reflected that in how I've set my priorities and it's a hobby of mine and I do it with my friends. For example last week I worked really hard in school during midterms and spent hours every day studying and doing homework and stuff and then at the end of the day I'd go "oh itd be nice to relax and play something, I feel like I've earned it" and then I couldn't because it was so bad. I know it's silly but its bugging me and I dont know how to have this conversation with him. Any advice would be really appreciated. Thank you