I've been with my wife for 13 years now married for 6.  She has a pokemon group she regularly plays with and because of her mental health issues it's really the only time she gets out.  I understand because she is pretty cute and sweet that people will be attracted to her.  At one point she started meeting up with a guy from the group to buy weed from because he offered to help her out.  I admittedly was a little cautious saying like "be careful" etc.  Last week a guy from the group (different guy) asked her to go on a play date with him which I for some reason didn't think was odd until now.  He invited my wife to go bowling with him and his daughter and his mom and my wife would take our daughter.  Sounds like a play date i guess.  Well as uncomfortable as I am with this stuff I just keep going because I trust my wife.  I have 2 jobs and recently my boss from my night job (a girl from the group who knows my wife) asked me how I'm comfortable with all the stuff that goes on with my wife in the group.  I kinda shrugged it off and said "well she is cute, sweet and fun of course people are going to like her."  She went on to further explain that people in the group are absolutely obsessed with her.  Apparently the guy who sells her weed started selling weed just to hang out with her outside of the group and still only sells to her after like 2 years.  I live with my wife's mom and asked her about it and they are both pushing that I have nothing to worry about as long as I trust my wife.  I feel like meeting up with this dealer is pushing boundaries but... she needs weed.  Like absolutely needs it at this point and he is her only hookup.  Also she can't just stop hanging out with this group it's her only time she goes out.  I feel like my boundaries are being pushed here but, am I just being a jealous asshole?  It just feels like I work and work and work and to find out she is regularly going out while im working (she doesnt just childcare for our 3 year old) to meet up with a guy who is clearly in love with her hurts.