Probably not lol. Okay little story time and I still feel shooken up and freshly hurt. So my boyfriend and I have been dating for over a year now. Things are smooth. There’s never been any cheating no trust issues he always leaves his phone out, if he’s too busy playing his game he’ll ask me to check his phone when the notifications go off. No issues. However, few months ago I was going thru his phone and seen him talking sexually to a girl on fb when we were ONE month into our relationship. We didn’t live together at the time. The conversation was short. Never talked again. We fought about it, but I eventually let it go. I just thought: eh whatever we were only a month into our relationship at the time. Wasn’t too serious then. Anyway, so this morning his phone goes off, message on fb and he asks me to check it. It’s a girl saying “Hi how have you been?” And the messages before (AGAIN, a month into him and I dating) they were flirting. I ask him, why tf is she messaging you?? Idc if she’s only asking how you are, you clearly had a history I seen the messages. He’s like idk idk you can reply to her and say whatever you want. So I did. And I said don’t fucking message my boyfriend I know you see he’s in a relationship and about to have a baby! (I’m 5months pregnant) I just don’t know what to think or feel. He talked to these girls while we were in a relationship yes. We were only dating for a month when he was flirting with these girls. And he hasn’t talked to them since. The conversations never got anywhere. But STILL...even though we weren’t dating that long when he was messaging other girls we were STILL DATING. I mean sure he’s faithful now and always asks me to check his notifications for him cause he’s too lazy to that’s how I found out about this girl messaging him in the first place. It’s still shady af. A friend told me she went through the same thing with her boyfriend except she was the one talking to other guys in the beginning of their relationship. She said it’s cause she wasn’t in love with him yet, and that now she couldn’t ever even imagine talking to another man behind his back like she used to. Bc she’s genuinely in love with him now. Idk, I really don’t tolerate that shit and I’m seriously debating on leaving him. Please give me your advice or input...this hurts so bad