Hey everyone, throwaway account. I (22f) am having an argument with my boyfriend (22m) which is leaving me very sad and upset. I just want to know if I am the one overreacting or not because he claims I am. I haven't seen my boyfriend for 2 months because of coronavirus, even though we only live 15 mins apart from each other. We are both home from college and staying with our families. His family has been taking this coronavirus situation very seriously, and have not even ordered take out food. They only have their groceries delivered and have only seen their immediate family who live within the household (besides his grandparents- they sit in the driveway 6+ ft apart once a week). My family is also taking this very seriously, but we have been going to the grocery store and ordering take out (with total caution and we wipe everything down). We have seen a select few people outside of our immediate family from distancing on our driveway. My boyfriend has told me for the last 2 months that he does not want to see me because of the coronavirus, which I totally understand. He is immunocompromised and his grandparents are at risk. However, I am moving in 10 days to another state to start a job and will not see him until October if I do not see him before I go. My boyfriend told me that he does not want to see me before I go because my family has been "out and about". However, the day after I leave he is taking a week-long class for a motorsport he has been wanting to learn to do for years. I asked if he would say goodbye to me through social distancing on the driveway, offered to wear a mask, and even a hazmat suit if it meant I could see him in person before I go. He told me "no" and that its different because "he's been wanting to do this sport for years". I then told him that he is being a huge hypocrite and he told me I am completely overreacting. I am now crying and extremely upset. It really feels like he is picking this sport over me and I think it says a lot about the way he feels about me. Am I wrong for being upset and thinking he is being a huge ass for taking a class with random strangers but not willing to see me from distance in the driveway? It just hurts me and I don't know what to do.