So a little backstory, I (18M) have been in 3 relationships, all of which ended bc they cheated on me, now a days its a laughing matter, i don't feel anything for them, don't hold any grudges against them, and don't associate with them. But this girl, she was different. I'll start with the events leading up to our relationship. At the beginning of 2019 i dated a girl for a 2nd time who i had had strong feelings for, and i got very close with her, only to find out she had cheated on me with her ex. Obviously i ended the relationship, but this messed up my trust big time. I started crushing on another girl who i worked with at my job at a grocery store, we'll call her R (19F). Im not a person who usually gets girls that i like or have feelings for, so naturally i gave up trying to actually get with her multiple times, but every time i gave up i would always find myself chasing after her. Long story short we ended up talking one day after work on Snapchat. This led to a pretty good friendship, i finally was in a good place with R and things were really looking up. We ended up talking ab prom, and how she didnt have a date. She had gotten really upset a couple days before and talked to me ab it, all she told me was that her parents had made her mad. We had a really nice deep talk about it, and she thanked me. Fast forward to the next day, i found out that the reason she was upset was because her parents hadnt let her go to prom with this guy, which upset me because i felt like the entire time i thought we might end up dating, she had been planning to go to prom with another guy, she explained everything to me, and it turns out that that had not been the case, it had happened days before we actually started talking, and she apologized to me, saying that she wouldnt do that to me, queue me getting super happy. After talking ab prom, i told her i was gonna ask her, jokingly but seriously, kind of as a way to see what she would say. It was a yes. So without a super detailed story, i asked her to prom, she said yes, best day ever hands down. The next day, i asked her out, which she said yes to. Best 2 days of my life for sure. I was so unbelievably happy with R, I fell in love with her very very quickly, but kept it to myself. About 2 months into our relationship i joked around with her about it and she caught on, she told me that she also was falling for me very hard, and that she had never felt this way before. Again, another great day. We ended up telling each other "I love you" about a week after that, which was prom night.  She called me her soul mate, the love of her life, and told me she wanted to be with me for the rest of her life and that she couldnt wait to be my wife. (whoa that rhymed) It was amazing and i was so happy, i got the girl i wanted, we were in love, everything was perfect, and it would stay that way our whole relationship, yes we fought and argued but thats just a part of being in a relationship. I had never felt the way i felt about her before in my life, she was my whole world and i did absolutely everything for her. I was always there for her whenever she needed me, always there to talk to her. It took me so long to really comprehend that this girl loved me and that she was worthy of my trust, i couldnt believe that this amazing girl was actually mine and didnt show any signs of being unfaithful. I ended up getting her a promise ring, she told me she wanted this forever, and so i promised her that. She got another one down the line, but not relevant. Fast forward to August, she got kicked out of her house because she was going to move about 2 hours away and her parents didnt approve. I was there through the entire thing, on FaceTime actually. She lived with her grandma until she finally moved, and it was definitely an emotional time, i supported her 100%, even though i wanted her to stay. Things were as good as they had been the entire relationship. That is until December rolled around. 10 days went by before we stopped texting as much, FaceTiming every night, and doing the things we usually did, but she had work alot so thats okay, im proud of her for what shes doing, so im not going to bug her. On the 16th, she told me she was deleting the pictures of us on her instagram because she saw something about it being bad luck if they were posted on certain days. This made my heart drop, she even took me out of her bio, huge red flag i know, but i ignored it. We ended up arguing, and she didnt talk to me for a little bit. On the 18th she came to visit and i had given her a picture book with tons of pictures, starting from the beginning of our relationship to the present, which she just said thanks to. Not to long after she saw a ring box, which was for her, and she had known about for a couple days, she started crying and told me she was homesick and than left. After that, things kind of went back to normal, we talked and things were okay again. She left to go back on the 22nd. 2 days later after she told me maybe we should take a break (staying together just not talking as much, which i was fine with) i found out she had been talking to a dude about hooking up, the guy sent me screenshots and told me everything, when i confronted her and broke up with her, she told me he was lying and that she loved me and wanted to be with me, so i believed her and got back with her. Things were amazing again, its like we had gone back to before all of this happened. That lasted for about 2 days, after those 2 days she told me she was hanging out with a friend. Once i noticed she was still at home, she told me that her friend lived in the same area she did, and after that stopped texting me, turned off her snap maps and turned off her Life360. The next morning i asked her about, and she made some excuse. Later that day, she "went to work" I got on another account and found out she was not actually at work, but at home. She texted me when she got off, and than after a few conversations, was gone again. I knew everything i needed to know now, as she had told the other account i made a whole bunch of things. Still, i needed to know for sure, so i got on her snap and low and behold, from December 10th to December 28th, there was in fact, 3 guys that she was very friendly with, one of which she had actually had over, on the 26th and 27th. He talked about getting blue balled, she talked about stripping, how her bed smelled like him, and they both mentioned almost kissing before he left her house. I dont know if they had sex, for my own sake i tell myself they didnt. That was the end, i cussed her out, said some pretty mean things, and she did too. She never owned up to it, she told me she didnt cheat, and after i broke up with her, texted my mom to tell her that i was wrong and she didnt cheat. The other guys told her what they would do to her, and i assume there were some pictures sent, none that i saw, but going off of the conversations, its hard not to know what happened. After that it was a pretty rough time, i was distraught that i had lost this girl that everything seemed so perfect with, everything made sense, but it was like all of a sudden she had switched up, it came out of nowhere and hurt really bad. It took about 3 months for me to not be angry at her anymore, and forgive her, sometimes ill find myself being angry, but its quickly pushed away. She has posted some things directed towards me, and i havent posted anything. Theres still a picture of us on her spam instagram, and she still wears a couple of my shirts from what ive seen. Now, 5 months later, she is still on my mind, every single day. I know i still love her, i miss her alot, and i dont know what to do. About 2 weeks ago she posted a picture of me and her on her Snapchat, with my face blocked out, and my 4 year old brother, who loved her, and who she loved as well. My friend screenshot it to show me, which she saw, and without a super long story, she was told that i had nothing against her anymore and i was told that she also was not mad at me. Before that and after, there was/has been no contact, not even on my birthday. My entire family loved her and approved of my feelings towards her. So after that long story, my question for all you wonderful people, do i try and reconcile things with her and attempt a relationship again? I dont want to be the one to text her, but i don't know what to do at this point. It seems like theres no escape from the feelings i have for her, and i know that i shouldn't want anything to do with her, but i do and i need other peoples opinions on what to do. Thank you  for reading this super long story, you're a great person <3