I recently got into a relationship with my girlfriend just under a month ago. Back story we went to elementary school together we never really talked much then but I always thought she was cute back then. I saw her again a few years ago when she was dating my friends cousin who by the way is not the best of people in this world. She has 4 kids 2 are to her ex the other two are to her 2 previous boyfriends before him. We both live at home with parents at this time. I went into this relationship understanding she has children and accepting that I hang out with them help them to ride their bikes their ages are 6,4,2 and 1. I hang out with her everyday at her house her parents really like me from what I understand I have dinner with them everyday. But I’ve recently started seeing them joke about her moving out. Even to a point where they said about going on a trip to the mountains to their family mountain house which we did for a weekend and I was told it was so her parents could rest and we could get away for awhile (her kids keep them up all night) She told me she loved me the second week of us talking which I thought was soon. Their starting to tell me I need to tell her kids to behave and correct them they do not listen very well at all and I’m a little uncomfortable doing so at this moment I’m currently looking for a better paying job to get my own place and we talk about us moving in together it has become apparent I would have to pay for everything having 4 kids she can not work. I myself have a little 4 month old yorkie puppy I’m not quite comfortable taking my puppy to her house cause her kids are rough and don’t listen at all and would not trust them being around my puppy at this time and know if they did something I would get extremely upset with them so I avoid it I’m not aloud to sleep over at her house and she can’t stay at mine due to all the kids but she gets jealous that when I go home my puppy snuggles up to me to sleep I haven’t spent hardly any time with my puppy and when I said about spending more time with my puppy I could see she was slightly irritated and said I love the dog more then her and it’s just a damn dog. I’m not very happy with that it kind of hit home in my mind to think she doesn’t care just wants me there with her maybe to help watch the kids? She does do a lot of nice things makes me food and such and her parents are nice to me too for inviting me in like they did so I’m afraid and feel guilty to say anything about certain situations I’ve also see other things that are kind of bother some but to much detail to say. I guess my main wonderment for advice is I can’t tell if she’s like trying to suck me in because I’m a nice guy for her and her kids and am I wrong to be a little pissed off that she wanted to say that about my puppy just being a damn dog? I for one love my dog I was left with her when my ex girlfriend had left. In my mind I know out of anyone I know including her. They could leave one day but my dog wouldn’t. And that’s special to me