She has literally HAD it with me. I always complain about how stupid men are for choosing "the wrong types of women" which is how I cope with being single. I have always had issues dating men because of their inability to have substantial-enough reproductive organ sizes...and so I end up moving back home and living with her. It's starting to be a huge problem. We both know that we each NEED humongous warlord-craftsmen-type freakazoids from space or something and it is impossible to find in this city that is filled with tiny well, smurfs. But when it comes down to it, she downright banged my little-peen father (who's a great dad and person, but she HAS complained about his penis size in the past, hence my annoying personality) and even had two kids with him because she was a firm believer that expected the same kind of loyalty in return from him. Needless to say, my dad abandoned her as a woman and now she hates men but even more than men, she hates talking to me about them and especially about their anatomical body structures. I have come to accept that she is blind and unwilling to be in a normal relationship with any man. She refuses them and I try to make her laugh. My jokes about our large truth (we're large-bosomed women) are no longer as funny to her as they once were and frankly, I agree with her. It's not funny anymore. We're having a conversation right now about something else so she must have gotten over it. The truth remains: there aren't enough brave men left in The United States who see women for who they really are anymore, nor are they capable of coming up to beautiful, intelligent single women on a normal, regular day in the city. Is there no time for white women to be talked to anymore by normal white men? Where are all the tall* white men in NYC, anyhow? Why is my beautiful mother single and alone and depressed when she looks gorgeous every day? Do the normal men here prefer prostitutes and late-night booty calls from other-raced women? What exactly is going on here? I know NYC has a huge problem with extremist cultures and arranged marriages but I didn't know that moving here with my cute mom would be such an issue in terms of finding relationships that last longer than uh, two minutes basically. What should I do?