Ok so long story short we met back in 2007 I ( age 17) met Sarah ( my wife age 22) we were together a week when I went to Mexico with my dad who had not been in my life long he took off when I was 4 and came back. We found out she was pregnet 3 months later.  I got a job stocking shelves and got us a trailer. Later that year my son Sammy was born a week after I found out I was gonna do time on some charges 9 months and so I would be out and Sammy wouldent remember I went. The whole time I was locked up. Sarah came to visit me every week and for a while was 3 hours away. She let me call every day and sent me money twice a week. I bragged alot how she was faithful to me and doing me so good other guys laughed and mocked me but i was like what do yall know. After I got out I found she had been sleeping with my friend Bobby who was pretty much my best friend at the time and asked me to get with her so he could leave her and get with an ex. the first time was while I was in mexico with my dad and three times while I was locked up. I decided to forgive them somewhat  because I was locked up. But we broke up for a few months during that time she got an apartment. One night I needed a place to stay and she let me sleep on the couch. We ended up making up I end up seeing some messages to her friend asking if she wanted to have a threesome with her and bobby this hurt because she knew that was my biggest fantasy and denied it to me saying she didn't wanna share but she was so willing to for him but I let it go we started doing good and  got married a year later not too long afer we found out Sarah was pregnant with our second Carla and we needed more room so we moved in with my mom for a short time till we found a place I got addicted to meth wile we stayed there and she found out and left me I went on a drug frenzy for a while bounced from place to place until I ended up getting locked up again I called Sarah and she was the only one would help me or talk to me she when I got out they gave me 3 months house arrest instead of violating my parole and I moved in with my grand parents and she ended up getting back with me since I was sober our daughter was born wile I was on house arrest. After I got off we moved to an apartment, I ended up getting back on drugs and getting worse. I began staying gone longer and longer. One day when I'd been up for days and just got really fucked up I cheated on her. When she found out I cut contact with the girl. Sarah's dad ended up getting hospitalized and one day after work she said she was gonna visit him. She instead went on a walk in the park with a friend of mine that was homeless and needed a place to stay while we had our first appartment she hated him made me kick him out. I was like wtf why did u lie and why are u taking to him and she said they just talked so she said she would stop talking to him I was very upset and hit the wall all I could think was she cheated with another of my friends. She left and came back with cops they and they arrested me for cdv. I got out the next day. A few weeks went by and she kept threading to kick me out until one day I finally said fine. Before I could find a ride out my mom calls to tell me she just came by there with David in the car. I was furious when they pulled up I ended up fighting David she called the cops again and apparently yelling aggressively is cdv and was my second time being charged cdv. They didnt care about the fight I was just in and he had warrents they took him too. He was serving a 15 day sentence and I got 2 months sarah and me talked on the phone about every day and she visited me I thought we were making up I'd get to come back to the appartment when I got out. When I was released I was visiting my buddy and he told me he heard David was staying with Sarah and fucking her. I showed up at her appartment and he was not there she said she kicked him out. I found his FB still logged in on my PS3 and saw she was sleeping with him and had invited him to hand out with some of her friends which she never asked me to do. And that she thought about a threesome with Bobby and david. It upset me she had fucked another of my friends and asked the other if he wanted to join. At the time I figured it was a fetish thing and I let my very best friend the only one I knew would not fuck her behind my back, join us and I told her I wanted her to experience everything she wanted in life we only get one that she didn't need to do it for me. But she promised she would because she wanted to. So I began my wait ever so often I'd mention it and she claimed she didnt know anyone but didn't ask anyone either. I got to be good friends with the neighbor Tom he hung with me about every day. About 6 months later my grandparents had a rental house open up and we moved into it. Tom ended up splitting up with his gf and had no place to sleep. Even though Sarah didn't want him to I let him stay with us Sarah bought a cat knewing he was allergic to get him to leave which didn't work. He stayed till he found work and got a car, a couple times I came home to him in my bed with Sarah on top of the blanket fully dressed and I fussed at him and her but forgave him. Two years after being at the new house I was about to finish my 6 year parole from when I went to prison they said I needed 300 dollars to be done and free. I decided to get the money the fastest way I knew how it took me a couple days to get it and I didn't want to go home till I had it. When I finally had it I went home and went to bed happy I was about to be free. I woke up to Sarah and kids gone I begged her about a week to come back and she did then a week later she left again.Three weeks later my grandparents decided that with out Sarah and the kids I didn't need the house they were gonna sell it and I had to move to my moms. Sarah refused to really talk to me or see me. One day I got really  drunk and went to her mom's when she kept ignoring me I flipped and hit myself with the bottle gashing my head open blood pouring I ran to the back door and knocked I could hear Sarah but she wouldn't answer I yelled I need help I'm bleeding badly still wouldent answer. When I got out the hospital I found out she has let Tom come stay with her and the kids bouncing between her mom's and dads my heart ego self-esteem and sanity where severely damaged I begged her not to do this to me not my friend not again. She stayed with him for 2 or three months anyway. During that time I went off the deep end started using a needle I did it every day slept maybe 3 days each month. Just before Christmas I got in a fight with my brother and mom kicked me out. I thought my friends would help me but in the end I was put out at 3am in dec I was freezing called Sarah no answer. For the first time I felt truely alone. The next day I begged my grandparents for a place to stay and I moved in there. In Jan 2015 I convinced myself Sarah did this because of the drugs and streetlife. So I talked to her and promised I'd change if she came back. My grandparents wouldent let her and the kids stay with me saying they were too old for that. So for the first time since prison I got a job working at taco bell after being so bad on meth I had nothing so I saved and got a moped then a car. I wanted to get a place and be back with my family more than anything, I thought about it dayly. In After I got my car I got to thinking about bills and stuff and I didn't wanna struggle anymore so despite the fact I seperation anxiety and hating being alone which I am all the time at my grandparents I decided to go to collage Sarah and the kids were allowed to visit on the weekends. Sarah agreed but eventually working to 3am and going to school at 8 got tough so Sarah told me to do that and she would pay everything while I did. 5 months into scho my mom got charged with attempted murder. I can't tell u how stressed this made me I started selling again to get bond money I ended up cheating again immediately I felt bad I was so fucked up on dope and stressed about my mom and anxious all the time at home I fucked up. Sarah found out and I denied it... I didn't wanna lose her I was ashamed I could not believe what is just done. She let it go, few weeks later we got mom out and I put all my focus in school made deans list became a member of goldenkey honour society stopped smoking stopped drugs started going to the gym. My last semester of school I found out she had been flirting with this guy at work and possibly slept with two others she convinced me she hadent I eventually dug up more info and she denied it till I showed proof . Id dig periodically and Everytime found more and Everytime she denied it first till I showed her proof and then she nearly convinced me it was my fault because of what I did while my mom was locked up. Then I found out that she was the entire time since 2015. While I was at tacobell and collage I begged her not to cheat on me anymore she always promised she wasent that she changed. One time in Sept 2015 I wanted to see her phone and she flipped and left me at that point I was pretty sure she was cheating I got mad and slept with a girl from work. After that sometimes she would say I'm never gonna let go of the past when id mention it and leave me or threatin to if I didn't let it go. and spend days without talking to me knowing that i have anxiety when alone so I'd probably shut up if I thought she was gonna leave.  After having deans list my entire time in collage I was so out of my mind after finding out about her cheating and I lost deans list and struggled badly but graduated. The stress shame and heart ache effected me so much I relapsed  and couldent focus at work thinking about it all and I got fired my first job in my field. Sarah and the kids same to stay at my grandparents for Christmas break and ended up getting to live here till summer.   As long as I paid they could stay all I had to do was find a job again. I searched hard but in July they were made to move out. I bawled my eyes out just cried and cried. After that I lost all my will to live even cut my wrist and nearly bleed out in the kitchen if my grandmother hadent found me I'd be dead. Currently Sarah and me are together and she says she's sorry that she never will cheat again. However what bothers me is she chased after the guys she cheated with or initiated it with them....with me if i dont try to turn her on first  I don't get laid I mentioned this to her and waited she does things to try to get me to make a move on her first. I feel like she does not want me like she wanted them I wonder If im ugly or not good enough In bed. I just don't know what to think anymore. Please help