I met him through my friend group and we clicked pretty quickly.  I knew he went through a bad breakup a few months prior (that ties into it later).  So he and I started to talk frequently and would hang out at my place.  One night he was over he admitted he liked me and we became a thing soon after.  A few days after we ended up going to a party at my friends' house and things escalated and he ended up taking my virginity, protection was used and everything and I knew it was extremely early on but I really thought he cared about me (which was my fault).  We hung out basically daily with each other, would go out and do stuff and we also had sex a few more times.  The last time we did the condom wasn't on all the way and some spilled out the side and got into me so we had to get plan B, but I was ovulating at the time so it most likely didn't work.  The day after that he came over and told me he felt as if he wasn't ready for a relationship because he wasn't sure if he was over his ex or not and he had a lot of personal and mental things going on and even though I was crushed I understood.  We talked for a few days after but I was still obviously upset and felt used, and I confided in my friends as well.  He started to not talk to me as much and maybe a couple of weeks after I ended up heavily bleeding for one day, and when I went to my primary they said it was most likely an early termination.  I didn't want to tell him because he had basically stopped talking to me completely and I didn't want to put that burden on him.  I ended up having to go to a walk-in clinic because my primary said to still get checked to make sure I wasn't pregnant a couple of weeks after.  He ended up finding out about the early termination through one of my friends and when he reached out to me it was just to see if I was pregnant or not and that was about it.  It was the day I went to the clinic so luckily everything was negative.  I guess my friend was talking about it at lunch as well and when he overheard he was extremely pissed and was mad that I told her and not him.  After all of this, he basically blocked me and I feel as if I did something wrong and fucked everything up.  I don't want him back or anything I just feel as if I did something wrong.  Whether it was me feeling as if I needed more closure, or confiding in my friends.  I understood why he felt as if he wasn't ready but I still had every right to feel hurt because apparently he knew he wasn't fully ready for a relationship but still went along with it, so I feel used.  He's also in a new relationship now after saying he wasn't ready for one, and my self worth has never been so low.  Does it seem as if I did something wrong?  I recently asked for some of my belongings back and he just blocked me immediately.  His friends are pissed at him for what he did to me but I still feel like I fucked something up.  It was only for a week but it's still eating away at me, I had to deal with a miscarriage and going to clinics all by myself and had to do it without my parents knowing, and it was so difficult and terrifying.  I just really need some advice on this situation, I'm really trying to let go but my mind keeps screaming that this is all my fault and he probably has every right to just be blocking me everywhere and he's probably mad at me.