Hi, I’m sorry for posting on here but I just needed a place to vent. I’m only 17, and so is my partner, but we are almost 18, and have been saving up for our own place for awhile now. We started dating two ish years ago, and honestly we have had a great relationship. He got my a promise ring and I was convinced this was the one. When I date, I don’t just date for fun. I date because I want to have a relationship. It takes awhile for me to trust someone. I’ve only dated someone seriously one other time, and we dated for like 3 or 4 years. That last relationship I had was abusive, and he cheated on me with another girl. It took me awhile to trust again, until I found my new boyfriend who I will call Zeek. Me and Zeek had a great relationship until about a year in. Before , I had an amazing relationship with his parents, my parents loved him and it was great. Around the time he gave me my promise ring, he was staying at my moms about 4 hours away from home. He started acting really weird down there, and mentioned something about his ex but I pushed it off. When we went back home, I was putting stuff away at his house when he wasn’t home, and his dad just told me to watch tv on his computer until he got back. When I opened his computer, there was a Facebook chat open with his ex and the first words I saw was “I love you “ sent by him. I freaked out and read the whole chat, and it was really weird because they both knew he had a girlfriend, and it wasn’t really flirting. He was like calling her little sister and stuff, and she said big brother. He had sent pictures to her of my house and my animals and even my promise ring. She had a boyfriend too, and she would send pictures of her in dresses and he would say she looked pretty. I confronted him about this and he broke down and just started apologizing. He said it’s not what it looks like and that the guy his ex was dating was his best friend and if he wasn’t nice to her then his friend wouldn’t want to be him friend. We kinda worked through it but since then we have had problems. His parents started hating me, and he forgets stuff all the time. He never wants to hang out or can’t, and his mom even kicked me out of his house once over a stupid argument. I just get sick every time I ask him something. It’s always a struggle to see him. I have Ulcerative Colitis and stress is a huge reason why i am sick and it can make my symptoms worse. I don’t really know what to do anymore. I want to go camping soon, but I don’t even think his parents would let him go. I just feel so disconnected and sad all the time now. Thanks for the help...