About a year ago my uncle moved in with my family, he claims his reason for moving in was because he had just sold his house and wanted to wait for the market to crash before buying a new one. My mom accepted this because she’s a really giving person and she and my uncle had been through a lot growing up and she wanted to help him out. Once he moved in it was never really an issue because he worked odd hours, often only being home from 2am to 11am. Once the quarantine hit he had to keep going to work because he was in an essential service field, but he was really mentally shook by fear from COVID and after talking to a doctor about anxiety he somehow managed to get about 6 months off of work, he hasn’t gone since the end of February and he won’t be going back until the end of July. Ever since we had the switch of him not going to work anymore and being home all the time the dynamics in the house changed drastically. Usually if my uncle had anything to say in the past it was probably going to be something negative about my older brother, but in January my older brother moved out, and the focus switched on me. It grew slowly, often being comments about me getting high (I have a medical card, and I choose to smoke weed for my ADHD and my anxiety) and he would often say that I’m not worried enough about everyone’s lives with COVID 19 and that I was putting them all in jeopardy, despite the fact that it wasn’t my fault that my school closed later than most and I wasn’t going anywhere else. Now it has gotten much worse, at this point he won’t even say hello to me in the mornings when I first wake up, the only thing out of his mouth is a complaint about something I did or even blaming me for things I didn’t do, like one cup left in the sink, or a single water bottle on the table. I’ve taken to having to walk on eggshells around him in my own house, trying not to do anything to set the bomb off. My parents see this and agree with me about how annoying it is, and my dad had to sit him down and have a talk with him about his treatment of me. That was about two weeks ago and it certainly got better for a time, we were actually able to speak again without him calling me names and I even came to his defense once or twice when my mom started talking about how awful he is. This all came to a head yesterday, in one of the biggest blowout fights my family has had in awhile. It was Mother’s Day and both of my older brothers came to visit (no other family) and we were all having a really nice day. Later in the night my brother and I were hanging out in the garage talking and my uncle walks in and immediately hones in on me, saying that someone peed on his floor like an animal and asking if I knew anything about that, he also somehow managed to call me a retard during this (I’m a girl what the fuck how would I pee on his floor). My brother hears this and just immediately goes into what the fuck mode, and my brothers pretty famous for having a slightly bad anger problem, he immediately starts berating my uncle for talking to me like that. My uncle then immediately takes it to the next level, bringing up past fights and raising the volume til they’re yelling at each other, then I see my brother start to stand and I immediately realize that he’s about to make things physical so I start screaming for help and my oldest brother comes sprinting in, pushing them away from each other and my dad brings my uncle inside. Later they come back out and everyone apologizes to each other and I thought things were going to be okay again, until after my older brothers left. I was still in the garage and there were a few wrappers on the table, I was standing to start cleaning up and my uncle walks out and starts to call me homeless for the mess that my brothers had made, as I was in the process of picking it up, he starts to say how clean he keeps the garage and how I just come out there and don’t give a fuck. I just start to ignore him, because it was obvious he was seeking a reaction. I’m still picking up and he’s just standing there insulting me in different ways  trying to get me riled up, he even attacked my boyfriend at one point for “not having a home” (his parents might be kicking him out, it’s a really bad environment and I’ve been trying to help him find a place) At one point I just looked up and he was grinning ear to ear, and I just called him an asshole and left. Now it’s the morning and I don’t know what to do, after the way he treated me last night I don’t even want to see him again but he lives with me so there’s no way I can get around it. My parents know about this but I don’t think they’re going to kick him out. I don’t know what to do from here, any advice?