I (F22) have known her (F21) for 8 solid years. We met in college and started hanging out and became good friend pretty fast. We have shared a lot of bad and good times during this period. A couple of my breakups, a couple of hers. It was mostly good untill she happened to find a guy. First time she ghosted everybody and was Just miserable coming to me only to cry on my shoulder and then get back with the dude that has cheated on her with like half of the city. At first I thought she really needed help, I was there for her. Then I understood she just enjoyed being a victim coz she listened to me, said she would dump him, said she understood it was toxic. Then she would complain to me how they had sex and he said it mean nothing x2000 times. We got into passive-agressive mode and you know how it goes. She insulted me on Twitter (where she had over 1k followers at that time) thinking I wouldn't see it. I got back on it, We had an argument and stopped talking. Then half a year later she tried to get in touch and I gave up and we got to spend more time together. It was amazing. We were travelling, it was really fun. Then another bf came, the same situation. We kept in touch still but I kinda knew what to expect. Then they broke up, she seemed to be fine, got to a psychologist. I was glad to help too. Then I broke up with a guy I spent 4 years together and she suggested I live at her place for a month untill I find a place to rent. I agreed and it was a great time. She didn't make me pay rent, so I cleaned the whole house regularly as I wanted to give something back. We had late night talks, watched series together, I felt really connected. Then one day we decided to move to a other country. I am a freelancer so no big deal in terms of work. She got an invite, so we did move. She helped to find a flat, did a lot of things for me at that time and I really appreciate that. I was genuinely happy to live there with her. Untill guess what. We both found great guys here. I always ask her to hang with us, invite her everywhere, she got the guy over only once. Well, ok. Then at the New years she had a friend over and we agreed to celebrate at home. My bf is a chief so we took the responsibility of making the food for them. They had to bring the drinks which they did. Then they Just sat in the kitchen at 7pm and said let's celebrate now coz we are going to be at BF's house at 12. With no previous warning, we had no other plans than stay at home. We also spend a ton of money on food which is a big concern for me coz I give half of my salary to pay rent and I'm always tight on money. She then asked me if I was angry to which I said yes, but I knew it wouldn't change anything. She went there, we just got in bed and slept through the New year. This is where we started to distance. With the time she found a New friend Who she is talking to 24/7, that bf and I'm here like are we friend anymore? We had our Last friendly talk in January. Everywhere I invite her to, she dieclines. The case is, I would be ok with this if she didn't also make a freaking horrible rommate. It was all ok when I didn't have any agression towards her. I could clean up a few times coz she's my friend and she might be tired after work. Then some of the things became my duties and I noped out of it leaving the 1-bedroom apartment we rent a mess. I bought a mattress and started living in the kitchen in order not to share a room. She was ok with it. Then she took the bathroom for so long I had to move my things from there too in order to use them. I am currently sleeping on a mattress on the kitchen floor. All of my belongings are in the kitchen drawers, I've freed the bedroom. I am tight on money every month to pay the rent in a flat I don't even own a bed in. And she's totally ok with it. A few days ago she returned home with a new table and stuff she bought and asked to divide some of the things we used together. Like, food, makeup, etc. Her food just goes rotten in the kitchen where I live coz she never eats at home. She never cleans it saying she is so tired every day. She still sneaks my makeup and I have to hide it from her. She says I'm nitpicking or she's tired every time I try to talk to her about it or she Just nods her head and does nothing. I previously had a compassion for her coz she is my friend. I now feel like I ended up with just a roommate, and not the best one. She sometimes gets back to a friendly mode just to be gone for a few more days/complain about her bf later. I feel stuck in the place that used to bring me happiness. I don't really know what to do. I could probably rent another room, which would be cheaper as our house is quite new. I don't see the need to pay for it though coz of where I live in the flat. It's just gonna be Hard coz I don't know pretty much anyone in the city and I have a cat, which is an issue if you rent a room, not the whole flat. I'm kind of lost and in need of a different perspective. What do you think I should do?