So my boyfriend (18M) and I (19F), have been dating for around 4  months. Very recently we have begun planning an international trip to Canada to sight see, meet his friends, etc. Here’s where the trouble begins. My mom is very overprotective and must be in control at all times! It might also be relevant that I am her only daughter and youngest child, out of two.My mother has ZERO trust of me OR my boyfriend. She doesn’t believe in my ability to keep myself safe or make rational decisions without her. Now, My bf currently works for the mail service. My bf has been VERY forthcoming with information, giving her his address, phone number, etc. However this simply hasn’t been enough for her. My mother wants to know EXACTLY where he goes to work ( to verify he works??) and has also questioned why she hasn’t met his family  yet .She believes that I will get trafficked, stolen, or otherwise harmed while in Canada  because she “doesn’t know enough”, and “doesn’t trust him”.She has even gone as far to ask for the phone numbers and addresses of his friends in Canada! If that’s not enough, she has asked for him to make a copy of his PASSPORT for her to keep! She has stated that she would “need” a friend of mine or even HERSELF, to tag along before she would feel comfortable, but that wouldn’t be possible considering I’m the only one in my friend group with disposable income as of now. And I would hate to have her breathing down my neck across the pond! I am very excited about this trip and would love to be able to enjoy a mom free week of pure Canadian joy! However this might not happen because of her paranoia fueled demands. I am also contemplating taking my own passport from her possession and keeping it so that she can’t hide or confiscate it from me. I don’t know if I’m being ridiculous or if her behavior is truly irrational. I understand concern and am more than willing to update my location throughout, phone home, etc. . But I feel like she’s becoming increasingly overbearing and I’m trying to nip this in the bud now before I’m 25 begging to travel without her. Help please!