Writing this kind’ve shaking to be honest. It came out of nowhere which is worse. Got a FaceTime call from my girlfriend, she looked upset and visibly hesitant. Asked if she was okay and she more or less stumbled through an explanation that because of the pandemic, some recent family health issues, and just her anxiety and depression, she needed a break. I was floored, but held it together enough to hear her out, I didn’t react negatively to her amazement, which she expected (because of the news not my temperament). I listened and gave my input when appropriate, but was internally unable to cope. We were great together, nothing but laughs, adventures, and pure joy. She was the greatest thing to come into my life, an absolute blessing. She wants to take this break to heal mentally before continuing school as she’s entering her final year of university. Which makes sense, she does have depression and anxiety pretty high up there. This has never been an issue we couldn’t work through, and I’ve shown patience and understanding every step of the way. However, she feels as though she’s never given herself and opportunity to find herself by herself, and wants that confidence build on her own. I’m fully behind her doing this but it’s the alone part that kills me. She’s also uncertain of what the future holds and says she can’t promise that we’d get back together because of differences in our school length and pandemic, and what would happen along the way of her journey. She’s not even sure of the length of time it’ll take to heal. I’m just lost in my thoughts, I’m finding myself looking at her pictures every five minutes, watching videos of her laughing, our silly photo sessions. I also found a new sense of motivation to further myself in effort to get her back, I’m just so afraid of losing her to someone else. We would stay up late and talk about our future together, coming home to each other after work and being able to be together all the time, and that life sounded amazing to me, but now I don’t think I’ll get it. Again I love her so much I’m willing to do this as best friends as she wants but my love is more than that for best friends. I just needed to vent and obviously this is a throwaway but I’m numb guys, truly numb, I love her so much.