So I started talking to this guy in February.. we live in different countries, but we hit it off instantly. Without even having to meet at all. Of course I’ll describe him as the typical guy on the first few weeks of a new thing - sweet, always available, good with words. Nevertheless, our conversations were very easy and fun, and so we planned to meet up in Thailand in March. You know where this leads to.... 2 days prior to our flights we were left with no choice but to postpone our trip 😢 we were both looking forward to it as we both knew it would further solidify whatever we have. I was left really devastated but he assured me that we will get through this, will eventually find our way to each other, and that he does not have any plans of dating anyone so I need not worry. Fast forward to today... he started being cold last weekend and does not text that much anymore. The quarantine activities we have were no longer part of our weeks. I knew something was off when one morning he suddenly told me that he thinks the situation is not doing any of us good and he thinks talking less will help. His reason was because he can’t keep up talking everyday as it serves as a reminder that he wants to see me badly but might never happen this year. In short, the way I understood it was he wants to lessen our communication because it makes him frustrated that we are still talking but don’t have a definite timeframe of when we will meet. I for one did not agree with this because he’s basically the one keeping me together amidst all the craziness going on, but I told him that if he thinks that will help him then he can do whatever he wants. I also told him that I’ll be sad about it but I’m all for whatever helps him cope. The next morning, he apologised and said he doesn’t want to hurt me and what he said may have come out wrong. He also said that he does not want to discard the amazing months we’ve had and that what he meant was just that there would be days he will not be as talkative as usual.. and of course that is fine with me. Until after 2 days of apologising, he’s back to being cold, responds after 5 hours and being a woman, I feel like he’s taking me for granted. So... I don’t know what to do and to feel 🙂 am I overthinking all this? I think I am but being anxious with the lockdown itself, I can’t help but have these exaggerated thoughts and be overly emotional about it.