I love my mum very much but she has terrible taste in men. My dad is psychologically abusive I.e. I’ll never be pretty, skinny, obedient or successful enough to be loved. But my ‘stepdad’ is more aggressive and physically abusive. I’m 25, have recently graduated and moved back home from 3/4 years abroad. I’m skint, so have had to move back home for a few months, job hunting etc which I’m hungry for, I love to work & be independent. I’ve never particularly liked Keith. He’s an ex army guy - the thick as pig shit but ‘thinks he’s smart’ kind. No ambition, he’s gone from shit job to shit job and in the 15 years he’s been with my mum, financially relied on her the whole time. I never liked him as a kid, he’d bark and threaten and scream at us when we were kids, I just assumed one day my mum would see sense. When my brother was 17 Keith head butted him violently. My brother refused to punch back - my brother is a little hero. But of course, she stayed with him. Recently this whole coronavirus has him worked up (he has respiratory issues), and has become paranoid (because he’s addicted to weed) that my brother and I are going to bring the virus into the house - but has no issue having friends & his son & his girlfriend over. This evening after saying he planned to steal hand-sanitiser from a hospital he sometimes works at, i said that was wrong - he completely lost his shit. Screaming, swearing at me to get out & fuck off etc. My mum left the house, went to hide in her office outside the house. I asked him what he was mad about? He wouldn’t say, just  that ‘I’ll never fucking know’. I repeatedly asked him why he was acting this way, then I said I wasn’t scared of him, at which pint he picked up his food plate and threw it at me. I used my wrist to deflect it from my face - which is now swollen. I asked my brother to drive us to dads. My mum has text me since and of course, she’s complaining that Keith just ‘feels disrespected’. It seems a long as he hits and hurts us out of her sight, he’s not such a bad guy. He’s parasite and a coward. He’s scared of dying but would steal from a hospital during a crisis. I’m mad at her, she’s chosen him over us. We haven’t been physical or abusive towards him and yet she’s fine with him doing it to us. Well, now he’s got everything completely his way, pesky step children out the way, the house all to himself and a woman who won’t stand up to him. I’d already had a tough couple of months adapting back & job hunting - now I can’t even be home without fearing more abuse. She keeps downplaying it but I can’t help but feel that this is wrong and can’t be swept under the carpet.