So there is the girl(17) I really like and I THOUGHT she liked me too. The truth is at first I wasn’t even that romantically into her.  But after a while she started flirting with me. She started drawing little pictures on my arm, always gave me that flirty look. Whenever we were in a room together she always sat by me with her feet pointing towards me and smiled. I really was starting to like her and realized how nice she was. She even starting giving me gifts, like she gave me her coffee for no reason that she didn’t even drink from Dunkin Donuts. She didn’t appear to act like that with any other guy that we hung around with. Then the coronavirus happened as you all know. I never actually texted her on Snapchat but I said hi to her but eventually left her on read. I prefer just talking to her in person tbh than over a screen unless it’s completely necessary. I decided that maybe I’d just not text her for a while because I didn’t want to lose her by being to clingy. About 3 weeks to a month later she texts me on Snapchat. I open it and she put “Tommmmmmmmyyyyy I missed you smmmmm” and I responded that I missed her too. She saved all of our texts in the chat. After a while of texting (I was getting in the groove of it lol) I decided to ask her a question. At around 1 o clock this morning I asked her if she had her eyes on anyone. I was so nervous from the reply but I figured she would either say no or she had her eyes on me by the way she acted around me.  I then see she opened it 9 minutes ago. At first I was scared she left me on read. But then she texted me something not much better. This is exactly what she said. “I’m not really interested in anyone right now I’ve been riding solo.” I am devastated especially since I was getting quite attached to her. I just responded, “Ahhh, gotcha.”What does this mean to you guys? From the advice I read on the internet it seems like she just doesn’t like me. But I’m confused because she was very flirty with me, like obvious flirting. And the whole buying me gifts thing, multiple times. Was she just never that into me, and I got the wrong message? Was she flirting but just for the attention? Or was what she said what she meant, and she just didn’t want to be with anyone right now. I’m so confused and had nightmares about this all night.