Me and this boy dated back when we were super young from 2015-2017 I know it hard to believe but we around 11-12 but we could leave each other alone. We broke up in grade nine because there was little to no communication and I had thought that he cheated on me in grade 9. We went on about loves for about two years then the both of us transferred to the same high school in 2019 unintentionally. We have mutual friends but I never talked to him. Eventually we ended up dating again. Honestly everything was perfect and the feeling when I’m with him is surreal it isn’t even worth explaining because you’d have to find your person to feel that way. But we went threw a patch where both of our mental healths were on the line.  We had broken up for about a week to get things start but couldn’t stand it any longer. But then we got back together an I had seen on his phone that he had been talking to a girl that liked him for 2 weeks in a row. I got upset and I left him because I felt insecure and it bothered me. A week or two goes by and we hangout to talk it out and he says something along the lines of what if me and that girl did “something”  And I freaked up and left his house crying and going crazy. A week later he tells me that he didn’t even know why he said that and nothing happened between them two and he said that he’d never talk to her again. Just recently I found out that something actually did happen even though he lied about it and after I broke up with him for even just talking to her. Now he wants me to come over  to talk in person. I really do think me and him are meant for each other it’s such an unexplainable feeling when we’re together but I can’t tell if it’s a deeper problem that I can help with or if he’s just a plain ass whole and that’s just the type of person he is. But I’ve never ever known him to be that kind of person, his mom raised him well and he comes from a family that believes in loyalty to family. And I’ve always felt like I was his peace and if I leave maybe whatever he’s going threw will just get worse and he’ll just become a person of hatred and anger and if I stay it’s either I actually help and he actually changes he’s behaviour or I stay and he just breaks me even worse. So what should I do?