I just need to get this out my chest since I don’t have anyone to talk about this, he was is my bestfriend and the person I talked to about my problems, but regarding this issue I have no one. Okay so a while back I wrote here that my 5 almost 6 year boyfriend broke up with me because he felt our relationship was monotonous. I was completely in shock since I was blinded, I felt in cloud 9 & I felt everything was fine in our relationship since IMO this is the best we’ve been. I was not the toxic girl I once was, I was finally beginning to be happy with my life since I changed careers. I had my downs but he was always there to hold me up so I never felt like anything was wrong. Yes, I began to feel him distant but whenever I asked him what was wrong he just told me he was tired or that he didn’t know what he was feeling (lies. I’ve known him for 6 years, I know something was up, he just didn’t want to tell me I don’t know why because all I ever want to do is help him & make him happy & for him to be happy & comfortable so I don’t know why he wouldn’t trust me) so then he broke up with me, the next day he asked me if I could go to his house because he had something to talk about. He told me that he wanted to try something regarding the monotony of the relationship. He said that the only thing we did was stay at his home & never go out or anything (what I didn’t understand is that whenever I proposed to either eat outside or go somewhere he always said he’d rather go home. We bought the food at a restaurant but went back home to eat, never ate at the restaurant so I was confused there since he’s the one that always wanted to be at home. We only went out when we went to the movies) so okay, he wanted to try dating, going places & stuff but without being in a relationship? Just dating. I agreed because it was his initiative, it’s really hard for him to propose things like this so I took it as an effort to try & save us & like SIX YEARS OF OUR LIVES YOU KNOW. But ever since we haven’t got to any dates. I’ve proposed the movies once in December & he said he couldn’t, Whenever he texts me he’s really really dry & just like, I feel like I’m annoying him & you guys have no freaking idea how much this breaks my heart & my soul, to have the person you love the most out of the blue treat you like you mean nothing to them when I’m more than 100% sure that he does not speak to his girl/boy friends like that, just me & I don’t know why. I’ve been nothing but the best version of myself with him. I literally thought I was being the best I’ve ever been & I don’t know what’s wrong with me that he’s treating me like this. I don’t know what I did wrong, I can’t understand why when I was in my most horrible, toxic self he still stayed with me but when I’m at my best he just treats me like I’m nothing. Just in February I’ve had two near death experiences & he didn’t give a fuck in both of them, literally I could’ve died & he didn’t even ask if I was okay or anything. I really want this to work out that’s why I’m still here trying, I do care about these 6 years but it seems like all this time together means nothing to them, like I mean nothing to him anymore. I just feel like I’m constantly annoying him, but what’s weird is that when we’re together he’s the same lovely, funny, caring, guy he is so I’m pretty confused on why he’s acting like this. I just don’t know what to do, I just need a hug & the only person who can make me feel better with just a hug, is the one who’s constantly stabbing my heart. I don’t want to let this go, us go. Because i love him to death, I want us to work this out. We’ve even talked about marriage, kids, living together, our future. We even have a joint bank account. He is my first serious relationship, my first love, the love of my life, & I can’t imagine myself without him just because of everything we’ve been through & how our relationship began. His family loves me, I love to death his family as well & I don’t see myself without them in my life either. They also mean the world to me because they’ve been nothing but amazing with me, every single member of his family has the biggest spot in my heart. I can even say his family has been better with me than my own family. He literally saved my life. I met him in my darkest days, when I had already tried killing myself once & then I met him, if it wasn’t because of him I would’ve attempted my second time killing myself. He was the only one that helped me & stood by my side during all this stuff, not even my family did something so he literally means the world for me, I owe him my life & I can do nothing but thank him for every amazing moment in my life that I got to experience thanks to him just putting this extra effort in helping me with my anxiety & depression, because he took the time out of his own life to help me, that’s how amazing he is. There’s not a single bad thing I could mention about him. He is seriously the best person you can meet he’s just amazing. I bet everyone is tired of me because in every conversation I have I always bring him up, I’m still as In love with him since the first moment I saw him, & what scares me the most is that he isn’t in love with me anymore. What do I do😞😞😞😞😞