Okaye so I've currently in the past year got in a  relationship with my boyfriend who've I became pregnant and pop in the following month. But in the early stages of us dating i remember a girl that had texted him about his life and how he's   doing. It was  whatever  to me seemed like a normal conversation (we'll call her nani). So when I read there messages in the beginning he texted her as if she needed help and  he was looking for a job to help her out . So me being the GIRLFRIEND I asked who she was and why was it so important to help her.  All he told me was that he felt bad for her and wanted to help.  So I didn't really mind it , plus who am I to tell him no if he just trying to help. Fast forward a month i guess she got out of being incarcerated and her father died . So Nani and my boyfriend wanted to catch up but I guess she was to bussy.  My boyfriend was the one asked if he could see her.  So I told him that wierd like you can be a support system but from far away.  But again I brushed it off. So another 2 months past and I don't know what got into me but we were arguing about how he's to friendly with females and I have mentioned Nani that it's fucking wierd that you do shit for bitches and he gets upset at the thought of me even trying to message a guy back . (I  had advised him since the beginning of our relationship that I have no contact with any ex's and I would never put another man in his place ,for the fact that I have respect so I expect the same back .) He agreed . All he did was look at me and was like "Nani , Nani has a man's ."and starts luaghing. So again I felt like I was the one who was being petty and just picking fights so I left it that I just embarrassed myself . So yesterday 3/28/20 night he came home pretty drunk and I was bored so I decided to grab his phone.  Around 5 a.m I grabbed his phone and seen he texted her again same normal conversation with Nani "how are you ?" But this time I decided to search up her name and popped up 3 different profile pages of her one of 2016 another of 2017-18 and another 2019 and the following one witch is 2020 profile.  So yes I went through her profiles.  Just  the normal  shabby ass female with kids but I decided to look through the messages.  So I come to find out that they've had sex used to have a relationship.  She texted how much she misses his sex.  How much she misses him with her kids. So from these profiles I found out that he's an ex.  ( my boyfriend doesn't have kids only the one I am carrying .)  So here I am like a sitting duck not knowing what to do because they don't talk like that anymore.  But I'm mad and don't know how to come forward with this information since it is in the past but I hate the fact that he making me feel dumb like if I approved there friendship.  So here I am Reddit how should I go about this should I make a big deal since he's still in contact with an ex . Or should I blow it off till it's brought up again  . Just makes me mad that he laughed like if I was a crazy girlfriend when my gut was right.