My long term, serious boyfriend and I are both entering our senior year of college. I'm planning on pursuing a PhD program and he is planning on going to law school. I want to pursue the professor route, but jobs are very difficult to find in my chosen field. Likely, if I want a full-time tenure job, I will have to be willing to move anywhere. I'm stressed about the idea of attending more school, and I'm frankly exhausted. However, I genuinely enjoy the subject and love the idea of being able to teach what I'm passionate about. It will be a cushy job that won't be overly stressful and enable me to eventually raise a family. However, it is uncertain that my boyfriend and I will be able to go to post-grad schools close together (although, I have a decent amount of flexibility about where I go, so hopefully it will be close). We both agreed that if we must we will do a LDR throughout grad school, but we would prefer not to. Additionally, my boyfriend will likely want to move back to our home city after graduation from law school (he would like to stay close to his family). I'm okay with moving back to our home city and being close to my family as well, but there will be few job options for me here. There are few colleges around us (at least colleges I would want to teach at/be able to get a job at). I also have the option of teaching at a local community college, but it would be a pay cut and would do little to advance my career. I'm at a complete lost about what to do. I feel like I will be too educate to settle for a job that I don't want and I don't want to be a stay at home mom (nothing at all against SAHMs, they are lovely and have a lot more patience than I do). I should mention, I will not persuade or try to convince my boyfriend to move away from his family. I wouldn't mind staying in our home city (I would prefer to move somewhere with a better climate, but this is not a big deal). I also understand that there are no guarantees in life, but my anxiety is through the roof. If there were no career complications, I'm fairly certain this is the person I would marry. I'm not a person to give up my goals and dreams for my significant other, but I also don't like the idea of being forced to move somewhere I don't like just for a job and losing my boyfriend. My boyfriend also wants me to make independent decisions and not factor him in at all (not because he's not serious about our relationship, but he doesn't want me to resent him or have to give up any of dreams).  I will also note that my undergraduate degree does not afford me many options. There is virtually nothing I can do without going to additionally school like a PhD program or law school. I was originally going to attend law school, which would have given me more flexibility in locations, but I hated every law/criminal justice class I have taken. I truly love the idea of this career, but it is so saturated that I will have to be flexible. I know you can't give me any answers, but any advice would help.