So I(F18) have already posted about this guy(18) on here before but long story short, I've liked him for about 2 years at this point and he rejected me once despite him making the first move and all. I took the rejection very hard and couldn't get over him until I saw him at a friend's birthday and we reconnected again. We eventually hooked up and started talking daily which lasted for about 3 months at this point. Because he broke my trust once I tried to hold myself back emotionally and didn't push him into a relationship. I also avoided texting him first (a dumb move on my part but this is important later on). Overall we were okay physically and I'd like to think that we have a lot in common but a few days ago we just stopped talking and only sent a few snaps back and forward which isn't a conversation. I got stressed and didn't text him myself because I knew something was off. Eventually, I did text him and he called me so we chatted for a while after which he straight up said that he could not focus on this as a relationship and maybe we are better as friends to which I said I can't talk to him like a friend. He said that he felt like he made me unhappy because he couldn't give me what I wanted but he really cared for me and liked me. He just didn't feel that we had a romantical connection yet and it seemed like although we were ''dating'' something was off like me not texting him etc. The conclusion was that we would take a break and think about what we wanted and if we decided to date we would tell each other. He said that he wants to keep in contact despite not dating because he values me but I told him that would make me feel worse. I then called him and told him that I was not sure about his feelings and felt insecure so we had a barrier that prevented us from being comfortable with each other and that it was honestly mostly my fault (We spent time together but it always felt like we never expressed anything to each other unless it got physical) . But I wanted to know if he was just being nice or if he actually thought this could work out. He said that he did think we could work out and that we would just straight up tell me if he didn't want a relationship. I am not sure what to do at this point. I really like him and want him back but I feel like I was just rejected again. Do I move on, give him some time or try to resolve things?