My boyfriend (24m) and I (22f) have been dating for almost 3 months and we've know each other for almost 5 months. We live in northern Fl. When he asked me to be his gf he said "i want you to be mine and and i me to be yours" and i said "idk if this is too soon but i love you" he said he felt the same way but he doesnt want to use those words :/ he met my mom after we dated for 2 months and I met his family 2 weeks after that. They all had good things to say about him and thats all good. He's had a few gfs before me like 5 or 6 and some of them were vegan and his family was really happy that I talk a lot and that I eat meat. My only boyfriend before this lasted almlst 6 years and his longest one lasted like a year or a year and a half mostly because he moves for drumming. He just got a dog last week and he has been living in my apt with me for a month so far. When we picked up the dog his mom was there and she was telling the other family members about him asking if i was going to drive and he said "ok good" and she said "he said something like ok i love you or something" so i know that he is capable of staying that special L word so i just want him to say it :/ he says that special L word to the dog sometimes. I said "i like you first" and he said it back no hesitation. He said he was crazy about me first. He says "i like you" and i say it back and i say "i really like you" and he says "i like you too" :/ i feel like i should just stop saying it and just wait until he says it now. It just really hurts my feelings and I feel under appreciated and I just want to be loved by somebody. I know hes just a dog but it is like a knife in my chest when he says it. My mom talks to psychics and they say he doesnt want to jinx anything and say it because he has said it before and then they break up with him. It makes me question us sometimes because I remember how easy it was being single doing what I wanted to do and not having drama but i do really like him. I dont even know when would be a good time to say it because i feel like I built it up so much in my mind that now it has to be special  and i dont want to tell him thats why im upset because then he'll say it and it wont mean anything :// Any advice? Anyone go through the same situation?