Hello there. I  haven’t really done anything like this before but I figured it couldn’t hurt to get some stuff off my chest and perhaps get some advice from others. I just created this account specifically for this post and to stay confidential. First off, I’m a freshman in college (18M) that has been naturally shy around people I don’t know very well since about 14. This is mostly due to the fact that I constantly worry about people I don’t know judging me (Ik it sounds ridiculous it’s just the way I’ve been). I’ve never been a big social media guy (I don’t do Instagram and I have a Snapchat but only use it to communicate with a handful of people) and I feel like it definitely has some effect on how I interact with others my age. For the past few years I’ve only really had one amazing friend who I feel truly cares about me and checks in on me daily. I of course have other friend from college but it is much more casual of a relationship (I would never hang out with them outside of school). There have been times over the past year or two when I hang out in a group, have a fun time, then slowly push them away and make excuses to not hang out again. I honestly couldn’t pinpoint why I act that way. I’ve only been out partying legitimately 2 times in my life, so yeah I don’t really get out much :/. Before I keep going I do want to say I am still happy and have a great, loving family life, it’s just this point that I’m about to get into does leave me a bit empty inside. Regardless of all of this social awkwardness that I define myself by, I see myself as a pretty good looking guy and crave having intimacy with someone just like everybody else.  There’s been a few girls that I have gotten close with, but I’ve never been in a legitimate relationships. I’ve come to the point where I realize its unlikely for a girl to just walk up to me, so I know I need to make the first move. I have trouble dealing with this reality though because it makes me extremely anxious just thinking about approaching a girl. I’m naturally very shy out in public and constantly worry about judgement of others, but when I am comfortable around somebody I am a completely different and enjoyable person to be around. I know if I got past that first awkward stage with a girl, that I would never be able to let her go as long as she did right by me. I just need to build up the courage and confidence be more open around strangers. I know I’m taking forever to get to the point but I felt the backstory was at least slightly significant. I am looking for advice on how to approach a girl without being super creepy about it, and how to not psych myself out of it right before I make a move. Thank you for reading this long rant/venting and I appreciate any advice.