This one's been really bugging me. I'll try to keep it simple. I had a friend who I've known since middle school, I'm 21 now. My friend met his girlfriend in highschool, who I also have known for awhile but I've only really known her through him and never really had much one on one time with her. We've all hung out together, joked around and stuff like that but it's never really been a solid relationship. Couple weeks ago I basically came to the conclusion that my longtime childhood friend is a toxic person (It goes WAY farther then that but I'll end up writing a book if I try to explain) and I really don't need that in my life right now. So I started distancing myself from him the problem with this is, along the way I met a lot of really cool people including his girlfriend but because my friend was such a bully I felt like I was in his shadow and always focused on making sure I was "cool" enough for him and kind of felt like they all met a subdued, anxious version of me that wasn't really me. Not too long after I made that decision he broke up with his girlfriend in a pretty dramatic way and essentially kicked her out of his place and I've seen her with some of these people I've met and would consider friends just haven't really hung out with any of them when he wasn't around, and I really want to reach out to them. I have no idea how to even start doing that. My friend still doesn't know that I'm trying to distance myself from them. The pandemic has made it pretty easy to do it so far but I know he's getting suspicious and it's only a matter of time before the confrontation. I don't want to lose these people from my life just because I was too scared to be myself when he was around. I feel like there's potential for me to have some truly great friendships and I feel like it would be a waste to let him ruin this for me. I thought about reaching out to her because she's closest to the situation and could maybe clear some things up for me. But I recognize that she's dealing with her own shit with him and because of the nature of our relationship I wouldn't want to come across like I'm swooping in or whatever. Should I give this some time? How should I approach it? Do I have to let go of all these potential friendships just because they're tied to this one shitty friend?