My boyfriend and I have always been very sexual with each other since the start of our relationship (we had sex on the first date). We’ve been together for roughly a year and half, breaking up and making up in that time frame. He used to frequently ask me for nudes or sext me at the start, which honestly would annoy me from time to time because I felt like a sex object to him. I would occasionally decline his requests for nudes out of body image insecurities or for flat out not being in the mood, which he always respected. The sex was always phenomenal. We would experiment constantly and I even tried things I’d never done before, something I didn’t think was possible since I slept around A LOT my freshman year of college. We’d always say really raunchy things in bed, nothing was really off limits. I felt like I could let my mouth run without much thought, whereas in previous relationships I always had to be careful of what I said in bed because I’ve always been “freakier” than my partners. Lately, things have changed. He never sexts or asks for nudes anymore. The sex now is so bland, the most exciting part being switching from missionary to cowgirl (I spend most of the time on top, most women would agree is unbearable after 10 minutes). He doesn’t say anything in bed anymore other than “yeah” or “you like that?” He barely even moans anymore, and I used to have that man singing. His recent lack of excitement towards me has made me insecure. Part of me believes our sex life has been slowly eroded by our relationship issues. The other half blames it on myself and my appearance, thinking that maybe he had better sex with other women when we would separate. I feel like I don’t excite him anymore and I don’t know what to do. I sometimes resort to the phrases I used in the beginning that really turned him on, but now he’ll just laugh or ignore it. He doesn’t seem to be interested in doing some of the dirty stuff we did before. Maybe his preferences have changed and I’m just failing to keep up. I’ve asked him SEVERAL times in many different ways what he wants to do in bed, but he always says he’s satisfied with how our sex is now. I never believe him because I’m definitely not happy with it, and he doesn’t seem to be as into as before even though he still gets off. I cried during sex for the first time ever the last time we slept together, and I’m not entirely sure why. I love him and want to have a future with him, but I fear that if our sex life goes down the drain our relationship will quickly follow. Is there anything I can do to fix this? Is this a serious issue or am I just being dramatic?