I'm almost at my wits' end here with my roommate. I (25f) live with a 22f and we've lived together for about 7 months. For the most part, we get along really well, but I'm starting to notice a habit that both greatly annoys me and concerns me. I feel like my roommate doesn't respect my time or previous commitments. Yesterday, she messaged me and said we should do a day trip today. I received it while I was at work (I'm essential and have been working throughout the lockdown/quarantine). I couldn't respond immediately and since i was getting ready to leave anyway, i figured i would just talk to her at home. when i get home, she immediately asks me about it. I say that it depends on what time she wants to leave as i have an important Zoom meeting in the morning. she says, rather testily," Just tell me if you want to go or not." I say, I really haven't decided. And I truly hadn't. She replies, "fine. it's whatever. i'll figure it out." And goes and sulks in her room. Later, I go out to the kitchen and she's there. She immediately goes back into her room. I ask her if she's mad at me. She says "I just don't want to do this right now." And goes into her room. Now she's not talking to me. This is becoming a pattern. She will say something along the lines of "we should do this activity this day." She won't ask me if i'm free or if i want to. She'll just say we should do it. If I say no because I have a previous commitment or appointment/i need time to recharge/etc., she'll pout and mope and sulk around the apartment, not speaking to me for two or three days. then she'll decide she's done being mad at me and start talking to me again, but we'll never actually discuss what happened. Then she'll throw in my face weeks later that I never do anything with her and a month or two later, this cycle happens again. I don't know what to do here. I can't always give an unequivocal "yes" when she comes up with these plans. I have other things that I'm doing, other commitments, that are important to me and I don't think I'm under any obligation to give those up at a moment's notice. But just because I don't immediately say yes doesn't mean I'm saying no either. It means "let's have a conversation and figure out a compromise or a solution that we both like." But my roommate seems unwilling to do this. If i don't immediately, unequivocally say yes, then \*clearly\* i don't want to do it and i hate her. I feel like she's reading subtext that isn't there. If i say i haven't decided or i don't know, it really, honestly means i haven't decided or i don't know. let's have a conversation. don't shut down and give me the silent treatment for days. any advice will be appreciated. I don't see that anything i said or did warrants her acting like this.