My (22f) and (35m) boyfriend have been together for a little over two years and I feel like I’m just now realizing that we should not be together. We met on a dating app and were pretty much a couple from the moment we started talking. This was also two weeks after my older brother died. My boyfriend and I got a long really well at first but then things started to get weird. He admitted to me on our first date that he’s diagnosed bipolar and was recovering from a pain killer addiction. I paid no mind to this because I had never met anyone with bipolar disorder and my brother who had just passed, was a heroin addict. I wanted to believe that he would work really hard to stay clean. For the most part he has except for one time when we started going out. I made up excuses at the time but looking back on it I realized how fucked up the situation was. He also gets really mean when he’s stressed or anxious and he takes it out on me. He’s never been physical but he has said some pretty nasty things to me. Every single time he does I get really quiet and I don’t defend myself. Then he turns it around, apologizes, and I forgive him because he can’t help that he’s got a chemical imbalance. I’m that way with most things and I’ve noticed that up until now I’ve been afraid to voice my opinion. He’s also bought me lots of things, taken me to do really cool stuff and I’ve met some great friends through him. I don’t want to lose the opportunities he’s given me and I also feel like if I tried to break up with him he would hold everything over my head and guilt trip me. At the same time he lives with me so if we broke up I don’t know where he would go. Lately his stress level has been low and he’s been really loving but I can’t shake the fact that he’s been really mean to me in the past. The last thing I’m worried about is what if I break up with him and he relapses or hurts himself or his dog or something. I also don’t want to just break up with him out of nowhere because he thinks we’re in a good spot and I don’t want to hurt him... thoughts?