So I have this girlfriend of nearly 7 months. I really like her and I care for her a lot, but I dont feel like I love her. I cant help but feel that ill never love someone because I cant get over my ex, and I feel like shes the only person ill truly love no matter what. We broke up almost two years ago and stayed friends up until about half a year ago after being off and on for three years, and we were really close even as friends, I feel like she really understood me in a way no one else has. but we havent spoken in months ever since I lost ways to contact her. recently her account went active again, but she hasnt made any contact with me, this is weird to me because I thought we considered each other to be good friends even after everything that went on,  I may have been a bit rude to her because I was insecure about myself at the time and was trying to act like I didnt care when really I was still hurt and in love and jealous. But I figured it was time to try and find someone else to be with after she broke up with me for the 4th time, I would give up on trying to be with her and pretend I didnt care, so I ended up dating the girlfriend I have now. But I keep having this thought that since I know my ex’s account is active I should try to make contact. she was someone I took for granted and I would be happy to just have her as a friend again and be able to make things right, because I feel I didnt treat her the best in the weeks before our last contact, or at least apologize for my mistakes. I feel like it would be disrespectful to my gf now to try and reconnect with my ex to try and be friends again or to just apologize. I know my ex is bi and has a gf now and my chances are slim if I was to try and be with her, but I feel like the way things were left off wasnt right, I feel like I love this girl even tho I know I shouldnt. So I need advice on what I should do about my gf that I care about but dont know if I love. And if I should contact my ex to make amends and if im lucky to be friends again. Like should I try to forget the girl I feel I love and try to love the girl I have, or chase the girl I live even if the chances are slim. But Ive dated two girls since I broke up with her and I feel like im just chasing the same type of relationship I had with her.