Mad love at first. Backstabs last. We first met when she found me and went up to me to say I'm cute. Then she confessed she wanted to by my gf. Lol I wish my dumbass should've said no to that anorexic "witch" back then. But since it was my first time dating, I gave it a shot. For the first time, someone that loved me! Someone who I can love back! Someone who would support me share our feelings! She was cool. Very interesting. But she was going through depression. Or I'm assuming "lying" about her depression since she never revealed to me what the hell was up. Like a the dumb teenager I was, I supported her no matter what. I told her " I'm always here if you want to talk... you are my angel!" And holy shit she would tell me shit like "I care about you too, yknow" or "I want to hug you soo hard till you cant breathe! I love you!" Nice at first. A couple weeks, she was crying because one of her "guy" friends hit her. She told me it was some old classmate she met back in school. He told her to stop being depressed or some shit. Lol, I dont think anyone would physically abuse someone just because they were depressed. I cheered her up tho. The next week, she told me she was at a bar talking to some random guys about her depression and guess who showed up? Yep, Mr. Classmate came up to her and "embarrassed" her in front of everyone. She described him as a bully and how he does it to other people. And again, I calmed her down. Been days now and she doesn't talk to me like she used to. She got bored and bored. She would either respond with "ok" or "I really dont care." I thought she gave up on me, but I kept on lying to myself, "maybe she needs some time alone. " and I gave her some space. In the meantime, I got a little curious and get into her business. I decided to investigate what the hell was up with her and maybe check her background. I found her facebook and she got "engaged" to someone on Feb. 10. I met her Jan 28 and got engaged on Feb 2. Must be that she posted it late or something. Then I see her taking a selfie with some random dude. "Must be one of her friends" I thought. I went to his page and I find a pic of him kissing her. Mouth to mouth. Uploaded Feb 6. I felt sick to my stomach, I just couldn't no more. I found a way to contact Mr. Classmate (who's name was Brad) and I explained who I was and told him I didnt wanted any beef with him, I just wanted to ask a couple of questions. He was cool and chill, and he payed for the food we were dining at while talking. Turns out, he never even hit her. He was just trying to tell her to stop lying to everyone, about her being a sad thotie. She pulled the trick on him before, she pulled it on her last ex, and now she done it to me. He told me she was doing it to gain attention from guys, because she wasnt that good looking. He one time tried to get her a help from a psychiatrist, but she slapped and beat the living hell out of him. I explained my side of the story and I also told him I raised suspicion that she was cheating on me. And guess what? Brad have said he has seen her going out with someone before, holding hands. Showed him the image and bingo! That was him! Yesterday, my so-called "gf" and I went to the park and she fell asleep in my shoulder. I took a peek from her phone and some dude named Ceasar, kept on sending her messages "where are you bae? Luv u" and I cannot believe it. Tomorrow's my move and I want to break up. Any suggestions on how to approach this old hag-lookin' harpy?