My boyfriend and I (f) have been together for two and a half years. He was my escape out of an abusive relationship and he treats me well. I'm here because I feel like we're losing our connection and I don't know what to do. He just met my family after 2 years, but only because I was pregnant, and I just talked to his mom and sisters over the phone (never actually met them). We don't have any mutual friends so we only hang out with one another or our own friends. I'm graduating in a year and I was going to hang around our college town for him but now I'm not so sure. He never talks about marriage and I'm not sure if that's something he's thinking about. At the brief implication of it previously, he kinda freaked. I don't expect to get married right now, but I also feel like 2 and 1/2 years is enough time to figure it out, right? He doesn't do any of the things he used to do anymore like small gifts of appreciation or screenshotting pictures of me (he doesn't compliment me, ever). The lack of compliments have really affected my self esteem. He also doesn't do oral. I know sex isn't everything in a relationship, but I miss that so much and I feel like that's why we don't have as much sex anymore. He's an early bird and I'm a night owl and he nags me about it all the time. He doesn't have a job, which isn't terrible in and of itself, but he also never has money. He doesn't have a car. He doesn't really celebrate any holidays, including Valentines Day. Material objects aren't a requirement for me, but he also doesn't know how to use his words. We lived together for a year but then moved back into our own spaces afterwards because we were closer. He treated me right after such a bad relationship and has always been there for me, I appreciate him so much and I feel like I owe him, but I also feel unappreciated in our relationship. I love him deeply, but I'm not sure I'm in love with him. I've been in love before and it was like I was obsessed with the thought of the other person, I never got tired of them, but this is also my longest relationship, so is that the problem? I know relationships aren't easy and aren't magical all the time, but is it supposed to be like this? Leaving him would hurt me. I know opposites attract but is that what this is? What should I do? Should I stay, am I being overdramatic? Should I leave, are we incompatible? I truly don't know.