There are plenty of unhealthy factors in my relationship but the one that affected me the most happened recently and I don’t know how to feel. My(25 m) significant other (32 f) has a lot of mood swings, it’s one of those situations where when it’s good it’s great and when it’s bad it’s REAL bad. I have a really awesome close family and I found out my sister was pregnant which was so exciting and huge. 3 months later she lost the baby. I know it’s common and many women experience it ( god bless them all) but it killed me. I was so sad for my sisters sadness and the baby. I felt guilty for the amount of sadness I felt because if I was this sad I couldn’t imagine how bad she felt. My sister is kind of blunt and would call me crying and say stuff like “what did I do to kill my baby” and my heart would just break. I couldn’t get myself to even speak it out loud so for three days I kind of just harbored it. So my significant other saw me while I was mopey and sad. One day I went over and she was wrapping presents (around Christmas time ) and I just got off a hour long phone call with my sister so I was kind of in a daze of hurt. I guess my girlfriend took that as me being miserable at her house so she started getting angry and if wrapping presents for her kids made me so miserable then I’m just a shitty person . So that’s when I decided to explain that it wasn’t her and told her what was happening. I expected her and anyone in this world for that matter to be understanding and sensitive (maybe a hug ) lol but instead she flipped out . She told me that it was immature and that it is not my pain to feel (which I already felt that way) . And continued with her anger and told me to go home and basically that I was ruining Christmas. She also had a miscarriage years ago so maybe she was gatekeeping because of that ? Idk . I know a lot of time has past since but other actions made me think about this and I was wondering if that’s something that shows she’s not the right one ? Or if it’s some psychological thing that I should understand ? Or if I really was making the event about me ? I can never trust my own thoughts because she’s really good at convincing me I’m wrong but I was wondering the opinion of a bunch of strangers on the internet. All I know for sure is that the sadness was real and not me trying to get attention. But I was convinced I was wrong and so now even making this post is kind of worrying me that I’m doing it again ?? Idk