Hello all! I'm 21 years old, married to a US Navy Corspman. Currently stationed in Japan and we are having a buttload of issues. I don't really know where to start so i'll start at the beginning and see what you all think, any advice, etc. So to start things off, we've been together for almost 2 years. While were were starting our relationship he was stationed In Illinois, while I was back home in Michigan. About a month into the relationship he had called me and told me he had cheated on me...and thanks to my better judgment I forgave him. Fast forward about 10 months, and after many trips back and forth over state lines, crying and fighting we had broken up. We were broken up for about a month, then two months later we had gotten married. Things were great for a while but then things kept getting worse. He became very manipulative, making me feel like trash over stupid things like not being able to visit him, putting me down and whatnot but I let it go because I assumed it was because of the distance. Well two months after we got married we had to move to North Carolina. I uprooted my whole life to be with this man, to move with him and he just didn't appreciate me or anything I would do for him. I was put in charge of finding a house, getting utilities together, and figuring out how to pay for everything. But, no appreciation. Once we had gotten to NC, things went down hill fast. He was going through a course with the Marines and wasn't home and at that point my mental health started to go deteriorate. About a month and a half of being alone, I ended up sleeping with another man. I took full responsibility for my actions and dealt with the consequences. After a while, he had forgiven me but at that point I knew it was over. He had threatened to kill himself....so I stayed and changed myself. All of myself. Once we had gotten everything figured out and things were going fine, we had gotten orders to Report to Japan. He left less than a month later and I was by myself yet again. My mental health plummeted and I was just not myself. We were fighting all the time. Literally all the time, I resorted to self harm, hating myself, not sleeping, not eating. All while he would accuse me of cheating on him, not adding me to his bank account (I was out of a job at the time) so I was always asking for money, and sometimes he would say no to me. He would always make jokes about me cheating and once he tired to joke about him cheating on me. Always made me feel like my feelings weren't valid. I told him that if he didn't go to therapy, and didn't set up an appointment for us to go together I wasn't going to Japan. I've been in Japan for over a month and nothing. No changes. He lied about going to personal therapy, and lied about setting up the appointment for couples therapy. Continues to make "jokes" about me cheating, puts himself first, and no appreciation. I'm leaning towards just leaving and flying home, but part of me wants to stay...because he will just turn it around on me and make me feel like none of my feelings are valid. He'll threaten to kill himself (again), and I am just mentally and emotionally tired...and I need help with finding the courage to leave.