This is probably going to be super long but help would be appreciated. So basically me (21) and my girlfriend (21) just broke up for the second time. We were dating for the first time for about 3 years and broke up the first time because when I moved away to college things got pretty complicated. She wasn’t understanding of girls I would meet and would get mad if I hung out with them or if they liked my pictures even though they were just friends. We were both like this with each other for a while and it caused me to lose feelings so I stopped caring and didn’t question her about any guys or anything and broke up with her after about a month of that. We didn’t talk after that for about 3 months then we were friends and would have sex whenever I came back from college or she would come visit me here every about once a month. When we broke up she would always talk about how she was scared to give her body up to someone else and didn’t want a relationship so she didn’t have to plan sex. She ended up having sex once when super drunk and told me about how much she regretted it. November comes around we start talking a lot more, I start to catch feelings again because I realized how much she really cared about me, she was there for me through everything even when I was going through a lot even when we weren’t together.  Then we decided to start talking in December and started dating again in February. Things were a lot different this time. She admitted that what she did was wrong and was completely understanding if I had friends who were girls and never questioned me. I also was not perfect in the last relationship and in the second time around I would question about guys sometimes but I wouldn’t get mad, I would just communicate my concern and she would get super upset and blow off or ignore the conversation because she says she doesn’t like confrontation. She said that I had no reason to question anything when she has given me her 100% loyalty. She’s right about this but I just have questions sometimes and this makes me feel wrong for asking them. These passed 3 weeks I’ve been stressed out with a broken foot, finals, coronavirus, quitting nicotine and have been really rude and have been getting angry at little things. This caused us to have a lot of arguments. Fast forward to Saturday she breaks up with me over text. She didn’t give any explanation at first because she said she needed her space then we then talked about it and she agreed to come to my house at college an hour away from her to talk about. She said that she doesn’t want an attachment right now because a relationship limits things you can do. She has a lot of guy friends and likes to go out drinking with them. I can confirm they are just friends. When we were dating she wouldn’t really go out with them because she said I would get mad even though I told her to go out, but then she says if you’re in a relationship you shouldn’t be doing that anyways. She said she doesn’t want to have to tell someone that she’s going out or have to be forced to communicate with them, that she wants to work on herself and not have a relationship until she’s done with college. She says that she doesn’t want to have sex with or be with anyone as she was last time except that one night stand, and that she truly just isn’t happy in life right now and needs to work on herself and it’s not fair to me that she’s not happy. Back at community college I used to help her a lot in classes and she said she feels she only got the grades she did because of me and she wants to have the feeling of doing her bachelors degree by herself and I’m too much of a dependable person and will offer her/ accept her request for help in school. She said that when she’s done with college and knows what she’s doing in her life she would like to try the relationship again if we’re both on the same page but she has no guarantee that she’ll want a relationship with me then. She said she wants to be friends but it’s completely up to me. She keeps insisting I did nothing wrong and this truly has to do with just her not being happy. I ended up breaking down in front of her crying, it just hurts to me because I want the relationship and she doesn’t but there’s nothing I can do about it and that’s her decision, and she needs to do what she needs to do to be happy, but I wish I could be there. After the talk about the break up we hung out for a bit and had sex. I told her to reach out to me whenever but that I need some time because I can’t just see her as a friend immediately. During sex she said “can I hit you up for dick” which was weird to me. She ended up texting me as soon as she got home like nothing ever happened and started a normal conversation. Earlier she told me that she’s emotionless and heartless about everything right now and doesn’t know why and that she’s been feeling that way for a few weeks and has never felt it before and that she literally has feelings for nothing including me but she knows that she has feelings for me but they’re just masked by whatever she’s feeling right now. She really has been emotionless and I’ve never seen her like that in the 5 years I’ve known her. I’m confused on how to even go about this. What does all this even mean? Do I have a chance with her ever again?