So I’ve only been dating this guy for like 3 weeks now and overall I love his company! We always have a ton of fun together and it never seems like there’s a dull moment. Well I’ve noticed certain things that bug me over time. One such thing is the fact that he doesn’t respect the fact that I don’t feel entirely comfortable with PDA. It’s one thing to kiss me or give me a hug, but he has consistently tried to stick his tongue in my mouth, slap my ass, and lift up my shirt while we’re in public. I’ve told him multiple times to not do these things and at first he would usually respond with laughing and teasing me about it. More recently he will apologize but there seems to be no effort to actually stop. This is a little personal....but when we first had sex I cried near the end, not because of anything he was doing but just because I got a lil scared and I’ve had some bad sexual experiences. He immediately stopped and held me until I was alright and he told me that we didn’t have to do anything. I thought it was really sweet and it made me happy he cared. Well like 2 days ago he made fun of me for that incident pretending to cry like I did in that moment. I was extremely hurt and shocked he would think that was okay. I mentioned it to him and he apologized to me and explained to me how he was just trying to make me laugh. I feel like he has good intentions but I’m just sensing a lack of self control and awareness towards others. I know I can’t change him but I just wish he would take me more seriously. I told him today that I wanted to get together in person so we could talk and I plan to lay these feelings out for him. I’m worried because its only been 3 weeks and I already have to have a “sit down” with him but I really like this guy and I want to find a way to make this work. Whenever I need him most he’s always there %100 and I trust that he has my back. It’s in these more normal, day to day interactions that I feel he just doesn’t seem to care or reflect on his actions or words. I’ll make sure to keep y’all updated on what he says when I speak to him.