I feel like my boyfriend of 2.5 years is gaslighting me. On Friday I went to dinner with my boyfriend and all was fine until he said something about my sister. He said although she is a nice girl she is not “well-read”. So I asked him what he meant by that, and I asked him a question and never stated it. He told me what he meant, then I proceeded to ask him what would be the difference between someone who is well-read and between someone who is not well-read and he explained to me, so I asked him “so my sister is stupid ?” He started to flip and say after 10 minutes of him defending my sister, I focused on that and stated that I thought she was stupid and that I didn’t ask a question. I kept trying to explain to him what I meant and that it was a question but it felt like talking to a brick wall, and he kept saying I was wrong and that I didn’t ask a question. I kept telling him to not ruin the night and we should just move on from the topic but he wouldn’t. He said he wanted to leave then we got up and he said he would walk me home but isn’t going to stay around. I didn’t feel like being around him anymore due to the fact that I kept telling him in the restaurant to let it go but he wouldn’t. He left me there so I decided to go to a friend's place. He called me twice while I wasn’t looking at my phone and as soon as I told him I was going to a friend's place he started to act like he cared and saying he went to her apartment to wait for me. I told him it was too late as I have been trying to apologize and make things right for half an hour in the restaurant before we left. He got mad said he is going to leave then we didn’t talk for a few hours. I decided to message him the same night saying I’m sorry and that I love him, he responded in the morning saying he felt the same and apology accepted. As soon as he found out I slept over at my friend's place he flipped and brought up the fight all over again. The last thing he said was this discussion is over. The next day he passes by and drops a letter with a small gift in my mailbox then calls me saying to check it. When I picked it up and went back to the apartment I called him and he didn’t respond then I texted saying it was sweet I’ll always keep that gift close to me. He said I didn’t sound enthusiastic and he will talk to me later. My intercom rang and it was him, he came into my place and when I tried to hug him he denied the hug and said he was just here to explain the letter and gift. When I tried to talk to him about the problem he wouldn’t let me and left my place. I followed him downstairs and he told me what bothered him about the fight was how I defended my sister and I wouldn’t admit what I said was a statement and not a question. He didn’t want to listen to me, was basically stonewalling me and said he was leaving. When I left to go upstairs he messaged me saying he stayed in the building for a bit to see if I cared but I just left and now he won’t hear from me for weeks. I called him trying to apologize for my behavior and he wouldn’t take it and the last thing he told me was “big disappointment you are”. After that, I didn't want to be a doormat or be disrespected when I was trying to patch things up and talk it out.  We haven’t talked since and it’s been three days but I’m not planning on texting or anything. Am I wrong in the situation? Or am I a victim of gaslighting ?