Here's the thing. I always saw the potential for the best in you. But you always leave. You dont stay in your head long enough to hit exilleration,  because let's be honest. Intimacy, not your forte. T- she was a kugle master. S was honest and open which allowed us to explore without any nerves. And M - Well she was my first love. I'm 6'2 she was 4'11. And we had fun. I could have had fun like that with you. Could have been better than all 3. But in the end, your just mean and cruel. Who contacts all of your partners exes and parade a false representation of what I shared with them intimately. In the past I would always say they were one of my crazy exes because you get obsessive. But here's the truth. T- I would have prolly ended up marrying, but I allowed drugs and Jake's death to began driving a wedge between my ability to have a normal relationship. M- the only reason I didnt apologize to you, was I was talking about the past 8 years. Not the past 15. We both fucked up in that relationship. But we both owned up to our problems. That's why I always felt we could talk. The only reason any of you got banned was because of C. She is triangulating you all against me. If that's not obvious. Recruiting what they call flying monkeys out of you all. S- I didnt want you to get hurt. I thought she was never coming back. But she did. And she manipulated me in ways I sit ashamed. She wants you to hurt too. She wants all of us to hurt. Because healthy relationships are not what she possesses. That's why she has multiple accounts and hides under alts and can never say things to my face. All of you I cherished as part of my growth in becoming more mature. As far a my narc. I promised her my heart. She is looking to suck everything good that's left out of my life. She can have all of me. And be real. Though I doubt she will. Or she can deal with the folly of her ways. One thing is for sure. A narcissist will collapse. A narcissist will cry. A narcissist will beg. Then the mask will slip, then I'll possibly see C one last time before she gone.