Somebody tell me how we go from "together forever" to "you're my best friend". I stopped taking my medication. I worked a shitty pizza job with no benefits and i didnt make any effort of staying medicated. My everyday life had took a toll on me and i snapped. He was just trying to wake me up for work. I tried but he pushed me and i hit him....im not a big girl, my punches did not hurt but it made him feel some type of way. He told me to get out and i threw my engagement ring at him and stormed off into the cold. I quit my job, my car had just broke down two weeks prior. I was manic. I went to family. And the next time we talked, he clearly had it in his mind that he didn't want to be in a committed relationship with me anymore. He wanted to focus on his life and i should do the same. (Fuck all the  "love" we have for each other) (Fuck all the time we invested in each other) That tore me apart. Ive never cheated, ive never lied. In fact ive been upset before and stormed off and he told me he didn't care as long as i came home. I thought he understood me. This time he threw me away. But he wont give me clarity. He wont tell me that its a break or that he is coming back. He wont tell me its over. He want to give me the title of a friend, treat me like im still his woman but send me back out when he don't have time for me. Im going through all 5 stages of grief daily. I want him so badly to mutually make a decision weather to stay or go but he refuse. He said he don't consider himself as single and he is not looking and that i am his baby. But its not direct or clear. So i tried to make a decision by just cutting everything off. But sadly i always give in. This is the 100th time of me being the bigger person and moving on without hopes of us fixing things....i just dont understand. In my mind if he truly love me like i love him this isnt grounds for ending a relationship shit happens people get through it together and everything is ok. But it make me wonder.....if i hadn't of hit him that day. What would have been his excuse to leave me. I was good to him we were good to each other. Somebody explain. There is so much more to say. But this is the basic.