You’re definitely tired of me pulling this stupid bullshit but i gotta get it out if i wanna heal. Ever since I met you, you were the perfect guy I always dreamt of meeting. Somehow god bestowed some man that was so good looking, so funny, and just had so many pros to him. I couldn’t believe I was lucky enough to even talk to you. When we went out on a first date I thought that you were going to dump me afterwards, but you didnt, we continued to go on so many dates, facetime calls felt like blessings everyday. Getting to talk to you, learn about your life, your history, learning everything about you made me so happy. For some reason when I met you the depression I was dealing with left, I never knew that dark and scary feeling again after I met you. Once we ended things I thought it was too good to be true, I tried my best to move on. Then one day you came to tell me you wanted to try again, and though that ended abruptly, for a second I was ready to be something.  Not even sayin that to sound creepy, but I wanted to be there for you, more than a friend.  That night, that one night, we talked about why you flaked out on our second shot at things, that was the worst night of all. Realizing I wasnt going to go out on a date with you anymore physically hurt. On top of all of that, you were dating someone else, you probably are in a relationship with someone else as we speak. Here I am, relapsing day in and day out wishing I could just have you. It still hurts everyday, whatever pain ive been feeling is pain I haven’t experienced before, discomposed with jealousy, wishfulness.  Hearing you talk about who you’re going on a date with, who you’ve went out with, all of it gives me a harsh reality check, I’m not saying it to make you feel bad or make you feel like you cant talk to me about that stuff, i have to hear it, to remind me to get over my feelings. I cant be with you, not in the way I had hoped from the start. Here I find myself crawling on glass to do anything to talk to you, and I still do. I dont know if I can move on, I know I have to and eventually I will, but you were the first guy i could say I really really liked. I always wondered why so many of your ex’s apparently turned out to be toxic for you, I always thought, am I even good enough to be considered an ex? Was my time to him meaningful enough?  Or have I just been a friends with benefit from the start?  We didnt make anything official by any means, so I dont label anything as such. But i cant ignore that it just feels like it, one way or another, the one thing I didnt wanted to be was “JUST a friend you had sex with”, yet here I am.  Not saying it in a bashful way, more of a regretful thought. If i knew things would’ve ended up this way, i think id rather we just met as friends with no intention of doing dates or anything. Nights like this make me feel awful, you’re so experienced in things, so lucky to have people actually develop crushes on you, I have never experienced that at all and hysterically it doesn’t suprise me.  I think back to the times when we would cuddle in your car after getting lunch, when you would ask to hangout after class and i knew it was a date, or when you kissed me in my car. Sometimes i even think back to when we had sex or maybe more fitting to say, hooked up. My friends have known what happened about things between us, they tell me to leave you, to shun the thought of even staying friends, that you were toxic to me, but i still cant believe them.  Although im in denial, our past issues definitely could have been handled better. I still think of you as a good person. Im a friend to you, and I always will be, but God i wouldve been so lucky to call you a boyfriend, even if it was short-lived. Thats it, that all of it off my chest.