My ex bf(34) and i (30) had a long distance relationship for 5 months. We met last  December and he returned in europe bcoz of his work but he wants me to Visit him this march but due to lock down so it has changed the plans. The first time i met him... i felt drained, my anxiety is on the roof and he likes rough sex which i dont. I felt like im not myself with him and while he was away, i attempt to break up with him last january but he doesnt want it. Last feb, he stopped talking and called he realized all he did was wrong and told me not to do it again and promise to make me confortable and happy so i agreed to get back together. Then last month, i notice he doesnt call or text that often which i have this bad feeling that he is gonna break up with me. on 1st of april, he sent a message that were not compatible with our relationship and he wants to break Up with me and i called. He mentioned about not compatible personalities and I said you mentioned “we will meet and never discuss negative stuff esp online. We will only talk when we meet. “He cried and inserted “i will go to jail” i couldn’t believe at first. The police called 3 weeks ago to him,they found out He didnt pay tax for his company and lied with invoices to the government. when we met, he was stingy when its comes to money and even scold those sellers who try to rip him off. Thats y i cant believe.I know him he started to think bad things in advance which it didnt occurred yet and told me that he will be in jail for five years and he cant process the visa for me bcoz he will spend money for lawyers and He will lose his current job If they found out plus hell b broke after jail. He Mentioned that no one will hire him bcoz of criminal record too.He said he doesnt want me to be part of his problem. He want to fix it on his own. He told me to find another guy and cried that he is sorry about me and about us then He sent money the next day which i refused and confused why he is doing this? and if i need help i will call him he said. He also told me he will contact me after 3 months  bcoz the borders will b opned in 2 months in his place. Or call me when everything is fine one day but he thinks im already married with somoene by the time he calls me.The next day, i tried to call him but i no longer contact him. Im worried bcoz his family didnt know about this... only me. Does he still want me after what happened? Do you think he is telling the truth? Should i move on and never look back? Im sad because We were talking about marriage, future plans and  i want to give him a chance if were living together.