My daughter was diagnosed with depression with psychotic features. It can be overwhelming and requires a lot of patience. She’s also 15. Last year we moved out of state for her job and my daughter had a mental break. She’s been hospitalized 3x. I decided to move back home and my wife stayed in the other state. I called my ex who I have an amicable relationship with and asked him to help take her to her appointments. My wife hates my ex. Long story cut short he wasn’t a good husband. I left him for her and they had some words in the past. She hates my ex so much she blocked his number from my daughters’ phone so he had no contact with them while we were out of state. (When I found it I fixed it but it was prob blocked for 6 months.) I don’t know if this contributed to my daughters depression. She’s always bad mouthing him. Years ago I confided in her that when I was with him I was so depressed that I would drink and he would have sex with me when I was drunk. She said that was rape and has never let that go. I think she’s right but I’ve moved on from what I went through with him. He has always been a good father not the best but he pays his child support, picks them up from school on his days off and pays 50/50 medical expenses, gifts etc. My daughter was really close with her dad. I have 3 daughters from that marriage. The one with depression is the eldest. My wife is so mean to her. She ignores her, is really bossy with her and has no sympathy for her depression at all. The times she has been hospitalized have been because my wife triggers her. My daughter once threatened my wife with a pair of child scissors. My daughter is a straight A student who is typically very mellow. She does have her teen moments and most recently she tried to commit suicide by taking all of her meds but I stopped her. During this my wife flew to be with us and is now here quarantined with us. My daughter was staying with her dad but she came back home on Monday. She was staying with him because she had just been discharged from the hospital for the suicide attempt. Well my wife won’t talk to her. She told me that she has no feelings towards an ignorant kid who defends her rapist father. She wants me to tell the girls that he’s a rapist so that they stop talking to him. I’m so overwhelmed. She doesn’t allow my ex to walk up to my car, our house or to have my youngest daughters cell phone number. She’s so controlling. She hates him so much she has wished he was dead before. I’m worried about my daughter. I know my wife will have to leave soon and I’m kind of looking fwd to it. I’m so tired of this. I also forgot to mention she asked me to have a baby with her so that she could have that experience with me.. so I did. He’s almost 2 now. Since he’s been born her anger towards my ex and my daughter has worsened. She threatens to take him from me because she says I’m putting him in danger by having him here with her. I’ve gone to therapy with her and she ends up hating the therapist for “taking my side.” She refuses to talk to my ex or my daughter but she gets a long with my other 2 daughters. What’s left for me to do? I’m not going to kick my daughter out.. I think that’s crazy! She really believes that she’s right and I’m wrong.