I’m an 18 year old male for reference. So this is really just a question to see if anyone else experiences this sort of thing or has any opinions on it. Countless times over the last year or so I will convince myself of something I.e. my girlfriend doesn’t want to have sex with me or she doesn’t find me attractive, or she’s only with me because of my personality and things of this nature. I’ll bring these up with my girlfriend and no matter how much she reassures me nothing will remove these thoughts from my head and they just fill it up and I keep convincing myself that these things are true. It’ll lead to things like me not initiating sex because I believe that she doesn’t want to do it even though she will happily initiate it, and I know deep down she does. These worries normally last a few days and don’t necessarily interfere with our relationship with eachother, but do interfere with what said worry is about, for example sex or making plans to see each other. They normally start because I will take something she said or did completely out of context. For example, I will try initiate sex, she will not be in the mood (tired etc) which is perfectly reasonable, I will then get the thought in my head that, for example, she’s done things with other people in the past she’s not even been in a relationship with, then this will sit in my head for ages and make me feel inadequate and like she doesn’t desire me, and no amount of reassurance will fix it. It just sits there and refuses to budge and it’s all I can think about and I become more withdrawn. I feel bad because me worrying about that may come across as if I feel entitled to sex, which I certainly don’t and would never pressure her. This will also happen, for example, if we make plans, and for some reason I feel like she doesn’t want to do what we planned to do, and that thought will just sit in my head no matter what, and I’ll continuously say things to her like “we don’t have to do this you know,” or “maybe we should leave this.” Sometimes this is due to me picking up on a tone in her voice or something she said, or just nothing at all. I feel awful about it because she’s never done anything wrong and it makes her feel bad, and I really want to figure out a way to help this. I also suffer from retroactive jealousy pretty badly, to the point where I can hardly bring myself to say the names of her exes without feeling overcome with a sort of sadness and anxiety and weird feeling in the pit of my stomach (my own problem, not hers, which I completely understand). I never take any of this out on her, it’s not her fault at all. I just want to know if anyone else suffers from anything similar, or has experienced anything like this, and would have any sort of advice?