We were talking for two weeks online and then he flew on the other side of the world just to see me in person. we spent three weeks together. before i met him, i start to feel really nervous and afraid of him before I met him and idk why. Like I feel like i want to run away but also I dont like to do that because online is different in person so I decided to meet him after two weeks of chatting online. During the meet up I was happy but as I start to know him his first impression was not great! he's easily angry to other people especially when it comes to money. when i made a mistake he gets angry and yelled at me. he also doesnt like when people ripped him off and get angry easily. he threaten to divorce me (but we are bf and gf atm but he likes to marry me one day)if I cheat or if i become a western woman and become materialistic.He also likes rough sex which I dont like and it made me feel uncomfortable more.  so i felt unsafe and not happy.When he returned to his country,he told me that  he will process my visa and visit his country but due to virus we will wait until its safe to travel.  when hes back i wanted to end the relationship because he knew i was scared and not comfortable with him but he doesnt want it. However one day he stopped communicating with me for about 3 weeks. I knew he is doubting over me and thinking he will be gone for good this time and one day he messaged me and called. I told him why you never kiss me passionately or not romantic to me. I felt like you just want sex not love. He answered that it has nothing to do with that. he said that his ex gf also asked the same question why he never kissed her passionately  too. He said he admits that he is not romantic but told me he loves me because he even loved his ex and regret to leave her but because he was not ready to marry her at that time because he doesnt have a good job to raise a family. The next day after I asked him that question. He realized his actions especially the first time we met. that all actions he did was wrong and he apologized to me. He realized why I was afraid of him because he uses his personality with me with his job. He said he was dealing with old employees and these employees are rude to him because he is young and he has higher position than these old employees and he works in different country which they felt like this man is taking their jobs over him but he is just doing his job so in order for them to follow. He has to tell them if you do this and that you will get fired. He has to be leader for them to follow him. He told me that he thought in this way, I will never cheat or do bad things in the future if he told me those things to me but I told him that it made me feel more scared and not thinking about the future because he was talking of negative about future if I do this or that he will divorce me. I was happy to hear that he realized everything he did was wrong because  I told him I didnt feel safe when he said those words to me. He told me he promise he will change and make me feel comfortable and not giving me pressure and he said if i see that he start to behave like that i have to tell him. He will promise to control his anger too. He also send help to me due to lock down many people dont have jobs and we have no pay if we have no work. so he send money for me to buy food for my family aswell. Should I gave him a chance? what do u think? Ive been ruminating and i dont like it.