I’ve been married 5 years. I’m 32F and husband is 38M. We’ve been together around 8. So we have been having issues non stop. We’ve had a rough marriage and not all our fault. First two years, lived apart. Then the past 3 we did multiple rounds of IVF with no success. I almost died from an ectopic. It was a whole thing. We decided to quit In November and started foster care and now have a teenage daughter. Which brings its own challenges but we were ready. We just knew it would be our year. My issue with my husband is there is NO communication or much thought from him. He doesn’t joke, or play. He has never said, hey let’s do XYZ. He plays video games and if I make plans he will go but it’s limited until he is over it. I have issues too. I pick fights, like just to get him talking I think. It’s subconscious at this point. Anyways, we’re in therapy, struggling but trying to get him to just be a human with me. My therapist even told him how bored I must be. But this week... out of the fucking blue... his dad died. It’s awful. I’m sick about it. We were all so close. And to make it worse he died in Spain on a business trip. I bought my husband a flight to try to get there in time but he passed 4 hours before he arrived. It was absolutely sickening. But now, everything I do is wrong. It’s just already so hard! I’m so scared this will be the end of us. I miss his dad too. But now lm just getting snapped at for everything I do. And it’s things he is asking. He will bring up some form, and I’ll say oh yea I asked.. then interrupts  and says I said I don’t want to talk! I’ve been patient but quietly crying in the bathroom. Please tell me what to do. Now I’ll never have him fully. Like talk about shutting down. He is gonna be gone forever I feel like and now mean. He wasn’t before, just quiet. Am I selfish. Maybe just the vent feels good. I’m sick over all of the arrangements and doing everything I can. But I’m also struggling ya know. This isn’t bringing us closer, just further. I’m trying though. I want to help but i have limits. Please send help!