I (25f) just broke up with my ex boyfriend (28m) a couple weeks ago. We have two kids together so it’s been a rough couple of weeks for me mentally. I’m battling with my decision because he’s been doing everything I’ve been needing from him NOW that we’re broken up. What the heck? He now communicates with me when I do something that bothers him instead of ignoring me for hours or days, he actually listens to me when I communicate with him and instead of telling me I’m wrong of that I’m stupid or annoying for having opposing opinions, he actually validates that we have different perspectives and doesn’t get angry like he use to. I hate arguing or fighting in front of the kids and every time we argued he would tell me to shut the f*** or tell me to f*** off and call me stupid or retarded or psycho.. just verbally abusive every time and he would do this all in front of the kids. I would always end up leaving so they didn’t have to hear him call me anymore names but NOW when we talk about serious stuff he tells me we should go in a different room. The last fight we had was because I told him that something he said hurt my feelings and I wanted to address it and move on, he responded with eye rolling and saying “wow, that really upset you? You must be wanting to start some bullshit today” and told me I was annoying and not to bring up stupid shit again. He says that we would of never left me and that I failed our children. It’s eating at me because we’ve tried counseling but he always came up with excuses not to go. I feel like I’ve exhausted all options at this point and it’s boiling down to us being toxic together. I also found out that he was chewing the whole entire relationship behind my back and lying to my face and saying he wasn’t. I saw chew in his truck one day and he admitted to doing it the whole time because I always stressed him out. I’m defeated and I’m currently going to counseling because he’s made me believe that I’m the problem and the reason why we couldn’t work out. I feel lost and just need advice.  Am I wrong for not wanting my kids to witness any of that? I left so they didn’t have to grow up in a toxic environment. Should I have fought harder to keep up together? Thank you guys.