Apologies in advance for my grammar. Almost rushing this typing. We are both 30 and have been together for almost two years. At the start we were both seeing someone and left those toxic already ending relationships for each other. I knew keeping contact would not be healthy(based on past experience) nor would that be good for the new relationships trust. My girlfriend however still lived in the town(long distance at first) as her ex and always saw him while going out(small town). He would contact her and say all this nasty stuff to beer keeping the drama going. I kept telling her to cease the contact but after a short while she always felt she had to open it back up because he would send her nasty messages and she wanted to clean the energy and karma. He has been trying to mess up our relationship the entire time. We moved in together after having a big fight about it that almost broke us up. Well since then she had seen him, danced with him but never went home with him whenever she would visit there. Then when we had issues over the summer she continued up inappropriate message contact that she felt terrible about later and told me. After we got through it the communication ceased as she saw I reacted like an adult to this and other situations unlike him who wouldn't let her even talk to other men even his own friends. Months go by and now we are traveling and learning all the life things we want when we build our home and life. Farming, yoga, spiritually, all kinds of new things that brought us together to begin with. Well she started acting very agitated with me while on this trip and something didn't see right. I saw on her phone message from him and so I looked. I broke the trust which I hate myself for but I'm tired of living in a state of wonder that he is trying to get in between us and she's letting it happen when things don't go right. We are making big plans and goals for he future which is the point of this travel and we still have almost three more months to go, which at the end we agreed some time apart would be good after constantly being next to each other for so long with no personal time. She planned on going to her moms which is not in the same state as her ex but now I see she is planning on seeing him and that she thinks about him all the time. I'm in a delicate situation because she hasn't cheated on me nor was there a discussion of sex/ intimacy. Just to dance again(we are all dancers) but I know he's a toxic human and will try his chances and I don't want to wonder whether she will reciprocate or not during our time away from each other. We are supposed to go to my grandmother's(not our home state) after this backpacking trip in a week and have more farming and so much more traveling and learning. I'm also carrying a ring in my pocket because towards the end I wanted to propose. We've talked about marriage and kids so this all comes as a big shock and crossroads. I also feel that if she is still talking to his guy behind my back like this when I've been so respectful in this relationship (I'm not perfect, always growing, we all are) and her living for free with me on my parents property just comes as a disrespect and no concern for my feelings and doesn't deserve to meet my grandmother who is over 90. I don't know what to do because our flight to my Grandma's is less than a week. I want to work things out but I'm also not sure if I can live with this crap like I'm always looking behind my shoulder sort of way. This has been one of the most rewarding relationships in my life but the yin yang to it is that this guy is still in the picture and I need some advice for navigating this situation. I won't say anything to her until I've had time to reflect and not come from a place of anger or emotion. so even tho she hasn't cheated I feel like she is violating our relationship and not respecting me. Thank you anyone and sorry if my responses are spaced out because it's hard to look privately at my phone, which is another thing to it that she has been messaging him pretty much in front of me but always claims she's on Instagram.