Hey everyone I’ve had a personal failure recently that I’d like to share and learn from. In October, I went to a new church. When I went I met a very pretty girl that I acknowledged as a pretty girl but I had no interest in her. She was a junior after all. I went to the church for a solid 6 months and in that time she would stalk me around and seem incredibly nervous around me. She always seemed very worried and angsty around me. Always stared but when we talked in person she was very shy. Her friends would always look at her and me and laugh. I actually thought this girl hated my guts and I felt bad because I wanted to like her so much. Anyways covid 19 comes in and I realized I liked this girl wayyyy too much. The last time I saw her she seemed incredibly infatuated with me, and so I thought hitting up her insta would be a good idea. I add her and start chatting with her and she’s incredibly dry and uninterested. Won’t even answer basic things. The conversation is just dead. This causes me to panic because I’m trying to figure out if this girl likes me or hates me at the time. So I flat ask her if I had offended her somehow and she says no, but then I flip it around and ask her i was worried ab that bc I thought she was pretty and I wanted to talk to her more. She flat leaves me on delivered and read at the same time on insta for a solid 6 hours. (Read through notifications) After that I collect myself and think about how much of a damn nuisance I must be for this girl, I then unsend everything and tell her I had a good time talking with her and I unfollow her. She instantly makes her account public 34 seconds after this unfollow, and the next day she post a simple happy post on instagram. This makes me so angry as I literally got rejected and left and then she mocks me with this. After 2 weeks I contact her and tell her feelings have been hurt on both sides and that I wish her good luck. A mutual friend asks her what happened later and she said that she was trying to let me off nicely? They then clarified the situation, and then a day later this girls 22 year old sister try’s to follow me whom I deny instantly. The girl also took down her happy post at the same time. I need some input on what to do with this situation. I go to church with this girl and I will prob share a class with her next year. Thank you and I’m also ADHD and RSD and it makes life very hard for me.