So everything started when after my father's sudden death after a massive cardiac arrest, I was really sad. Being the eldest of 3 children, I was the one to take my father to the hospital where it was confirmed that he was no more. It was really hard for me because I didn't get the time or space to cry because I had to look after my mother and she couldn't withstand the pain if I cried before her, I had to be her strength. With all the relatives and friends visiting my family, I was really overwhelmed and irritated because I had to relive those dreadful moments each time someone visited and wanted to know what happened. I called him up to vent and vry and tell him what was bothering me. He didn't pick up the phone and my whistle went off. He tried to talk to me but I didnt, and he wasn't very persuasive either. I realise now that I did wrong and I should've talked to him but I really wasn't in my right mind and there was so much going on inside my head. At the end of the day, he tells me to fuck off and go suck the dicks of the people I had been talking to, according to him. This episode made me really very upset and I stopped talking to him. Two days after he texted me and asked me how I was. I was obviously very sad and said that I didn't want to talk to him. Instead of apologizing, he starts to say that I donot share my feelings with him and all of this was my fault and he just said things out of anger, I started to lose my patience and hung up the phone. Then finally be calls me up in the afternoon, two days ago, (not once during this whole time did he apologise) he calls me up and says that he's feeling bad about me, and I'm monetising on my father's death for gaining his sympathy and also that he cannot be with me because I'm always whining about my dead father. This really broke my heart and I hung up the phone. Today, he unapologetically texted me, 'good morning, have a good day'. We have been together for 3 years now and I really wanted him by my side, atleast during this time. I don't know if it's my fault for frustrating me, but I was not in a good position at that time. I was there for him through thick and thin, and it's really sad what he said. I have been really forgiving throughout the court of the relationship because I know sometimes he seems to be at a loss of words. I'm really confused. Should I confront him about his behaviour, or should I just cut him off completely?