My (ex) bf and I have been together for almost year, he travels for work during the week and I see him on the weekends. I was fine with this arrangement because we've had alot of time to spend together in the past when hes had months off during the winter. Recently, though, every weekend we have small arguments that dont get resolved and it becomes stressful to have the countdown of days I have to spend meaningfully with him. The arguments were always about small things but he could never apologize for his side of things. I would usually "let it go", and spend the weeknd with him feeling resentful. Or I would leave his apartment and feel awful that I wouldn't be able to see him for another 7+ days. Either way it sucked to have any kind of conflict with him and I ended up having anxiety when he was on his way to come home. Last weekend after an unresolved argument I decided to put my foot down and sent him a text that was pretty straight forward: "I really would like us to stay together but its seems like your not willing to show me you have what it takes to make it work. I'm  sad because I rlly would love for this to work and I love you. Your actions show me that you dont want it as much as I do and I want a bf who shows as much effort as I do." This was regarding other issues like his non-ability to say "I love you", lack of emotional openness towards me and conflict resolution issues we couldn't work out. I know it was blunt and I wanted it to catch his attention so he took it seriously. He didn't respond and ended up ghosting me for over a week. I reached out many times that week letting him know that it was a just conversation I wanted to have and to please stop ignoring me. As you can imagine I was pretty wrecked and confused about why he had gone silent and ended up trying to accepting that it was over and beginning to cope. He finally responded 8 days later and said he took it as a break up and didnt feel the need to respond. Even though it was a misunderstanding we have agreed to break up officially since we obviously cant get our communication right. I wasnt really ready to break up but that situation was so stressful and messy that I didnt feel like we could work it out in one weekend. Is there another way to deal with this or is it right to leave it where it is?