I've been married (35F) to my husband (37M) for 10 years. We have two kids together. Recently, when he was showing me something on his phone a text message popped up from someone I didn't know. I asked him who it was. He said it's just someone he works with. The message was about something other than work so I asked him if he talks to her often. He said "not really". Within those minutes he managed to delete all her messages so when I asked to see the messages he said he deleted them. This upset me because if he had nothing to hide, why would he delete his messages. He then said "Sorry, I always delete all my messages".. That was his response. I told him to try to recover the messages because otherwise I'll really think something is up. Then he says, "I can't recover messages. Either way, that was the only text from her". (This is a lie) I tell him, "There's no way that was the only text message from her because it seems like there was something said before that. The way the message read they were having a conversation about something. I tell him I don't want to talk to him (obviously upset now because I know he's hiding something) and go to the other room. I look up a way to recover old text messages from an iphone and knowing he backs up everything to icloud, tell him to recover those messages. He manages to recover the messages (don't know if he deleted any because I wasn't in front of him when he did it), and I read screenshots of what he recovered. It wasn't a complete conversation and I don't know if he deleted any in between messages, but what I did read wasn't sexual but overly friendly. It made me uncomfortable reading it. I am angry now, but I am more angry that he tried to hide it by deleting the messages and then lied about it only being a one time conversation/message. I have one close guy friend myself who I've known for years, but I open up the friendship to him as well where he is also friends with my guy friend. The secretive part about this is what is bugging me the most. I still don't know what is between those lines (since I didn't get to read the whole conversation), but what I read was that he is constantly texting this girl like almost every day and being way too playful and friendly. Am i overreacting here? What would you do?