Hi, a bit of myself. Im 18 years old and go to a boys school BUT i visit the local girls school for advanced art classes. The relationship I will describe was my first one
Going to a boys school is quite a challenge, you do concentrate more on studying but the you slowly loose the ability to talk to girls, im lucky that i have a sister and a girl-friend that i talk to a lot so going to the art class for the first time wasn't difficult. Since the start of the year i noticed this rather shy and introverted girl. She had an anime necklace. That's when i thought, we actually would have a lot in common...but i didnt do anything. Half a year passed and i thought to myself "frick it" and asked her if she wants to go to the city to drink bubble tea, she said sure. It was a Thursday. We talked for about 2,5 hours and then i had to go to my next class. We had a very nice chat, i was a bit flirty and everything worked out. On this day everything started. From this day we would talk non stop on WhatsApp and share a lot about ourselves. I started having a crush on her(and afterwards she did so too) .We both noticed that we have A LOT in common and we agreed on going to grab a bubble tea next Thursday. That "date" wasnt much different from the other one we had previously, only that we were a lot more closer. It was really cold and since i already was heated up bec her presenced warmed me(not even kidding, im pretty sensitive to coldness, it was the firs day in winter this year where i walked around without a jacket) i gave her my jacket. I grabbed myself a drink and bought one for her too, as a small gift. Afterwards i had to go back to class. On my way she texted me "and then he bought me a drink", after 2min the text;" wrong person *nervous smiley*". That's when i knew that she liked me. We have spent the whole day chatting till i arrive at the point, do you like kpop? She absolutely freaked out and the emotions where flowing. We both where smiling at our screens uncontrollably and then it just happend. We started sending hearts to eachother and before midnight, we were a couple. After a couple of days i went out with her again and with her friends. On Sunday i knew, sth was off. I wasnt being happy in about months and there are the suspicion that i have depression. I couldnt have that much luck in one week, it was just impossible. At the start of the week she was very sad and silent. I asked to comfort her but she said it was ok. Later while chatting she and i set up some barriers(not that any of us did sth wrong, we thought that it would be good if we know what topics not to discuss and such.). It seemed like her mood was going rather up and down. But i didnt have control over it. On Wednesday i get the message that her grandparents dont feel well and she has the fear of loosing them. Afterwards she gave me the text that rn too much in her life was going down and she cant keep up a relationship like this (she also said i wasnt fault). I said that its understandable and if she has this kind of feeling then she should be able to follow it, i wont pressure her into a relationship (also that if she needs somebody to talk, im always here) One day before we would have been one week together. On Thursday i wanted to tell her how much she means to me, but i guess that opportunity is lost. I had a lot of stress this week and after getting this i really dont know how to handle anything. Im getting some rather serious blood results on friday and i really do t know what will happen if the results will come out as bad.I basically dont understand my feelings. It feels like j lost everything but nothing. It feels like i have no emotions but on the other hand like the saddest person on this planet. It feels like i lost the only person on this planet that actually understands me. She was the girl of my dreams.
At this point i really want to respect her space and not poke her but i also want answers. I want to know if theres ever going to be a chance for us to be together. I want to know, if what we had had a meaning for her. I know she struggle now but it just feels like it was the easiest break up ever, as if she didn't feel anything. I have so many questions that just cannot be answered at the time. I dont know if i should ask her in one week or never in the first place. I know she has it hard and i do t want to say that im in a worse position but im def not feeling happy. What should i do? Should i respect her space, should i ask, am i the only one that thinks i deserve a bit of clarification or am i just straight up dramatic??