I have a problem. I think I may have made a stupid mistake in the 5th grade now I'm really regretting it. Its probably best that I go back in time to give you full context. In the 4th grade there was a new girl that moved in. Didn't think much of it. We talk now and then at school and on the bus. I guess I joke around with her. If I remember joke around with her and sometimes she got a chuckle out of me. We also had the same classes. We were with the same "group" of people with learning disabilities I guess. I guess mostly "invisible disables" like autism,ADHD,etc. Her young brother was in Cub-scouts just like me at the time and I told her something stupid like "I don't know you" and that got a chuckle of her too. Then in 5th grade I was sitting down with my friends enjoying lunch, forgot what we where talking about at this time and some person went up too me said that she likes me. I can't remember what a felt at the moment. I can't remember if I was confuse, embarrassed, nervous or all of the above. I couldn't describe it. I had other girls like me before but, when I heard she like me, I felt something different cliche. When 6th rolled around it was time for middle school. When I hop on the bus the only thing that could make my day is seeing her running on the bus. Seeing a familiar face. The bus stop at her house, no one ran up to the bus and then the bus drove off. Day 2 the bus never drive by that house again. This is when I started to regret my decision. During my years in middle school and high school I started to forget about her. I did still think about her now or then wondering if she will show up one day. But soon I forgot her last name, mostly because a lot of girls had the same name has her. In the 10th grade I remember having a dream and she was there. Its really hard to describe the dream but, sooner or later she was on my mind again. In 11th decide tell some of my friends my problem to get it off my chest and see if there was any I could contact her or talk to her but, no prevail. If something happens to her its going to feel like my fault. I would like to know that she is doing okay. I know I shouldn't be hung up on this one girl and that I should move on. But if there was away to communicate and I think there might be, should I really try to talk her? One question I would like ask her is why me? What did she see in me at the time? I guess in hindsight I might of flirt with her without even knowing but, still not for sure? Sorry for this long passage and if you want you can try to look up the 4chan version but, I wouldn't bother.