As the title says. My girlfriend broke up with me 2 weeks ago due to her feeling unhappy with our relationship. We have had a rocky few months due to many factors but overall our lives were not bad. We had a house, dog, and were starting to get our lives in order. The problem was that i did not do enough to show her support. She wanted me to do more around the house and take more initiative to fix and improve things. Ill admit that i should have done more but i wish we could have had a sit down one day and talked about how bad this was bothering her before we split up. These two weeks have been absolute torture for me. The first week i could hardly eat or sleep. Im eating a little more now but even still, i spend the entire day thinking about what i should have done and if there is any way to fix it now.  I spend the entire night dreaming about her and how she doesnt want me. I wait by my phone hoping she will send me a message so we can chat. This sounds really dramatic and id agree but i cant stop thinking and feeling this way. I really, truly, love her and know without a doubt that i can do what she needs me to do. She says that she needs time to think about whether she would be willing to give this another shot and im trying so hard to give her space but me overthinking everything is exhausting. Im not sure what to do. I want her to be happy even if that means its without me but i also want to prove that i can take care of her. Im afraid the problem is with her parents. I was always under the impression that they liked me but apparently she would talk to them about me whenever we had a slight argument or when she was unhappy. This made them think that i did not deserve her and im sure they had a huge say in her breaking up with me instead of trying to work it out. Now she is concerned that her parents will be upset if she gets back together with me. I just want her to do what she thinks is right and not worry about her parents or me, but im afraid that no matter what she will do what her parents want. Thanks for reading my  novel, id appreciate any advice you can give.