I don't know if with this I'm being too dramatic or sharing too much or too little but I really need advice and I don't have anyone to talk to. My dad has always been irresponsible and aggressive and my mom sometimes turned to other men. I didn't really care when I was little but once I grew up I started getting mad at her because I loved my dad. My view changed not long ago and I started blaming my dad because he would never pay rent and my mom had to always work extra to cover rent and whatever we needed so I started blaming my dad for her infidelities. of course she would turn to other men after having such an irresponsible husband. but I still loved my dad so I would get mad at her and tell her she needed to get a divorce. I hated being the only one that knew and being asked by my little brothers and my dad about where she was or where did she go, it made me feel so guilty. I had to cover for her and at one point I started being my brother's new mom since she would leave all day with her new boyfriend but it would still kill me whenever they asked and I had to lie. so one day after my dad came home drunk and got all aggressive she called the cops and sent him to jail. to make it not so long ill just summarize the rest. this all happened in a span of 4 months. She filed for divorce (which her boyfriend paid for) she put a restraining order against my dad and we moved from our old house to an apartment that her boyfriend signed for. we were in and out of court because of the restraining order and the divorce and the time we sent him to jail it was so mentally tiring and this made me hate my dad. I mean, my family was no longer one because of him. last week though the same day we went to court to testify against my dad my mom said she needed to go do something, I just assumed she would leave with her boyfriend. but at night her boyfriend called me saying that he had found my mom and my dad in the car drunk and all cozy. he had been worried because she was not answering him so he came and he saw them in the parking lot. Now I've been so mad at my mom for days because why would she go through all that if she wants to be with him so much. why would she file for divorce? why would she makes us move from our home? why would she ruin her good new relationship for an irresponsible man? I don't want to be mad at her because I love her and at the end of the day it is her life but shes just so childish. she is not bringing my dad into the new apartment because I told her I would leave if I ever saw him come in. I don't want to be the cause she cant be with him. now she leaves with him all day and doesn't even come home to sleep and I have to take care of my brothers. I don't want to leave them but I feel like moving out is the best option so that they can have their mom and dad at home and she can have her love with her. I just don't know if I should move out and leave my brothers because I'm the one that helps them with homework and takes them to their practices but I don't want to be in her way of having my dad with her.