I have been married for almost two years now to a wonderful man.  Recently, however, things have taken a turn for the worst.  My husband holds a government job that I really will not be elaborating on.  While on the job, he unfortunately watched an extremely close coworker die a horrible death.  When I picked him up the morning after he literally fell in my lap and began uncontrollably crying and shaking.  He was and will continue to be, inconsolable.  Now I have worked two similar government jobs and have seen some pretty horrible things myself, but I have never had to see someone I even remotely cared about die.  I cannot relate to his situation and am unsure of how I can help him.  This took place in July of 2019, he has refused any sort of counseling (as I knew he would) because in his line of work, you are considered weak when you admit that you need to talk to someone.  It is now extremely apparent that he is depressed and the extent of his isolation knows no bounds.  He has pushed everyone away and has made our relationship extremely unstable.  I am concerned that if I allow him to continue to refuse any help, he will be part of a statistic of men and women who commit suicide after holding in their emotions for so long.  In any government related job where death is prevalent, the suicide rates are sky high.  I took a vow to stand by my husband no matter what happens, and I fully intend to keep that promise, despite what our future holds.  I am worried that I am going to get a call one day explaining that my husband has been found dead.  I hope he would tell me if he felt the need to do such a thing, but my time in a similar job has told me that the people who say nothing and are seemingly fine are the ones who commit suicide.  Not many people ever tell you they are going to do something like that. One thing that should be noted is that because we have both worked in a similar field, I really do not want to tell anyone what is going on.  If someone he works with were to find out that this has been going on, he wouldn’t be allowed back to work until he was mentally cleared.  Right now all he has is his job, it is the glue that is keeping him from falling completely apart, I do not want that to be taken away.  For the last month he has been working nonstop, I hardly ever see him, because he wants it that way.  There is a very high probability that what he witnessed will happen multiple more times over the next few years.  Unfortunately his job puts him and everyone else at risk, that will never change.