 I've been in two "relationships" where I have been treated this way. I only opened up my heart a few times- I don't know if it is because I am not that girlfriend-material and that attractive to attract anyone - but every single time, I was very hurt esp with the last relationship that I had. Same story happened, they left when I am still too deep and invested in the relationship to date the girl they really want to be with. In my last relationship, I remember him saying "Are you long-term relationship material tho? hmmm" but it was during the honeymoon phase and i brushed it off thinking we're too head over heels for each other and our relationship holds so much potential. In the end, it end up messy and i was the one at loss as always while he is still very much happy with the girl I was replaced for and who was actually for long term and the one worth committing to. When I look back to that relationship, I realize a lot of things that I didn't deserve from him. But as I reflect myself as a partner esp when I compare myself to his girl, I see how I am so flawed and unworthy. You get comments from friends like "you deserve better... you will find the right one maybe not now but someday..." blah blah. But what if I will just meet someone and that someone will just leave me for another because I am so unworthy, tiresome, difficult, not happy to be with, ugly, problematic, from a poor family with a lot of responsibilities, uncool, not gf material, now wife material, not forever material. I look at myself and reevaluate... why would someone settle with someone like me when there are million other girls out there who are better choices. What if I will be forever be the girl that passes and becomes forgotten because they just get disappointed? Sometimes I feel like I should just accept that there will be no one for me. I get hopeful sometimes but I feel like I am expecting so much when who I am so undeserving of anything. Meanwhile, I see other girls, girls who are chosen who has so much redeeming qualities. Maybe I will never be fully chosen and I should just accept it.