Some back story) Okay so it began on tinder. I gave the classic cheesey pick-up line. We added each other on Snapchat. A week and a half rolls by and she calls me on Snapchat. We ended up making plans that night to meet up at a bar, when I got there she hugged me and took me off to go dance(holding hands of course), the usual feeling up on her and vise versa. She kissed me on the lips within 15-20 mins of meeting her. A little later that night we went back to her friends place to f*** then after that we cuddled and held hands while sleeping. We woke up got ready to go eat breakfast I brushed my teeth and she used the same tooth brush, having a conversation the entire time she told me she likes me. We get there and we're still close sitting shoulder to shoulder the entire time. After that she takes me back to my base and the way back she grabs my hand and starts holding it. At the end we kissed and hugged before I got out of the car. Later that day she texted me, she missed me already. We're hitting it off and talking for 2 days. She called me up the next day asked why I slept all day and I work nights of course. She mentioned that we could work around that and figure things out. We're talking for about an hour and I mentioned her being my girlfriend, I had to call her back and she said she'll call me later the next day. That's were things changed she left me on seen for a day then texted me "Hey I really had a great time and I appreciate everything but I got so much going on rn I don't think a relationship is what I need, I'm so sorry" my response "No your good. I had a great time too. If that's how you feel about it that's okay. I hope we still can be friends. Your a cool outgoing person and I respect that."  she replies "Bet! I just didn't want to drag you along or just ghost you bc you deserve better than that."  to throw this out there we're kissing, holding hands, poking fun, laughing and flirting most of the time before the "text". So what the HELL IS GOING ON RIGHT NOW?!?!