me and my girl been having problems lately. she starts argument with me from a lil bit of nothing like today, we was putting away groceries and I drop two bags of candy and my girl respond “you’ve could’ve broken it”. and then I responded “they only fail because I was trying put things in the cabinet and it’s all messed up” (unorganized) so then she gets an attitude with me telling me I said it in a mad tone and I was throwing shade because it only could’ve been her and that I probably put two and two together that it wasn’t our son. I kept trying to deescalate it saying I didn’t have a tone I’m not mad I’m not throwing shade ect. because the cabinet being unorganized is not even something I care about and she was steadily saying that I was blaming the reason in fail on it being unorganized basically accusing her and saying she’s the reason. I didn’t even care about the candy falling it could be broke, in the trash or whatever for all I cared if she felt blamed for me saying the thing about the cabinet I would’ve just said it’s my fault I should’ve looked in the cabinet first. just in general it’s not a big enough deal to me. so now we in the heated argument and I slammed the cabinet and walked away then she tries to grab me I push her hand away then I go into the room and she hauled after me and yells “you need to give our son a bath” and I told her I needed to calm down first then she yells again “give our son a bath” I told her no. I sit on the bed and she slaps my phone out my hand  and I get up and said “don’t do that again” then she said “do I have to do everything myself?” and I told her “no, you just need to be patient she storms out the room and throws this bucket of nail polish against the wall. I then text her about my feelings towards the situation saying that I’m pissed now but I wasn’t before and basically everything I was stating before about it not really being something I cared about to be throwing shade or be upset she text back “alright” I gave our son a bath and clean his car seat because he threw up and came into the living room to her watching tv and I tried starting small talk and she responded a little but for the rest of the day it was a huge distance then later tonight we was alone the kids were sleep and she just seem real gloomy I tried getting her to talk about things, but nothing and right now we’re both fasting and only can eat at a certain time of the day  to lose weight and she tried eating twice and I was stopping her even to the point of chasing her around the house so it seem jokeful but after I sat down 5 minutes later she was in the kitchen and she got her some snacks and came into the living room to eat, I then start getting my stuff in heading to the room to sleep and she ask me if I’m mad at her and I said no I just can’t be around this I just feel a complete distance from her and don’t know what to do at this point and don’t know if this too much info but I’ve been horny asf and just want to be intimate with her but she’s always in mood lately from the smallest things