I’ve been debating for awhile whether to discuss this on here because it seems rather very complicated. my girlfriend (16)and i dated three years prior to this for a year in middle school.  (6th grade but not sure if it’d help mentioning that or not) her and i (16) have almost been together for two years till this coming July, she still lives at home and so do i, butwe have been through a lot i’d say in our relationship, more stuff than the average kid should go through, but i’m just not sure if that’s how every relationship feels like.. but i just feel it’s not. we’ve had our ups and downs but we always manage to get through them, and we have never took a “break” or anything of that sort. we weren’t this close last summer and i’d say we have gotten very very close these past few months. I’ve became so addicted to her that i have pretty much stopped hanging out with my friends and every chance i get to say, talk, hangout or do anything involving her i do it. nothing makes me feel less stress free than when i am with her, and that scares me. i’d say within the past two to three months i’ve (m16) developed separation anxiety with my girlfriend (f16). At first i really didn’t think much of it and thought i was just really needing her at the time, but then it became frequently to all the time. So fast forward to now and i’d say it’s gotten pretty bad, i can’t go for more than 10-15 minutes without double texting her just to see what’s she’s doing and making sure she’s okay, i am checking her location frequently throughout the day, and i am always wondering what she’s doing, if i’m not with her or on face time i’m really anxious until i talk to her again. I can be sitting there and i could be thinking to the point where i get in my head far too much and freak out, and then going into absolute panic mode when she doesn’t answer. i feel absolutely horrible for her because i know it can’t be easy, because i could only imagine.  I’m honestly just terrified i’m going to ruin our relationship, this girl means everything to me and right now i would be absolutely devastated if we were to break up. i’m not sure what else to do and the real question is what should i do? but please let me know if there’s anymore information i can give, i tried my best to type without getting all caught up lol.. thank you in advance.