So I am a lesbian and I am 19 years old, my ex girlfriend is bisexual and she is 20 years old. I am the first girl she has had a relationship with. We met on tinder and have been in a relationship for 1 year. She has been in the closet the whole time but I have met her family as her “best friend”. Her family is Christian and wouldn’t be the most supportive so that is why she hasn’t came out. Her whole family loved me. In the year we were together we had a pretty good relationship, one of the best relationships I have ever had. While we were together she would have problems from time to time with her mom and I had noticed a couple of signs that her mom was toxic and controlling of her. There were a couple of times her mom would try and kick my ex out of the house. I would say something about it to my ex but she wouldn’t act on it, she had also got advice from her other friends and they would agree with me and say the same thing I did. Her mom got suspicious of our relationship together so she had a talk with my ex and asked if we were together and my ex said no and her mom said she wouldn’t accept her if she was into girls and didn’t want us hanging out together. My ex was really bummed out but we still stayed in our relationship together and we would see each other in secret. After two weeks my ex broke up with me because she said she didn’t want to lose her mom from her life. She had clarified that she wants to be with me and marry me but her mom means more to her. I somewhat understand that but it just sucks because I was always there for her when her mom would make her feel bad and cry and we had a really good relationship together and I don’t just want it to end because of her mom. I feel like it’s a mother duty to love and support her kids no matter who they are and now my ex can’t even be herself and happy with who she is because of her mom. I just would really like to win my ex girlfriend back but I can’t because she’s afraid of losing her mom. I do not know what to do. I need advice.