Me(F 18) and my boyfriend (M 19) have been in a relationship for 2 years now but we’ve known eachother for about 3 years. Ever since we’ve been together it seems he doesn’t want me to be around his family. The only time I come over is when the whole family is there for a big event like thanksgiving. Every time I ask if he would like to do something with his parents and us, or to take his sisters to the park he always says no and that his parents wouldn’t like that. To give a specific situation this year onHalloween I suggested to take his sisters trick or treating for but again he said no because his parents want to do that. On Halloween we so happen to be at his house because we had to get something for his costume and his parents ask if we can take his sisters because they’re tired of going and just want to watch a movie. This is the first time I noticed it wasn’t then it was him. He seemed hesitant but agreed and we had a fun time. Another time was when his whole family was over and asked why didn’t come last time to some little party they were throwing and my boyfriend quickly jumped in and said it’s only a family thing and tried to change the subject quickly. Now I don’t want to be pushy or too fast but we’ve been together for 2 years now I would think that by now it would be okay to spend time with him and his family. So his mother’s birthday passed by and they were having a small get together but I wasn’t invited at all, but it’s fine I got her a present and gave it to her whenever the next tine I saw her (I even sent her a text). Currently his fathers birthday is this week and again I’m not invited and when I asked who all is going he shrugged me off and said only close family. Again I got his dad a present and will probably give it to him next time I see him. My questions are do you think he doesn’t want me to be around his family, and if so do you think it’s because it’s too early? Should I tell him how I feel or just wait until he or his family feels comfortable with me?