Hi everyone. Currently in a really bad mood, I’m still at my in-laws’s place and we’re flying back home this afternoon, me and my bf (both 21). We’ve been together for almost two years now and I just met his bio parents two days ago. A bit of backstory : my bf’s bio mom lost three of her daughters before my bf was born, one was stillborn, the other died at a party because someone put something in her drink and the third one passed away after my bf’s dad gave her a lethal dose of drugs which caused her to overdose on the spot and leave her two teenage sons to be orphans, they now live in a foster family. My bf’s dad went to jail for manslaughter because of this. Before he went, he made my bf’s mom pregnant with my bf and his little brother. They both had to go to a foster family because their dad went to jail and their mom was extremely unstable and stopped taking care of them, they were found dirty and malnourished and spent the next 5 years in another family. Last year my bf and I moved in together in my home country and a few months back him his bio dad came out of jail, he started talking to his parents on the phone about once a week and they seemed to be better and want contact with him. A few months ago we found out that his mom had terminal cancer, so we decided to go visit her. My bf hadn’t seen his parents in over 5 years at this point. He paid for the rent, I paid for the plane tickets, and off we went to his birth country. Apparently his parents lived a bit far away from the airport so we had to take a 1h45 bus ride to another city so they could pick us up from there by car, we were told we were welcome to stay at their place which was about 1h away according to them. I get very sick in car rides so after 1h30 I started feeling nauseous and asking when we would get there, but they couldn’t give me a straight answer. We finally arrived 1h later and I managed to not throw up so I calmed down although I was initially a bit taken aback by the fact that they lived really far away from the place and in a very remote area, they gave us a house tour and saw that they had a room full of cannabis leaves that were there to “treat the mom’s cancer” according to them. Then we were told we could sleep on the couch. His dad was very cold and didn’t speak to me at all, would just mumble “hi” if we happened to be in the same room and otherwise would avoid me if he could, his mom was nice although she started showing me pictures of her deceased daughters on her phone and it made me a bit uneasy but that was all. The next day we were supposed to go meet my bf’s sister (only one who is alive right now, she has a family of her own as she’s much older than him) so we went by car. My bf spent 2h washing his parents car before we left, which I thought was really nice of him. I was told the ride was 30-40min, but 1h30 later on the road (again) the car broke down. We waited on the side of the road for assistance for about 30min and then my bf found some old gas tank in the trunk that made us able to drive to the nearest gas station, then he asked me if I could pitch in to refill the oil and I said sure, except his parents didn’t move out of the car so me and my bf ended up paying for 50-60€ worth of oil and gas to get the car going. I didn’t say anything and then we met with his sister, and drove to the pizza restaurant which was our dinner plan for the evening. While we were at his sister his dad randomly disappeared because he had to “meet some friends” so we went to the restaurant just me, my bf and his mom. When it was time to pay his mom didn’t grab her credit card or anything so my bf paid for everything. She kept on farting and burping loudly while we ate because of stomach issues and then she started crying because my bf’s dad was apparently not with friends but with another woman. After the meal she excused herself to go buy cigarettes which I thought was a bit weird because she could have paid for her pizza if she had enough for cigarettes ? I didn’t comment and we went back home, the car broke down again, we spent 3h on the side of the road. Back at home, we went to sleep and all was fine. The next day we were supposed to hang out with his sister again. On the road her mom ended up taking a detour because we apparently had to go to her cancer appointment with her first which was 1h from the sister’s place. And then when I asked how long the appointment would take I was told “we don’t know, could be 30min to 1h to 2h” which kind of annoyed me because we weren’t aware of that and were supposed to go to McDonald’s for lunch and then straight to his sister. At this point it was 3 in the afternoon and we were pretty hungry. The appointment lasted about 40min so then we went to eat. At the restaurant, the mom asked if I could pay for everything because she doesn’t have any money. I said sure and let them order their meals, they also wanted to grab something for the dad even though he didn’t come with us. I ended up paying a bit more than 50€ because they picked the most expensive items + extra fries + extra ice creams which I though was a bit rude but I let it go. And then before going to his sister we stopped by the liquor shop because his parents wanted some beers. Which turned into beers + alcohol and when it was time to pay my bf’s card was declined so I had to pay with mine, the total was a bit more than 50€ again. So at this point I was a bit pissed that I had just spent 100€ in one day (especially when me and my bf aren’t rich and pay for our own bills and didn’t think we would have to pay for much here except the plane tickets and a pizza or two). I ended up breaking down in the car because I had bad period cramps and we had been in the car for more than I can handle, I ended up throwing up too and yeah it wasn’t a fun day for me, I usually get sick easily in long car rides especially if I don’t know how much time it’ll take exactly to get home, i apologized for crying and all was good, we went back home. At home his dad grabbed his burger and didn’t say anything. He didn’t hang out with us at all during our stay, he usually was always out with women or in the cannabis room. His mom drank most of the alcohol, there wasn’t any ingredients or anything in the fridge so we didn’t have dinner. Had I known, we would have bought groceries and cooked instead of wasting 50€ on burgers but oh well. Then we found out the dad left with the car because he “wanted to fix the gas and oil so the car works well tomorrow to drive us back to the airport”, my bf spent 2h comforting his mom because she was crying as the dad wasn’t picking up the phone and she thought he was with another woman again. He ended up coming back at 2am, saying he did meet a woman, got laid, drove 2h to her place and back home and didn’t fill the oil or gas for shit. Then went to sleep. My bf got really sad at this point because he realized his parents didn’t change at all. Tbh in 2 days of living with them I understand why he had to live with a foster family. His parents can’t act like adults at all and we had to do and pay for everything during our stay. Then he felt angry because he realized his dad wasted the 60€ of oil he spent on the car just to go cheat on his mom and that I would have to refill it all tomorrow because his card got declined. So tomorrow I’ll have to refill an entire car that isn’t mine just to be able to leave. I’m really pissed because I just feel used, so does my bf. They didn’t even thank us at all and I brushed it all off thinking that at least they let us stay on the couch so we shouldn’t complain but all in all we spent 200€+ more on them because they couldn’t take care of it themselves, not because it would be a good opportunity to share quality family time or whatever. Its like they just take and take and don’t actually care about meeting their son again. The dad won’t come to the airport to say goodbye to us so there’s that too.