 So... here's my story August 2019 i moved to Portugal and in september i started school here. I met this really nice group of people and thi guy, we started getting a long very nicely and became friends, i had somewhat of a crush on him but i wasn't looking for anything serious. One day we were hanging out and he kissed me. We starte seeing each other for about a month before we decided to start dating on december. In the early times of our relationship i didn't liked him as much as he liked me i was pretty sure of that and sometimes i felt guilty but i liked him just not that much. But the more our relationship developed the more i started to fall in love with him and then i loved him so so much. We had a great relationship, we had common goals, we were friends, we never fought,he was friends with my friends and i truly believed that we loved each other dearly. But then covid 19 hit and quarantine started and at first we talked everyday, we played together, we watched movies etc etc and he never really gave me any red flags that a breakup was coming. Then may hit and he broke up with me. He said he didnt felt anything for me anymore, his feelings vanished and that he doesnt love me anymore. He says he loves me as a friend, that i am one of the best people he knows and really wants me in his life but not like his girlfriend. After that i was completely heart broken, we didnt talk for a week after that and i was trying to put myself in place, i reached out to him because we have presencial classes now and i wanted to talk to him in person about what happened and he agreed. After that i reached out to him a couple times because i had some stuff to get out of my chest and i have really bad anxiety so i couldnt wait to talk in person. After that we still talk almost everyday as friends but its mostly me that reaches him but he doesnt give me dry responses and we have nice conversations. I sometimes resent him for doing what he did and he was my first boyfriend and i wasnt his first girlfriend and im very scared that hes just gonna find someone else and forget about me. Its been almost a month since my breakup and im doing fine,i have friends, ive been focusing on my life and school and im not desesperate to get him back or anything, i dont feel like i need him in order to live happily or be happy and i want him to be happy even if it is without me,i just miss him dearly and love him so much so i guess im not over him but its not a need you know? I just really want us to have another shot and maybe things will flow better this time. I´ve heard about no contact rule but above it all he is my friend and i love to talk to him about the things are happening in my life and i need his support and help now more than ever cause im going trough some pretty big stuff. I guess i want some advice of what should i do to try getting back together, even tho i respect and believe 100% in what he´s feeling at the same time we´ve been separated for 2 months without seeing each other and maybe that confused him. do any of you have any advice or went through something similar?