So there's this guy and we're both best friends. He recently has gotten out of a relationship (one where he wasn't very loyal and that's why it ended, but that's not the point), and now he is flirting with me and I am flirting with him, and it gets more and more flirty by the day. At first he would be slow and just call me things like adorable or give me cute nicknames, but with time, when we've hung more, it's gone further, (we haven't kissed or had sex, probably because he knows i'm nervous and anxious when it comes to such intimate things), but this one night things developed even further, he had started just wrapping his arm around me and hugging, then he started cuddling and grabbing at me and eventually he started kissing my forehead head or my neck any chance he could. I like him a lot so ofc i was fine with this. and it was a weird goodbye because of all the unresolved tension. I realized though, because it's not just a random guy, he's also my best friend. I had to talk to him about this. So the next day I snapped him something and basically just asked him like where his head was at, i told him i realize that we wouldn't want to rush into anything both because i didn't want to and because he just had gotten out of a relationship, it just wasn't a good idea to jump right into. but i still said like i do wanna know i guess how you do feel about it tho because tbh i do like you. he then responded and said he liked me a lot but he's sorry if he gave the impression he wanted to date because he doesn't wanna date anyone, he's realized now after his breakup that he actually feels like he doesn't want to bother dating anyone for the rest of highschool. he continued on and said how he really liked me that way and even mentioned as he said >  "i think its rlly cute how smart you are idk if that sounds weird lol". but he also added at the end he just "really sucks at commitment". At this point idk what to feel because it's kinda nice finally having a confirmation of his feelings but yeah it kinda sucks abt the commitment thing. I don't want to rush into anything for sure, but he makes it sound like he would never even like the possibility of commitment and i don't think that's my view so i felt weird mixed feelings.  after that we stopped talking abt it and he brung it up again tonight! he snapped and said "so, i'm just curious then rn are we just fwb (friends with benefits) but like with cuddling and shit and not sexual stuff or?" this took me aback and i wasn't sure how to respond. i don't wanna say no i wanna date because i don't want that rn however his overly non commital vibe abt relationships does make me a little uncomfortable because i would be fine with us eventually dating with time. i told him that "i agree that for rn that's all i want but i wanted him to know also that that's not coming from a place of me just fucking around  meaninglessly and that i do truly like him that way, it's just coming from a place of i'm an anxious person when it comes to this stuff and i don't wanna rush into things as well as i understand he doesn't for his own reasons." he then responded "idk. i just know i don't wanna date anyone for the rest of highschool and i don't want you to catch feelies" this kinda made me upset because i get that he's indicated this and made it clear but the feelings part doesn't make sense to me because i've already said clearly i do like him so it's like it's too late. i then responded "ya I understand why you feel that way. i guess i have a different view point because for me it's more like i'll see what happens and i don't want to rush into a relationship rn but you're more saying no to the possibility in general and that's understandable i get it. honestly i want you to be happy tho so whatever makes you happy is what im good with." he then told me " i want u to do what u wanna do and not do something because it makes me happy." when i said the message i more meant when it comes to commitment if you truly feel like you'll never want that and that makes you happy then im happy for you, i didnt mean our specific relationship lmao. but anyways. i then responded and said "lol well idk what to say. i know that right now, at least, we're on the same page, i don't want to date for the several reasons i mentioned (his breakup, my anxiety, me just wanting to be slow anyways). the only thing is kinda different is i don't have the whole view of never dating throughout highschool, but to me, that's in the future and that's a different conversation for what happens then, but if you want to just figure that out now i totally get it. to me, i just don't want to even think about that and just take things by the moment." he then responded and said "okay yeah, i'm cool with that, but i'm definitely taking a break from dating, glad we're on the same page." so i guess i just want your two sense your opinion on the situation in general, but more specifically also, do you think this is worth just continuing to flirt and see where things go even if ik its nothing rn  if he ever decides to date me because i think hes acting overly futuristic, or do you think i'm going to hurt myself more by partly pursuing this? thank you.