I have always liked this guy like head over heals kind of like. He wasn't a head turner, but he was one of the nicest guys you will ever meet. I found comfort in him as a friend. And that's it. We were just friends. He kinda knew i liked him but he was seeing someone, and told me that we were probably better off as just friends. It did hurt, but he was right. Being in just one circle of friends, it was risky. So, I started to get over him. We really were better off as friends. Months passed, I met someone personally, I knew I was ready to fall in love once again. He was tall, family oriented, kind, sweet. Everything you could wish for. He was probably to good to be true. It happened all so fast. He was invested in me, and so am I. We dont usually fight, he was very mature. He loved all my flaws and accepted me. But there was one thing. He lives far, so when he went back home, it became a long distance thing. Being in a long distance relationship is hard. But we promised to make it work. He even planned to find a job in my city just so he could be here with me. But it will take time. Bot our families knew about us. And here's the plot twist. The guy I liked before kinda came back. I mean, not literally but, when the girl he was seeing and him kinda didn't worked out, thats when he noticed me and started to like me. He took me out to eat most days, he was always with me, tho it was just normal for me, since we were just friends. He even knows that im dating someone. I was starting to speculate that he being too close and clingy, but i never wanted to assume. But he started to hold my hips, told me things that "friends" shouldn't even talk about. I mean we were close in a special way. I could rant 24/7 to him. He knows everything about me. How I hated crowded places. How I chained-smoke everytime I was stressed, everything I am personally. I tried to avoid it. But being with him was happy place. I was afraid I was falling back to him. But I never wanted to make that mistake. One i'd regret my whole life. And right now im confused. Should I stay with this "perfect guy" i am dating, or should I take the risk and be with someone hassle-free and happy. Help?