So I’ve been with my husband for 5 years. My husband is a gamer (COD and other games like that). I really don’t mind it being a hobby, and I don’t mind him playing. He’s a good man who works (we both work full time) and he doesn’t drink or play sports so I understand how important it is to wind down and do something that you enjoy which in his case is gaming :) (plus I don’t want to be joined by the hip, I like my space as much as the next guy), but it’s getting to the point where it’s EVERYDAY.  There is no balance. Most times he’s on night shift so during the day while I’m at work and our daughter is at school he will game from the time he wakes, right up until it’s time to pick our daughter up from school, which is totally fine, but when I get home from work, I have to cook dinner ( I say have to, because we have a child who needs dinner and he cooks maybe twice a week) , we’ll eat and then he’ll go into the room to play the game until it’s time for him to leave for said night shift. on Friday’s he doesn’t have work so he’ll have like a 3 day weekend......that whole Friday he’ll be on the game, I’ll come home from work and he’ll still be on the game right up until he comes to bed. In the weekends it’s the same. Whenever there is ‘family outings’ it’s usually just me and our daughter going out because he’ll rather be at home on the game even when it’s sunny outside, when he does come it’s because I’ve asked him numerous times and telling him I’d love for him to join us, which also makes me feel like I can’t actually enjoy the outing because I know the only reason why he’s come is because I’ve nagged  him. I can’t live like this anymore. I want to have a husband that wants to go out as a family and is present in our relationship and home life. I want a husband that knows balance... I’ve spoken to him so many times in our relationship about the excessive playing and he’ll stop playing every hour of the day for about 3 or 4 days and then go back into the gaming every chance he gets mode. I’ve stopped talking to him about it because after a while it starts to sound like a broken record. What should I do? I’m so over it and am on the verge of getting up and leaving.