so I've never been on reddit before, but I need advice. Me and my boyfriend had been together for 9 months. It was like a love at first sight kind of relationship, and I basically started living with him.sleeping at his house every weekend, and spending breaks together everyday. I became very very close with his family. For a guy the way he acted and the things he'd say for our age especially was a diamond in the ruff and I can't imagine a better partner. I love him so much I didn't even think it was possible to love someone the way I love him. anyways, he struggles with depression, before we met he was cutting himself. throughout our entire relationship he has continue to struggle and would have ups and downs constantly. I would always be there for him and encourage him that things will one day look up and what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. I took on a very caretaker role with him (which he asked me to do) and as a result am very protective of him and am constantly worried about him. So everything was going perfect until this coronavirus stuff started happening. His mom and Dad are essential workers and we were fighting with our parents to see each other and everyone was stressed, very stressed. His depression is triggered by stress and he started getting worse then ive ever seen him. He cut himself again for the first time in our relationship, he called me after he did, and I was as supportive as I could be and tried to calm him down. The next day I told him he has to tell his parents because if something bad happens to him, I would feel like its all my fault. so basically I forced him to tell them, which I probably shouldn't have done but I felt this responsibility to. at first he seemed angry but not with me, at the situation and he told me he understands and if it was me he'd do the same thing.  Anyways we started not to argue more but have disagreements, I suffer from extreme anxiety and the stress of everything was weighing on me so things started to be more tense between us but only for like a week. He has a little sister and with everything going on his mom has basically made her our responsibility, which was aggravating in itself because I don't want to watch and eight year old all day. we wouldn't be able to go on a bike ride, or just sit and watch TV because his sister would become upset and throw a tantrum. Then his mom started making more rules, she is very controlling and has been very stressed because she feels like she's putting her whole family at risk since she is essential.  When she gets stressed she started making rules apparently. I started to feel uncomfortable, and asked him to speak to his mom on my behalf about lightening up a bit, in hindsight now I see maybe I overstepped but we were all so close I didn't think it was such an overstep. he doesn't talk much and is bad at communication, so this was hard for him obviously. now we lead up to the worst night of my life. I had pushed him to talk with his mom and before we were kind of arguing because I told him he doesn't communicate how he feels and that I always worry about what he's feeling, it been an on going thing from like the beginnings of our relationship. so he goes to talk to his mom and he tells me he loves me and he'll talk to me after and then I get a phone call and he breaks up with me. I never saw this coming. literally hours before we broke up he told me he loves me, and needs me. Days before we were happy and fine. my gut is telling me that his mom, saw the stress his depression has been putting me under ( I cried on their couch as he told them that he cut himself) and since we were still seeing each other during the pandemic, and since I am a type one diabetic I was at risk, she told him to tell me that we need to take a break. then I think he just couldn't take anymore and broke up with me because he felt like his depression was too much for me, and he was wrong for me. he's told me many times how much he hates himself and how, he isn't worthy of me. I told his so many time he's the most amazing person I know, but for someone with depression I know he wasn't going to take my word for it. he always been very protective of me, and I feel like this was him again protecting me. its been 4 weeks and we've barely spoken. what's really prompted me to look for outside help is, yesterday he was posting on snap chat, yolo, that he single and telling other girls to hum if they said he was cute. I literally broke down at seeing this, then some asked him if they could have my snap because I was hot and he said literally "fuck you" then someone did it again, and again he responded with "again. Fuck. You'". I feel like he was just looking for attention but, still is protective of me. I just don't know what to think. I miss him so much, we were our first everything and he literally broke up with me telling me he loves me in the process . I think he will come back once quarantine is over, but the fear of never seeing him again is killing me. I guess I'm looking for outsiders opinions. im so heartbroken I feel like I can't breath sometimes. im doing the no contact and have handled this as maturely as possible, giving him space. do you think he will want to reconcile?