So I’m (31f) a full time nurse, mother of a 9 year old and a full time nursing student! I work my ass off like non stop! Now we just moved in together and my fiancé (26M) who I’ve been with for 3.5 years can not find work currently! He’s an ironworker for the union! However, i don’t think he really cares about finding work cause he rather be home playing world of Warcraft which drives me nuts cause that’s all he cares about! I always come home after work after working 12 hour night shifts to a filthy place! Leaving me to clean up when I get home. He stays up all night till early morning hours just playing this damn game! And sleeps all day till like 3-4pm and  does pretty much nothing. Sometimes he’ll go out and get some food or maybe clean a few dishes, sometimes throw out the trash if my son doesn’t! I feel like I have to flip out just so he will do anything. His parents didn’t want him home any more cause he was such a slob and lazy as hell. I warned him I don’t want to take care of another child and that’s exactly what I feel like I’m doing! He use to look so good to and now he barley takes care of him self anymore it’s so unattractive. He is a very sweet and caring person I don’t want to just knock him cause all aside he is an absolute beautiful person inside and he means well and my son absolutely adores him! But I feel like he’s being a bad role model for him too! And he tries to make me feel bad if I sleep all day but I WORK all night till 8 am and still manage to get up earlier then him and do what I have to do. Also I go to college 3 days a week all day. It’s insane I can’t take the laziness anymore and I’m starting to really dislike him cause of it. I have to much on my plate right now. But I’m scared of kicking him out cause my son loves him. I love him too but this is driving me through a roof. I’ve talked to him about it and he just gets defensive and then maybe he will do something to make me happier which is cute and all but keep being a lazy shit after.