My partner And her have been friends for 5 years I believe and met in the military. They are strictly platonic and she’s married and lives in another city. An apparently she talks to other men too as friends. My partner lets me see his texts when I want to make me feel better so that he can maintain this relationship that I’m cool with to a extent. But he pushes it far and texts her daily multiple  times all day. It’s strange. I feel really uneasy about it. Especially Because they have very similar interests and connect so well together and he likes talking to her and feels like she understands him. Yet he says I don’t understand him a lot of the times and that worries me that maybe she fufills something I cant... They laugh and share funny and interesting things and he says it’s nothing. Now mind you he had another relationship in the past that he was only friends with her for two years and she was apparently in a open relationship prior to me meeting him and they had some romantic things going on. They had sexted back and forth and then stopped the flirting and  became friends prior to me meeting him or becoming physical. An they did express they wanted to be physical too. An they remained friends and for some reason they weren’t feeling whatever they had going on and she maintained her relationship and he stayed single until her met me. When he met me her  personally lied when I confronted him about the nature of that friendship he had with this girl when I found out about her and In the end he cut that relationship off and new it was still inappropriate because it was not platonic and after a few months of fighting about it. This other friendship with a women he keeps though has been platonic and I confirmed it and verified with my partner. Yet every time I get insecure and want to be assured or ask for him to explain the relationship and the nature of it he gets super defensive and angry and says we can never just enjoy our relationship and build good memories and he complains how I ruin the relationship and he shuts down on me and says I nag and he dosent like this part of our relationship which hurts because I’m just scared and sad that he connects so much with this other girl. An I don’t know how to calm my anxiety about it and he Dosent help. I feel like he won’t just get to the root of my problem with his friendship and answer the questions thoroughly. I asked him why does he have to txt her daily. An I told him the only reason I’m super insecure about it is that he has previously lied about the nature with the first friendship that I new about. An that my insecurities Are shitty I know. But he Dosent make it better by being wishy washy about his friendships and just be a little understanding and empathetic towards me. Please help. I don’t know how to handle or address this in a health way?