My partner went to a friends house when we are supposed to be social distancing and it is pissing me off. I’ve been with my family for the past 2 weeks now with the occasional ride to my grandmas to check on her. I’m going crazy being in such close proximity with my family, especially because my parents are going through divorce and living in the same house still. I miss my partner terribly and I’m used to not seeing them because we are both college students and go to different schools. But when I’m at home, going to their house is like my getaway. I haven’t been able to see them though for obvious reasons. Yesterday they called me and I was watching a movie with my family and I said I would call them back. I even thought to myself, oh I don’t have to rush to call them back it’s not like they are going to a friends house. Well, I was wrong and I’m so livid that they would do that. First, they don’t have health insurance, the family that they went to go see is low income and lives in an apartment so if they have health insurance it’s probably not the best. Second, my partner works with the elderly and the friend they were seeing works at a grocery store and has older parents. Lastly, it makes me angry that my partner is not taking it seriously, like they are putting themselves, that family and their roommates at risk just because they wanted to play video games when they have been doing that online every day this week. I’m not sure how to approach this with them without getting angry and I’m not sure if they will actually take me seriously or just blow me off. I texted them to be safe and careful and they were like yeah they had me use hand sanitizer when I walked in. If we could all just use hand sanitizer and be safe then we wouldn’t have to social distance 🙄. Is this something to be mad about and bring up or are they just a grown person that’s going to make their own decisions and does it matter because I’m not going to see them anytime soon anyways? I’m not sure how to approach it or if I even should. I’m just mad about it because it to me it seems dumb to go to a friends house with all of those risks.