This is my first time posting anything to Reddit but I really need advice on this as I don’t want to make a crazy decision. For some back story, i (25M) and my girlfriend (24F) have been best friends for about 10 year b4 we started dating but last summer something broke the physical barrier between us and we decided to give it a try as we already “loved” each other and i moved in with her because I already spent so much time at her house when we were friends. Things started out amazing and our sex life was great and we already had a deep mental connection. Fast forward to 9 months in to the relationship and we rarely have sex, our mental connection still there and I still feel like we love each other but she never wants to have sex. She goes as far as hugging and snuggling kisses ert but as soon as i try to escalate thing she shuts it down and gives some kind of excuse for not wanting to and i back off. Usually this wouldn’t bother me if wasn’t a constant thing but I’m a person with a high sex drive for me having sex is the most intimate thing a person can do with another and it is frustrating me not being able to. Evry time I bring it up she just gives excuses and i try not to push it as she is not obligated to have sex with me. Well my problem is at my age I don’t want to waist time on relationships that are predestined to fail and I’m starting to think our relationship won’t last long we already talk about marriage and everything and i was really hoping to marry her but I don’t think i can spend the rest of my life sexually unfulfilled but I also lover her very much, I don’t want to break up but i also can’t force her to have sex with me. She still says I’m attractive but she’ rarely in the mood, she only likes petting and cuddles. What should i do? I don’t want to lose the girl i love but im also feeling miserable and it’s starting to affect my work life as I cannot stop thinking about it, things like “is she cheating?” “Am i unattractive?” “Did she never like it?” Im losing my mind here and some help would be appreciated. Sorry in advance for my bad English but it’s not my mother language.