This is probably gonna be long, but here we go. I’m 28 and I’ve been in a relationship with my sweet 26 year old girlfriend for 5 years now. To be honest, I really feel that we are growing apart. When we first met, we hung out pretty often but after about two years into our official relationship, we moved in together. About 6 months after we moved in together, we pretty much stopped doing anything. I feel as though she had become comfortable with our relationship and doesn’t have the drive to do literally anything anymore. I was also at a point where I was ready to settle down and take the next step. I talked to her about it, and it seemed as if she was very uncertain but she claimed that she was ready. I’ve tried many times to spark up the conversation but it was always one word responses and then the conversation was swept under the rug. I’m definitely not gonna propose if I feel that she is unsure. So, I just kind of gave up. Don’t mention it at all anymore. We’ve both been kinda letting ourselves go, health wise. Which is absolutely horrible. I have been having an issue with cholesterol and blood pressure lately so I’ve been trying to focus on my health and I’ve really been trying to be more active. I offer for her to join me but she doesn’t want to, which kinda sucks. Since we don’t do anything, she doesn’t really care how she dresses anymore. I’ve never been the type of guy to care too much for make up so her make up hiatus doesn’t really bother me. I guess it’s just the lack of effort that she invests in herself now has just become a turn off. We hardly ever have sex now, and to be honest I don’t even ask because I really don’t think I’m sexually attracted to her anymore. She is very sweet though. She is very supportive and is there for me when I need her. She listens and it seems that she absolutely admires me. I never had to question her love for me and I’ve always trusted her 100%. I’m also a little self conscious and feel that if I do break up with her I may not be able to find anyone else that isn’t a B-word (for the most part). So I’m kinda scared of moving on. However, I am unhappy in my relationship. I have talked to her about going out more and lately she has been offering but over time I have grown very uninterested. There’s no spark, from my perspective. I haven’t told her about me losing interest because I’m afraid it will hurt her. Not sure what I should do at this point. Kinda stuck. Any advice is appreciated!