I (F18) have been dating my boyfriend (has ADHD but doesn’t take any medication) (M21) for 6 months and have known him for a year. I’ve noticed this thing where he asks “do you hate me” or states it as a fact - “you hate me” anytime after an argument or whenever he may feel like my vibe is off. He’s been doing it since we got together, it’s not constant but I’ve heard it so many times now and I’m just confused why he does that because not to toot my own horn but I show him a lot of love everyday and always try to make sure he knows he’s loved, appreciated and everything he does for me doesn’t go unnoticed n that I’m grateful. Also our arguments are never really ever that bad, I’m a very calm and patient person and also a people pleaser so when we do argue I never yell or get super angry with him, I just calmly explain in a paragraph what is making me upset or angry. He responds to what I have to say with not a lot of love, he gets a bit defensive and angry if he doesn’t think I’m right or if what he thinks I’m saying is wrong. But at the end of the day that’s how I feel? After I try to explain it again in a different way he either will understand and say “okay I understand” or we just come to an agreement of some sort if I am over reacting in any way. After something like that will happen my replies won’t be the best because I’m upset at the fact that he got angry at something I just wanted to talk to him about and feel discouraged to speak about things to him. And after such things he’ll ask “do you hate me?” Or say “you hate me” and I don’t get it? Why am I constantly being asked if I hate him when I clearly don’t. I have a reason to be upset and not wanna talk with my full excitement, I don’t hate you I’m just upset and when I respond to him with not the best replies knowing he’s the reason I’m feeling this way, instead of trying to make me feel better, he’ll start to give some dry responses too. How do I stop him from asking me this all the time ? Why does he do this? Does adhd have a part to play in the way he responds ?