my boyfriend (m27) cheated on me (f22) with one particular person (f26) for 6 months. i found out when she messaged me on facebook saying she was about to give birth to their child. i died inside but did my investigating and turns out shes a lunatic and lied about everything she had told me. i found pictures of her drunk in mexico the day she said she was giving birth and its been a year and theres not one picture of a pregnancy or a baby on her social media or her friends or family, no talk of anything child related. also when i was doing my research i came across other posts of her involved with another man before and this nut did the same thing to him and his girlfriend/baby mama. she lied about being pregnant with his child and a week later theres pictures of her smoking weed with a beer. im not sure what is wrong with this person but she is not okay. when i first heard everything that woman had told me i bashed in my boyfriends car with the end of my high heel. i also did the same to his 60 inch plasma. i also hit him over the head with a jack daniels bottle. i told him to kill himself and a bunch of other horrible things. this was definitely the darkest point of my life yet. but things only got worse from there for me mentally. this crazy woman stalked my social media and harassed me all the time because i stayed with my boyfriend. idk if she was obsessed with him and thought if she broke us up that she would get him back or what but she made my life hell. publicly humiliating me on my social media and constantly insulting me. i will admit i was not the perfect girlfriend at all i did drugs and drank with my friends all the time and lied about it. i went on a couple dates with sugar daddies for money.  i cheated on my him once on his birthday with a girlfriend of mine (f20) but thankfully i did because that same day he invited his side girl to a birthday lunch with his family instead of me. i did a lot of wrong things but nothing i did was close to what he put me through. he cheated on me for 6 months, took this girl to our house, introduced her to his friends and family all behind my back. and then when he found out she was “pregnant” he hid that from me too. was he thinking he was going to hide a whole family from me? idk every screw is lose in this man. i found a postcard from her in our room she singed it “your princess”. he liked all her pictures on facebook when we weren’t even friends on facebook. he said she meant nothing to him but why would he do all that if she really didnt mean a thing to him. when i cheated i never did all that extra stuff. we are very much in love and all these things happened over a year ago. i just really cant let go of all the cheating he did. it was evil and calculated. hes a really good liar and manipulator. also his family hates me now because of all the crazy things i did after i heard what he had done to me. it costed him $40,000 in damages. i hated hanging out with his family anyways but i think he hides me from them and lies and says we are still broken up. when things are good between us they are simply amazing times but when things are bad between us its actual hell, its the worst. i love him so much but i know we shouldnt be together, their is too much pain. i put my face in a towel and cry and whale alone in the bathroom for hours every night just replaying all the disgusting betrayals in my head. my anxiety has never been worse i am paranoid 24/7 that he is still cheating on me i rummage through his belongings like a mad man and check his phone every chance i get. i havent been happy or felt like myself in so long. im crippled by my depression and self hatred i only ever leave the house for work and i barely ever talk to my friends or family. i am ashamed more than anything. ashamed that i am still with him and ashamed of my own actions throughout the relationship especially the incidents that took place after i found out about the other woman. i hate myself for staying with him. any woman in her right mind would have left a long time ago. i always rationalize it to myself so i can stay with him by saying “you cheated too, not as bad but the act is still the same” and “you’re even more crazy than him you deserve each other” and “he has stuck by through all the awful things you have done to him so you should stick by him now” but i cant say those things forever and they only help things feel easier for me for a little bit. we love each other so much and we have been through a lot but everyday i think of ways to leave. i feel stuck though. we live together and everything i own is in this house. i would have no where good to go if i left him. im a struggling college student that got laid off from my job. i have $10 in my checkings and almost no savings. i dont have a car right now either. my room at my moms house is now a storage space. i feel hopeless. i wish i could stop thinking about how much i hate him because i really want it to work. if there was a way to block my memories from all the horrible stuff that went down i would do it in a heartbeat but there’s just no way i can think of to heal from this trauma. im in the middle of a rock and a hard place. what should i do? do we deserve each other and i should stay with him or can i do better and leave? will i always be a mess with him because of all the shit that went down between us? can i ever heal? my long term goal was to stay with him for as long as i could until i saved up enough money to get a car and rent a room by myself somewhere else. but im comfortable here. he pays the rent and all the bills and buys everything for me. this is a fucking pickle. help.