So me and this dude met like a month ago on an online game and he's been calling me pretty frequently and his personality had me crushing pretty fast. I confessed to him around last week and he started calling me more/flirting/introducing me to his friends but made it clear that he can't do long distance (he just broke up w his recent gf bc being on lock down and away for too long was too hard and he lost feelings). So I was chill with this, just happy i got to continue to talk to him. But since our third time we've called he's been asking to facetime a lot, and I denied every time because I hate the way I look and I'm not even comfortable facetiming my closest friends lol. But he followed my personal instagram (that has my pictures of me on it) and called me cute/adorable so I started to feel more confident that he wouldn't be repulsed if we facetimed you know?? So last night I finally agreed, and I accept the call and his camera is just dead set on his ceiling- meanwhile my camera is propped up against my computer, showing my entire face down to torso (I had been so nervous all day, spent a lot of time on picking a good outfit and making sure my face didn't look busted, this was a huuge deal for me). The first thing I do is jokingly comment on the fact that he's only showing the ceiling and he's nonchalantly like "sorry i'm doing hw rn" so im just sitting there feeling awkward & not knowing what he's thinking bc i cant see him. eventually he does show the top half of his face when i show him my pet hamster and show him some stuff around my room to kinda break the ice. but he's barely commenting on anything or acting like he cares which was SO out of character because when we talk on the phone he's outgoing. Well, now that i think about it whenever he's doing homework while we're on call he does get really quiet, but I thought since this was our first facetime he would just take a break from work for atleast 5 minutes to talk to me and actually show his whole face. Eventually, in an attempt to match his energy, I set my camera to point towards my ceiling too. He notices and he's like 'can you put it back on your face? Like prop it up where it was before?' and I laugh and refuse because he wasn't showing HIS face so why do I have to show mine?? I tell him that 'I thought there'd be more 'face time' on this facetime', and he apologizes again for being too busy or whatever but in the moment my brain's screaming 'he thinks I'm ugly he's gonna lose his feelings for me so fast' and my heart's in my throat bc he asks to see me without my glasses and I refuse because I'm still really really embarrassed and sad and he's like 'I bet you'd look a lot better without glasses'. Idk if that was meant to be a compliment but it hurt for some reason? Either way I say no and make some jokes about my prescription just to not feel as awkward, and he's jokingly like 'i'm gonna hang up you're not doing anything fun lol' AS IF HE WAS??? So we kinda talk about dumb stuff like star wars and how stupid algebra is and then after about 15 minutes he says he's gonna go if it's okay with me, and I'm ??? because he's been asking for a facetime for SO LONG and now he wants to leave me in the dust after 15 minutes without even showing me his whole face. So the call ends and I'm really dramatic so I send him a text apologizing for making it awkward because i was nervous, and then saying that he could quietly block me if he didn't like what he saw and that it would be fine if he did. But he just responds with 'Wait what? Lmao you're fine' which doesn't give me much closure. My appearance is by far my biggest insecurity and I wanted him to like me so bad, but I feel like he was just so....chill?? While I was the one having crazy butterflies and I'm so worried that he took one look and went 'uh. okay no' because the pictures on my instagram are me WITHOUT my glasses on and i feel like i looked different. I'm more concerned with whether or not he'll voice call me again in the future at all. Is it normal for guys to have their camera on the ceiling while they ask the girl to show their face?? Was he being rude by not taking a break to actually talk, or is it a good sign that he was comfortable enough with me to be that calm? Am I overreacting?? If he does call again, I'm wondering if i should tell him how that situation made me feel but I'm not sure.