So, to start out with, I feel terrible for even thinking this but I feel as though I need to betray my best friend to help their significant other. For background, I love my best friend, more than I think they love themself. However, they have been deceptive towards me (about old stuff that I now know about) and pretty dismissive when I try to talk about the problems and the truth about why she has done the things she has. I no longer feel like a best friend but a black sheep and card in the game. But honestly, I am no longer trying to figure out why but figure out a way to help the boyfriend. My best friend has since the beginning, been cheating on the long term boyfriend. I’ve been understanding and supportive about the reasons why and always pushed  her to end it for both of their sakes. Whether it was being unhappy with him, or if he was neglectful, I understood why she might feel that way enough to cheat. He’s a nice guy, but just not a good dedicated boyfriend like she needs. Multiple years down the road, she still will not leave him, claiming “I love him, he’s the one I want to marry.” All the while having slept with more people in the relationship than when she was single. But what has sent me over the edge is now is, she jokes and completely disregards him as a person. She thinks it’s funny that he has no idea about any of her infidelity and treats him like a stupid puppy. He trusts her and would never even think to snoop to get close to figuring out some answers. Regardless, of my personal feelings(just saying, if she wants to marry him and says she loves him and treats him like this, I’m pretty sure this friendship is over, cause you can’t believe you are special to anyone) I want to help figure out a way to tell him anonymously because at this point so many people know but him, no one has his back. I have felt terrible for so long but remained silent because my bond with my friend. Again, I have tried to be the true friend she needs by telling it like it is and what she is doing is wrong, but she will tell me what I want to hear and basically when she isn’t around me will put in a new face and laugh in mine cause she doesn’t care. There is so much to the story but this is what my main goal is, help him. So please, if any one has any advice or anything, let me know.