I(15F) feel really passionate about my boyfriend (17). We finally had sex and I lost my virginity to him and so I was freaking out because though he was wearing a condom and they are 99. 99% preventing pregnancy, I was freakin out about the 0.01%. Trust me I felt so right to do that with him and I feel a deeper connection with him because of it. But yesterday I was so freaked out I took pills I mixed liquid medicine and then took them because I was scared, not of him but just the chance though its really small. Anyways I don’t have a lot of self-worth I actually have been wanting to kill myself for a long time and I don’t think I deserve the things that I have because I hate myself so much. I don’t know if it was the pills or the anxiety I had oh I knew his email and his password to his discord. Of course I didn’t find anything so I was relieved but then I went crazy because I don’t deserve a perfect person like him I do trust him I really do. I don’t trust myself though because I don’t deserve him. This is not an excuse for breaching his privacy this is what I was thinking through this process. But that’s not it I won’t even more crazy and went into his Gmail, Facebook, Skype, and I got into one of his Instagram accounts. I didn’t find anything and I was so fucking relieved. I went on Gmail and I found these like old emails for sex sites that has given him emails since recent and I got so goddamn insecure but they haven’t been opened yet. So I told my best friend (she was dating his best friend so best friends dating best friends just wanted to put that out there) and at the time all three of us were in a A Skype call and he knew that I sent something to her privately so he kept on nagging to know. And my best friend she told him that something was up so I needed to tell him. So I told him what I told you guys. And he was upset of course and he took it as me not trusting him yet it was totally for a different reason. He left the call and I haven’t talk to him since last night and I’ve been really depressed and been wanting to kill myself because I do not want to lose his perfect man and I don’t know why I did it I don’t know what to do anymore. Please somebody help me.