I want to know what people think and maybe help me understand better. So awhile back I notice my girlfriend was  jk with her guy friend about anal jk I honestly didn’t find it to funny but I didn’t wanna start anything. So I just ignored it couple of month later I notice that was a thing between them the anal jk and I ask her about it  and she was like what’s the big deal it’s only jk and I ask her what’s up with this guy and she was like oh it’s a friend who I grew up with and I just left it like that because I had a feeling I was just trying to be a control guy and honestly I don’t have a problem that my girlfriend talks to guys as long as it’s respectful. Well couple of weeks later again I saw he send her an image of a joga with something like “sunning light on your butthole” and a female open with her legs. So I was like hey is this your ex or something and she said no and then she said yes I was like well why didn’t you said that first when I ask you and she was like well I never seen him as an ex I saw him as a friend I know him since college and it was along time ago I dated him . I told her hey when we first started going out I told you I feel it awkward for a girl to talk to her ex and I would have appreciated it you would have told me since the beginning and she said she never saw it as an ex only as friend. I’m from a different country and honestly I do feel it kinda inappropriate for her to be jk about anal jk with her while with me and she keeps saying that’s normal everyone jk about anal I told her I have a lot of female friends and that’s not my style do you guys think I’m I wrong for feeling  like that like I said I’m from a different country and I’m not used to those kinda jk.  Also first she told me I dated a long time ago when I was in college I was kinda okay with that and kinda understood the long friendship and maybe it was and honest mistake she did see him as a friend but later on I found out three years ago she had a one night stand with this person and I was like how can you tell me this guy is only a friend to my face and not remember. Also by the way when we first started going out and noticed this was going to be a serious relationship she did tell me and open up that she had a FWB when she was younger she’s 33 right now and she said she learned from it and it was something she didn’t wanna do again and when I found out about the one night stand I just felt like she lie to me when she said I learned from it and it was something I didn’t wanna do again. And the reason I found out about the one night stand was because she gave me her  phone and was like here look like four months before we started there was a conversation where she ask him when was the last time he had action and he was like it was with you. I ask her about it and she was I don’t remember any of that couple minutes later she said  was I was drunk that night and was going through some bad things and I was like it’s hard for me to believe you when you tell me you don’t remember and when you are having a conversation about it with this person. And honestly I feel it hard to trust her cause when I first confronted her she would be defending him and saying it’s only a friend. what do you guys think about the anal jk is it normal for a guy and girl to jk just like that she said she did it with her girlfriends too. And do girls really see an ex as a friend and forget they once had an intimate relationship? and sorry for the long message