I’ve been dating this girl for 7 months and I absolutely love her. She means the world to me, but I’m 25 and she is only 19 and I feel like I have to deal with a lot of issues due to immaturity. This girl is beautiful, 10/10, so she gets a lot of attention from other guys. She has a lot of guy friends, which I’m sure would love to be more than a friend if they could. I see her texting a lot at times with these guy friends and she tries to hide it by putting her phone on do not disturb. I usually let it slide, but sometimes it gets to me and I had to address it a week ago because it was emotionally stressing me out. She showed me the texts between one of her guy friends that she has known for 5 years and it wasnt anything flirtatious, so I felt a lot better. However, on Valentine’s Day a lot of her guy friends were texting her and she started texting one back and when I turned around closed the messaging app thinking I wouldn’t see. I told her I don’t care if she has male friends, but it doesn’t make me feel comfortable that you try to be sneaky and hide texting from me. She said she didn’t want me to feel insecure again and doesn’t want me to overthink it, which I understand because I’ve hid text between female friends before because I don’t want her to overthink things. She said she would be more mindful and considerate. Anyway, I left the hotel room and was still upset when I got back and told her “you texting guy friends and hiding it just makes me feel uncomfortable and I don’t want that to get in between us” and she got real defensive and was like “I’m not dealing with this shit everyday” and was mad for a couple hours but then we made up. She says I ruined Valentine’s Day though by dragging it out further and not just listening to the fact that she said she be more mindful and considerate. I feel really bad, but at the same time I feel like my anger was justified. Was I in the wrong? I know this girl loves me. She spent 300 dollars on me for Valentine’s Day, has cried from thinking she would lose me before, spends all her time with me, but I just feel like she isn’t considerate of my feelings as much as I am considerate of hers.  As soon as any female makes her uncomfortable, I end communication with them right away so she will feel secure.