My bf and I have been together 11 years almost to the day, we have an 8 yr old boy together and recently made the decision to adopt a dog. I was initially very opposed because these things tend to fall into my lap and I didnt want the extra chores on top of everything I'm already doing. My bf works full time and I stay home so we have this agreement/arrangement where I do 100% of the cooking and cleaning and 70% of child care. It sucks that I can never "clock out" or take a break but I agreed to this. What I did not agree to was the added responsibility of an animal. I was repeatedly promised by both my bf and our son that I would not have to do it all and they would help and oh so many promises were made. I caved and verbally agreed to the dog under the condition that it would not all fall onto me. Naturally though it pretty much immediately fell onto me. I had to go find a dog to adopt, run him into the vets for shots, I had to come up with the checklist of what a dog needs, I wake up early and stay up late making sure he goes out to potty and am doing all the training completely by myself on top of my usual chores for the day with the added chores of cleaning up whatever mess the dog makes. Last night my body ached from head to toe and this morning I fully broke down sobbing on the floor of the shower because the dog got into the fire pit (cold and unlit) and ran full speed into the house first making a mess of the room we had just recently remodeled and then went on to spread the mess through the whole house. Bit and scratched me the whole time I was bathing him. I had to stop in the middle of all my cleaning to make breakfast for my son then back to cleaning, my dress was destroyed my the mud and chewing and when I finally finished and was able to shower I just lost it. I wrote to my bf practicality begging for any kind of help or time just rehome the dog because I cant handle it all by myself anymore. He said we could tie the dog up outside and basically leave him there. I opposed this and he goes off on a tangent saying rehoming him would break our sons heart and how awful I am for suggesting it when he cant leave work to help me. It made me feel like i cant talk to him about how I feel and I definitely cant rely on him to help. He ignored all the solutions I offered and only pitched these extreme ideas that I consider mistreatment. All I want is a little bit of help or just one less chore so I said if I cant get any help with the dog and I cant rehome him without the guilt trip than I want to stop cooking or cleaning or just something I can put down to lighten my load and he balked at that too. I came out of this argument feeling like I had absolutely no choice but to just suck it up, keep doing absolutely everything, and not only that but I also have to keep my breakdowns to myself because he doesnt want to hear it or he will get mad and suggest more extreme stuff. I dont think he actually wants to tie the dog outside I think he just said that to manipulate me into continuing with what I've been doing so far. It feels really unfair to me and I'm exhausted. I kept pressing him for help and telling him that I was sick of broken promises and it was obvious to me no one was gonna lift a finger so he called our son and told him if he didnt start taking responsibility the dog was gone. I would have been fine with that if he hadn't made such a show of it and made sure I heard him yelling and our son crying and then told me again that it was basically all my fault our son felt bad because I had the nerve to complain. I'm just so damn tired of all this and I dont know what I'm supposed to do but just suck it up until I cant take it anymore and I dont know what will happene when I get to that point. I dont feel like I'm allowed to express my feelings to him or he will "punish" me by yelling at our son and making him feel bad. I do want him to be more responsible but I dont think telling him the same thing 100x is going to make any difference. We need an actual solution here but I no longer feel like I can suggest one. I'm just at a loss here and I know im repeating myself a lot but I've been going in circles with bf, dog, and son for weeks now and I dont know what else to do.