My boyfriend just turned 16 and I’ll be turning 16 soon, we’ve been together for one year and 7 months we have this agreement that we will keep each other from doing drugs (including alcohol, vapes, weed etc) especially because his school environment is all the kids doing so many drugs and being addicts, everyone influences each other there, now at my school it’s much more chill since most kids are focused on their grades but there’s still a lot of partying and drinking with kids from other schools. His freshman year he got high about five times, his parents found out and he got in trouble (they always somehow find out) and he plays basketball so it really isn’t in his best interest plus we’re both trying to be as healthy as possible, I’ve never smoked before because it never interested me much and I got scared off when I saw how all the kids looked from doing so much weed. I have drank, I’ve never gotten super fucked up, I believe I’ve been buzzed and I’m really inexperienced so I don’t know which is drunk or buzzed etc. I drank once at a bonfire  and once during school, I’m going to be honest, I really enjoy the partying scene, I want to get drunk at parties and with friends, the very few times I have gone to any social gathering I didn’t do any drugs or I don’t go because my boyfriend always makes a big deal about it and he never wants to go with me. He’s super insecure saying that he doesn’t trust me getting drunk because he’s afraid I’ll cheat on him, (I’ve never done anything of the sort and I would never, I’ve never given him a reason to not trust me either but he just has super big insecurities), I try to understand him because that’s definitely something I would worry about if he was going to smoke which a bunch of ppl, but it’s not my number one worry. It kind of hurts because that’s the only reason he uses when he demands I do not to drink, it wouldn’t bother me so much if he told me he was scared of me getting raped or passing out and choking on my vomit (I seriously don’t plan on getting that drunk but I’m still trynna get drunk). But he always only talks about not knowing how I would act with other boys when I’m drunk and end up cheating and that he doesn’t want any boys pouring alcohol into my mouth etc. (I’m not that crazy). I don’t go out to any social gathering now because he always goes on about “you’re probably going to cheat on me” like wtf I would never and I always tell him repeatedly. I swore to myself that I would never let a boy tell me what to do, but I’m embarrassed to say that he basically is not allowing me to get drunk at any social gathering even though he adds you can still go just don’t drink he still says that he still thinks I will go cheat and I won’t be enjoying myself while he’s just texting me about cheating. So there’s really no way of him not thinking that I will cheat on him, and of course I don’t go because I don’t want to hurt him like that and it would cause such a fight if I ever just went and got drunk when he asked me not to. What should I do because I don’t want to go all of high school without trying any fun things with friends. (I know doing drugs is not what high school should be about and there’s other things I could do but it is my choice and preference).