Hi, throwaway account.. I’m exhausted.. long story short, I’m m31, I’m college student I’m living with my mother, she has depression,  but she would never admit it .. and I have to help her at home. But she has an immense ego. Today I had a breakdown, she isn’t supportive, she isn’t grateful for what I do, she is zero emotional to me since down of time, she had me in young age because she was a wayward and reprobate woman.. I felt she never loved me in my childhood, she was cold, absent, indeed she told me that openly many time, she didn’t want me, she told me that everything would have been better if I weren’t born.. she is closed, she never opens, she has nothing in life, my father left us because she was abrasive and intractable for her entire life, she has no job, she say it’s my fault because I was born, and reiterate this every single time we spoke.. she refuses to change, she refuses to talk, she also has hoarding disorder, but it’s not that bad I mean it’s not like some situation you can see on tv, but she has it, ergo she doesn’t want to throw away old stuff, she is stuck in the past, she tells me that, when I was 12 I was already an adult and it wasn’t big deal if she didn’t love me.. she said to me she has no regrets of not loving me because she didn’t know I need it (me at 10), she always diminish me, she always shame myself and my attempts to tell her I need her to be a better mother, and that I suffer about this... I don’t know what to do.. today I started the vow of silence because I cannot hold it anymore.. I cannot hold other people say to me that it’s normal to love our mothers.. yes it is, if they loved you as normal it would be indeed, but she didn’t, and I don’t know if I love her .. but I’m tired I’m really tired.. my studies getting delay because of this, also my mother pulling her ranks on me and the fact I’m late at college actually ignoring the true whys I’m late in college ..I’m tired .. I don’t know what to do .. sorry for the long post and for bad English .. love you all ❤️