Here is the backstory: This person I didn’t talk to at all. I rarely even seen this person. 2 years ago, This all change when there was an event organized by the university where a celebrity comes and talks to the students. She and I got VIP bracelets. I won the contest out of 5 people and since she worked for the event, she was the check in clerk. She got VIP as well. After the event concluded. She offered to take a picture of me with the celebrity. I will not mention the celebrity. She also took a picture with the celebrity. She would smile at me several times after that. This was the beginning of it. 7 months passed by and I got her for two classes and she would smile at me and make direct eye contact. She would sit next to me like more than 5 times. I kid you it was like 10 times. Oh boy, at one point, she said hi and I as well. When she was absent, I would get the missing work for the classes I had her in. She would continue to smile at me. There was several times where I went to the game room in the Student Union and I went to play and she jokingly and playful said that I didn’t like playing those games referring to the Legend of Zelda type of games where it was true but I never said that to her. She knew I like Soccer but that was it. And honestly that was cool and sweet. when 4 months passed by, we outta of nowhere saw each other and we chat and said how we our day and how long do we need to graduate and what classes we were taking and how many left. 9 months passed by and I briefly saw her but I didn’t want to talk to her because she was working with an event outside and I didn’t want to interrupt her. Oh boy, she finished fast because I was like 15 feet away. She was excited to see because she finished what she was doing to talk to me. She didn’t care for anybody at that moment but me. She walked fast to get where I was I believe because it was some what a mid long distance where I was and was and boy, when she got to where I was, she immediately saw me and told me, hi, how are you? and then we talked for like 4 minutes and then at the end of the conversation, she said It was lovely talking to you and boy that melted my heart. I can hear in mind how she speaks tbh.