Hello Reddit, I created this account so I could have some second opinions on this issue. I'm a 24m, and met a 23f around the end of 2019, I met her during an event related to our mutual hobby and we instantly clicked and became good friends, then that friendship started to heat up (noticed involuntary giggles from her, blushing, touching, even cuddling one time we went on a camping trip and another when we watched a movie together). So after knowing her and seeing her pretty much every weekend for 2 months, I popped the question that I wanted to be more than friends and had feelings for her, and she said so did she, so we started to be intimate. Both of us were extremely happy, and at our second encounter we were even closer (and had the best intimate night ever, beats all the other girls I dated/had relationship before by miles) and at the end of that night she said that night was the first of many. But it couldn't have been in the worst timing because COVID hit and suddenly we were apart because she moved back to her parents in NY. We kept contact, called each other or texted every day and after 2 months her job called her back so we agreed to see each other since we both live alone and would only have contact with each other. So yesterday we had our reunion, watched a movie together, cuddled again and by the end of the night, I said I wanted to continue where we left off before the quarantine, she blushes a lot but says "I don't know" and didn't want my kiss, but said I flatter her and all that... I am severely disappointed, I expected we would be together again but my guess is that she is playing hard to get because there's not much competition today because of the virus and she feels safe to play that game. Something like this would make me move on but COVID messed up with everyone's heads and it's not like I can go out and meet someone else nowadays. Plus I really like we share hobbies and she did admit on a casual conversation he had one abusive relationship in the past and has hang-ups. My previous dating and relationship experiences don't cover separation by pandemic so I'd appreciate some tips that I can put into consideration.