Good Day! Wanted to discuss some solutions here to my problems. I have a relationship with my girlfriend, going to 3 years and we have a beautiful baby girl together. She's currently 1 year and 5 months old. The thing is, I've been living with my GF and her parents, due to the fact that her mother wants her to live there, and it is quite becoming a nuisance to me for simple reasons. The only reason I moved in was to get to be there for my child and provide since my Gf isn't working. Keep in mind her father is the Lt. Col here in Belize, so they are currently living on camp. Also to mention its always a hassle to visit her often, so also one of my reason to move in. Anyways, it's almost a year now since I've moved and it is unfair of how I'm treated here. I pay a little rent money here and I'm always sure to get a few groceries to ourselves but its her mom who is the one that treats us to "exact". What I mean by this is as follows. Recently, due to pandemic, I've sent over 500 dollars in just groceries, and it is expensive over here. Ive lable my groceries and mines was also along with her mothers. Me and my GF recently took our child to visit my mom and her mother noted that we should full her tank if we are borrowing her car. I have no problem, but when we came back home, i went to the back and grab a snack for my baby from my groceries and there was nothing there. Her mother uses all of our groceries without informing me. So the 500 dollars i spent went like that. Thats just one of the situations of many. Its becoming frustrating since it's me who is trying to provide, whilst my gf siblings  arent providing, not to mention that her younger brother is also a police officer. I'm a young architect trying to provide and its only me who is working to provide, so yes it is frustrating to see your money gone. I've also try to talk to my GF about getting a job for the past year but her excuse is always im trying. And whenever I mention that we should move out, her excuse is that her mom wont be there to help. I'm never seeing myself saving here because it is always a situation whereby we need to buy that and this and my savings are going compared to what I've been saving at my mothers. Now I'm here asking myself what should I do. I want to move out because there is no potential growth here for me, but I don't want to because of my baby is used to me here; given the fact that my GF doesnt want to move out. We've been unhappy. The relationship isnt the same, and I'm seeing that its going to fail. What should I do?