So I (19M) recently met a girl (23F) online through omegle. As any online random chats I was doubtful about the identity of the person I was talking to. Our friendly relationship started with League of legends games and for the first two days that was the only way I had to contact her. We had really good chemistry from the start an we instantly started talking about more personal things. I was really happy that someone as kind as her was talking to me like that. And then I started feeling uneasy. She wanted to join the voice chat and talk to me but her mic dint work inside the game so she asked me for my Discord tag. Finally an app that I could use to talk to her easier and faster. So I joined her in a discord call and we ended up talking for hours unending.  That was the moment that I felt this feeling for the first time in my life. Was it love? I don't think so but it was most certainly some form of affection towards her. We ended up talking till the morning exchanging selfies and stuff. Since I was still a bit skeptical about her identity I decided to reverse search every image she sent me and check for photoshopped artifacts. 0 results and no artifacts. I was thrilled just by the thought that she was real. She started complimenting my appearance and I followed up with my own compliments as well. We were really heated up talking about the future and we became closer. It was easy to understand, even for someone like me with no understanding about peoples emotions (yes im one of those people that if you do not tell them what you feel even if you clearly show it we wont understand it), that we both wanted this to work out. I could not be happier, even if we are still on a trial period since we dont know each other for a long time. We put everything down beforehand and for that I thank her. We talked about everything under the sun trying to limit the possibilities of something going wrong. But I am a really insecure person with inferiority complex and stuff (standard computer guy stereotype) and i cant stop thinking that I might singlehandendly destroy this almost relationship. I keep thinking if im good enough for her and if this will work out since we live in different countries. (I live in Greece and she lives in Poland).  We are pretty open about everything and i have told her about my thoughts and even if she reassured me i still cant shake off these thoughts. There are some barriers that we need to overcome. How can I stop thinking about failing and work towards having a healthy relationship with her? I will be replying on every comment or question as long as it doesn't violates her privacy.