We've been dating for a little over two years now and for the most part it's been really nice and conflict free. We started dating in our last year of college and at first I was convinced that she was the one and that we'd never break up but when we moved in together over the summer my feelings changed quite a bit. For whatever reason it just didn't feel the same and eventually it led me to break up with her. The reasoning in my head was it just didn't feel right. However, when I told my parents they got really upset about the whole thing, telling me she was amazing and that I made a mistake which made me second guess myself and I ended up getting back together with her after a couple days. After college we both moved back to our respective homes and we live about an 8 hour drive from each other. We were seeing each other about once a month up until the whole covid lockdown happened and it all seemed great. The thought of moving in together someday seemed appealing but she recently came to stay with me for a month and I once again can't shake that feeling that its just not right. It's really hard to explain which is why I'm so confused about the whole thing but it almost feels like I just need to be single at this time in my life. Not so I can go get other girls but just because I don't want to be in a relationship. Another thing is that she's vegan and I'm not at all and although I act like it's no big deal and we make delicious vegan dinners all the time, a part of me is really sad that it's something I'll have to always think about. Like we can never just go get food at any place, we always have to look up menus and find something with vegan options. And although I don't mind vegan food since it can be pretty good, I definitely prefer eating non-vegan. She has no intention to make me vegan and not everything I eat is vegan and we do have separate meals occasionally, its just the thought of always having to think of vegan options for her anywhere we go or anytime I make meals for us that kinda gets to me. Bit sure if that makes me an asshole :/ Anyway, I don't know if I'm crazy because she is really sweet, thoughtful, and supportive, I just don't know if I'm supposed to be with her.