So to start my sister, Abby has been with her husband for about 6 years. They have 1 daughter, and recently announced that she is pregnant with a little boy. Abby had recently started talking about how she hasn’t been happy with her husband, Brent 28m for about a year and a half. Abby says that she fell out of love when their daughter was born. They became her parents and nothing else. Well, Abby foolishly got pregnant again by Brent even though she has been unhappy for so long. Here comes the tricky part. Abby has had a friend since she was a teenager, Lucas. Lucas and Abby have history, but could never date due to our father being Lucas’s employer. Lucas and Abby have been back in contact with one another and admitted that they love one another in a “friend” way. Abby had told me that she warned Lucas that the conversation needed to be kept clean, so if Brent ever saw she could say it was nothing harmful. They were in the same friend group and would often go out with their friends. Brent would be invited but typically left early to get my niece, and Abby would stay out with Lucas and two other people. In pictures that the group posted it looked like Lucas and Abby were together meanwhile Brent was forced to stand behind. Recently a family member died and Abby said that Brent wasn’t there for her through the emotional process at home. Meanwhile Brent was there the entire time we stayed in the hospital, he always spent his free time there and usually chasing my niece around. Making sure Abby had time to spend with our dying family member. Abby saw it as Brent not caring, because Abby is the type of parent to just let my niece run around and expect other people to pay attention because “she is around people that know to pay attention to her”. 3 days after our family member passed away, my sisters car had sent me an update for a parking location because my phone had been previously hooked to her car. The address was Lucas’s mother’s house, where he is currently living. When I saw I tried texting, FaceTiming and even calling Abby. All went unanswered. About 3 hours later she texted in our group chat like everything was normal. I had confronted her about it privately saying I wasn’t stupid. I knew she was at Lucas’s house. She told me several times that she was just driving my niece around because she had fallen asleep in the car. But yet her location was right at his house, but she claimed she turned her phone off and was just driving around and her car was never parked there. He lives in the middle of the country, there is no way that her phone was just coincidentally stopped tracking there for hours. My mother and I have been going back and forth. I want to bring it to Brent’s attention because he’s clueless, but it’s my sister. But that’s also my brother in law, niece and son to be nephew that she is tearing apart. We’re lost. I’ve suggested marriage counseling to Abby, but she says she would on,y go to make herself look good in court for custody of the kids. I don’t know really what to do, and I guess this could’ve also just been a rant post about my dumbass sister.