We have been dating for almost two years. I've always felt a sense of anxiety or "what's next" when dealing with her. Over the past year we unfortunately had to have an abortion and her father passed away as well.  Her father but her family through a rough divorce and eventually was forced to leave the country because of visa issues. So her relationship with her father was pretty much non existent after that. After the abortion she began to resent me, which in my opinion is expected but nothing out of the ordinary. We have a long distance relationship so the majority of our contact is through phone, text and facetime.  For the past several months she began to feel really distant, whenever I would address the issue she would just say she is busy with work.  Fast forward to the holidays , I booked a flight down to see her but she insisted that she didn't want to see me and needed space. When I tried to call her for New Year's eve I saw that she was on another call and ignoring my 10 phone calls. Then, moving on to Valentine's Day weekend, she was supposed to see me (we hadn't seen each other in 3 months at this point). But one week before she claimed that she fainted at her job because of known stomach issues and had to be ambulanced to the hospital. I found this out the next day. So she claimed that her mother drove 3 hrs to come stay with her and take care of her while she attends doctor appointments to figure out what is wrong, eventually saying that she was not able to come because of all of this and the way she was feeling physically. So I talked to her sister-in law the next day, who lives with her husband and my gf's mother and she says that the mother has been with her the whole week and she doesn't know what i'm talking about. So I confront my gf about it and it gets pretty verbal over the phone, she wont admit to anything, even though I put her mom on 3 way call she still denies it and claims her mother is lying because she asked her mother to lie. My theory is that she is seeing someone else because of what happened on New Years and Valentines day. I told her i'm done with her until she's ready to admit she's lying and we haven't spoken in a week. So, was this the right move? Is she seeing somebody else? What should I do from here? This really sucks..