Every time I tell my boyfriend no, he gets super mad. Part of me understands why because the last year has been rough for our sex life. I’ve been diagnosed with Vaginismus which means there’s really no possible way of me having sex. So it’s been a while since we’ve been able to have sex but I’m working on that. Also, with everything hurting when I try to have sex, I’ve pretty much lost my sex drive. I don’t want anyone or him touching me cause it’s uncomfortable. So we came up with the agreement that once a week I’ll give him a blow job so that way he’s still getting something from me and then I don’t have to hear him complain about me not touching him (but since I don’t want anyone touching me, I don’t really wanna touch anyone either). This plan worked for a month but one week I wasn’t feeling well so I told him no. I could tell that he was upset but reassured me that it was ok. Then the next week I really didn’t want to. I just wasn’t in the mood to. Especially since it feels so forced and planned, I just wasn’t feeling it. He then got super mad at me that I never wanna touch him and that things aren’t gonna get better and nothing is gonna change. This isn’t the first time he’s said this or done this when I tell him no. And when I was able to have sex with him (surprisingly I was able to have sex for a while before a traumatic surgery kinda ruined things and then I got Vaginismus) I would do it all the time even when I wasn’t really wanting to just to make him happy. He told me that I was allowed to say no if I didn’t want to and it would be ok. Since then I’ve been saying no when I want and he gets mad every time. Saying that I never want to and that he thinks I’m not attracted to him and stuff. But he’s got the craziest sex drive and I don’t. I never really have even in past relationships. And then with the Vaginismus and stuff happening I figured that making a schedule to do it once a week would keep the intimacy going in the relationship. But I feel like every time I say no I feel guilty and I feel like a bad girlfriend. I’m trying my hardest to keep him satisfied but when I get nothing in return and he’s getting a blow job once a week it’s not really fair. I’m just trying to figure out if I’m in the wrong or if he’s being slightly abusive. I’m just sick of fighting about this every time I say no.