A guy I work with asked me out yesterday to which I said yes and immediately after I uttered the word, I regretted it. It’s not like he’s a bad person or anything, I just don’t think I was entirely rational when I answered. We’ve been working together for about a month, but he’s only been talking to me for less than a week. He asked for my snap earlier this week and we’ve talked a bit and called twice. He’s complimented me a lot and feels some kind of connection to me because I’ve experienced things like loneliness which he has never been able to relate to anyone over except me. The thing is, I’m not so sure I like him because we barely know each other. I also have really bad social anxiety and no sense of self worth. Social situations make me feel really anxious and tense so I have a hard time talking to people in person and making eye contact. It’s why I prefer talking to people through text or phone call rather than in person. But after I said yes he mentions plans for a first date and a lot of things to do in person and I realized that this is going to involve social situations. I have a really hard time talking to him at work because of my anxiety. I stumble over my words, tap my foot, look away, and try my best not to freak out because that’s how I act with anyone who isn’t my close friend. I think the things he said to me like telling me I’m pretty and nice and things like that just made me feel some kind of validation because my opinions of myself are self deprecating. But now that I said yes and this is happening I’m just so nervous about seeing him in person. I didn’t realize the amount seeing people in person that a relationship demands. I already have a hard time opening snapchats from people because of the anxiety of not knowing what they sent and the pressure of responding since they know I’ve read it. He keeps sending me snaps that I’m scared to open because he says things that make me feel nervous and tense. And when I don’t look at them he knows I’m ignoring them or waiting because we’re in quarantine in my city and I’m on my phone all day. I wish I said no because I don’t think I can mentally handle a relationship right now. I always wanted to be asked out but now I really think that wish was just for the validation I would feel. I really don’t know what to do now. He seems like a good person, but it’s been less than 24 hours and I already want to break this off. I feel so guilty. How should I handle this?