I am a 57 year old male married to a 32 year old child. We have been together for more then 10 year's, married for just over 5 year's. Just a few day's after we were married, she quit her job and has followed me like an obedient puppy ever since. I mean seriously follows me every damn where. I can't have friend's, I am self employed so she automatically assumes she can go to work with me. For the last 5 year's she has been up my ass 24/7/365. I can't ever get time for me. She cleans house like a 5 year old, she has no clue how to do laundry. Even after being shown time and time again. Literally everything she touches turns to garbage. She has broken or destroyed, everything I buy for our home. I have found trash cans full of dirty dishes, because she won't do them. I have been fed up with her lies and bullshit for years. I have told her many time's that we are done. However I can't get her to leave. When I tell her we are done, she says "but I'm not done"!! I also have told her hundreds of times to get a job. Once she said." I will kill myself first!!!" I also told her that I will continue to provide a roof, I will continue to feed her, I said however, I am not required to provide you with, candy, drugs, cigarettes, soda pop or anything along them lines. I never get to smoke a whole cigarette by myself without her begging for my butts. She has destroyed 6 phones while I am sill on the first one I bought when I signed up for the cell service, and she never has the volume turned up so she can get my texts. She just ignores the texts. We talked about her being a submissive, and she told me that she would completely, 100% submit to me. It has never happened. I am literally sick to my stomach everyday I wake up next to her. I've told her I would get a restraining order, just so she can't take our home. She never takes care of.anything and I will not give her my home. So today,  03/04/2020 I bought myself a couple packs of cigarettes. She takes it upon herself to open a pack and to help herself to a few, the same goes with, weed, money or anything else I might enjoy. She has cashed money orders I left blank, she has taken my weed without my permission. At one point I was selling illegal substances, but I could never leave anything at home because she would help herself. I do believe she loves me, in her way messed up way. But I also believe she is a master manipulater, play's stupid, and is basically using me. I need some advice on how I can get away from her without her getting everything I own? How do I get away from her when I never get 2 minutes alone? I am worried that she will do something extremely stupid when I do leave. I know she can't take care of herself, she will almost definitely be homeless. How can I free myself of this hindrance? Please help me!!