Sorry if this ends up being a jumbled mess and a wall of text. I am a 16 year old male. Let me start from the beginning I got send a picture of her sunday at like 2am by one of my friends I express that i thought she was cute and that maybe I would like talking to her. So I got to bed. Wake up at like noon I get a message from my friend saying to add her. My friend basically set us up talking. A few days go by  its Tuesday and we are supposed to meet each other at lunch that day. Lunch comes she does not show up I'm bummed later she texts me apologising and say that she slept in and could not get to school. I say want to just meet tomorrow before school because we do not have the same lunch, she said shes just going to skip her class to come have lunch with me. Its Wednesday and my 16th birthday. We meet each other before school I was awkward as hell and did not say much. Later apologized for it then lunch comes it goes great. Later that day she messaged me asking if I wanted to hang out at her house we arrange for the next day. Then Thursday comes in one day I got my license went over to this girls house and kissed her for the first time. Then it happened every thing is going great except for the fact that no matter how hard we tried I could not finish. I told her when we were cuddling after that it was my first time. Then we smoked a cigarette each out her window. ( I know I'm fucking stupid) she says when I'm still there she would like to do it again and that I could come over basically anyday because shes home alone all day. I went back after convincing my mom to let me drive over there after school today and it was about 7 30 when things got heavy again. And same thing happened I could not finish. I need help and I can't ask a family member or any of my friends. Is there somthing wrong with me. I feel like I failed her. Failed at being a man. And failed myself. I want this to stop happening. So I ask you reddit to please help me. Everything with her moved so fast. In less than a week all of this happened.