Boyfriend and I are both 20, he’s cheated once in the past which I think about: My boyfriend and his ex had a mutual break up up 2 months ago. We met while they were still dating, and after the breakup, he told me their relationship was strictly sexual, and that they shared nothing in common so that he feels nothing for her now; they’re just friends. I’ve found that during their relationship he gave her things he’s owned that meant the world to him (would this suggest that the relationship was maybe a bit more than he had told me it was?) , and now last week (whilst he was living with her for a week; long story) he tells me that she came to him confessing her  current feelings for him, and during the breakup. He also mentioned that as he’s been living with her, she’s constantly been coming on to him sexually and he doesn’t know what to do because he feels if he doesn’t give in she will kick him out (he told me had other friends he could’ve stayed with, but her place was the most convenient). I basically told him yeah that’s a tough one. I know, I should’ve been more communicative there. So, he moves out of her place (naturally, as there had been a set date) and had told me that once he’s out he wouldn’t be seeing her everyday. Nope. He’s still seeing here e.v.e.r.y.d.a.y! New scenario: he doesn’t have a car, and he has other options, but she just so happens to be the most convenient, so she drives him around everyday, but there’s nothing there between them and they share nothing in common so whilst they’re driving around for 6+ hours a day they aren’t exchanging hardly any words and his head is buried in his phone doing business deals (he’s a drug dealer she’s driving him around to sell). He tells me how much he cares about me, how I’m the only perfect girl to him, how he doesn’t even find her attractive anymore now that he has me...is he just shooting shit? Yesterday I told him I don’t want you seeing her everyday while we’re together. If you need her for a ride right now, I respect that, come back to me when you don’t, but that I can’t be with someone who’s cheated in the past and is hanging out alone everyday with an ex they left 2 months ago. I told him I’m ok with them being friends and hanging out but ALL OF THE TIME makes me uncomfortable. Is this unreasonable? Should I trust him more? Do you think he’s already done something with her while they lived together? We’ve only been dating for a month and a half; should I continue the relationship? He really seems to care about me; I’m just afraid he’s good at saying what he knows I want to hear.