So I was seeing this girl and things were going well, until her ex resurfaced and gave her closure. She broke it off with me because she realized she was hurting from the ex and she felt like she couldn't move forward because of it even though we had a strong connection. We still talked often until I started getting needy and jealous and then abruptly started ignoring her because I was not in a healthy place mentally and felt like it would be for the best. A friend told me that she was mad at me for not talking to her so I reached out and tried to be friendly again to only getting the same treatment I gave her. I wrote her off until she offered an olive branch and we talked for a couple of days like normal and then she started ghosting. She seemed upto hang out when I asked her, but ultimately ended up bailing before we were supposed to meet up. I talked to a friend who talked to her and got a "Sorry Ive been busy and nothing is wrong" text that screamed I got called out for ghosting you and here I am covering my ass. I wrote her off again. She reached out a week later we had a brief conversation, and back to nothing. I know this girl has a lot of personal demons and baggage but she is a truely amazing person who I dont understand why she would act the way she hates being treated (thats how her ex did her) when she was honest and respectfully when she ended thing and wanted to continue being friends. I know that things completely changed after I ignored her for a couple of weeks because uptil then I was getting responses and memes and shit. Despite all of this, I can't seem to let her go and it has been 3 months now. I would like her back in my life if not to try again and see where it goes since we had a lot of potential, or just as friends. I know I sound like an idiot for wanting her back after all of this. How do I thaw out the ice queen I have seemed to create and try to rekindle a friendship that I also how to see if there is a spark or strong connection still there? I know Ill get a lot of shit for not wanting to give up but the heart wants what it wants. Is there anyway to get her back or is all hope lost?