My girlfriend has recently opened up to me about the resentment she is feeling towards my actions. This recently came up after 4 months almost 5 months of our relationship. I am concerned that after she stated about being friends, and how maybe we need a break; my girlfriend is slowly trying to distance herself from me. We did talk about the resentment that she feels towards myself. Did the very best that I am able to with my words to show her that this resentment and argument that has come up is nothing that will break us apart from each other. I'm not sure how I should feel about the whole situation. As I told her about my feelings towards her and that this is not something that can limit our relationship but help bring to my attention on a situation that i can fix and we can be stronger together becasue of it. I want her to understand that I am the guy she is looking for as we make our long distance relationship work to the best of our capability. She said to maybe take a break u til spring break in March and that is over 1 month of no talking. I'm concerned that with that amount of time she has chosen to break up but does not want to say. I have tried countless times to show her that this resentment is something that is good to talk to me about amd not bottle it up. It does not help that she has friends that are agreeing with the way she is feeling and it has made my thoughts believe that with her friends agreeing with her that she wants our relationship to end. I need more understanding on how to better the situation rather than allow the "break" potential break up and to better myself as I am mature for her and a SO that she can see herself with. I'm not sure what other words I could potentially say to show her that this is part of our relationship and having this talk is good and healthy rather than unhealthy thoughts and pushing each other away from all the positive that has come from this relationship. I always see more positive than negative in the relationship and it seems that her thoughts are being clouded by resentment and I feel that it's making her decision to leave me rather than to stay. It's simple and I know the mistake that I made that gave her the feeling of resentment and can fix it quickly so it can stop and she does not have to feel this way anymore. I'm just not sure how to show her that even though our 6 hour distance in drive is worth every minute to spend with each other. I'm worried that she will leave me even though she says that she does not want me to be out of her life and that she still wants me and maybe we can be friends; if we are still friends rather than a couple it will feel as if I'm not the man she sees herself with and that is detrimental to my thoughts of just being a friend after we have been in a relationship. What is my best approach to the situation to show my girlfriend that she does not have to take a break from me and that my apologies do matter; I listened to all her words and took them all in and now need thoughts about how to handle the situation as I do not feel the want/need to leave her but to keep our relationship going rather than falling out of love and I love her very much and wish that she stays rather than leaves. Please if anyone has any helpful advice please let me know what I can do to show her that our relationship is built of good trust and happiness and love and we are healthy together and work together not against each other.