(ThrowRA). No matter how childish this post may seem, it's all very important to me and I'm desperate enough to the point where I need any advice I can take. Two and a half months a go I joined a discord server about an online game, and I quickly became acquainted with a number of people who I know feel like I've known for years. Among one of these people, I met a guy who I almost immediately bonded with. Same views on most topics, same upbringing, a person that's been through what I've been through and thus we're able to understand each other thoroughly. We quickly became too attached to each other, as we were both in dark situations at that time and as I see it desperately needed someone. Things have been good so far, we talk a lot, we watch series together, we play together. Normal stuff you would do in an online relationship. We're both students atm so it's hard to meet, but next year he'll be moving abroad and I'll be able to visit. I'm very serious about him and he says he is as well. Until yesterday. Yesterday said person decided to quit the game, and try to break up with me. He believes the only mutual thing between us is the game we play together, and that only this and our friends maintain our relationship since we end up talking about these topics a lot. I disagree fully with that, and believe that since these things are our routine we'd naturally end up discussing them a lot. It's not like these are the only things we talk about, but they are a part of it. I explained that, and said that we'll be fine even without such things, and that we'll find something to discuss and I wouldn't let out relationship die. I may be making him out to be an asshole in this post, but he is a sweet person that puts me above everything else. He's been through a rough upbringing with bad conditions, and yet he still has morals and beliefs I deeply respect. But he's afraid of everything slowly dying, so he thought it was better to end it now than get hurt later. I managed to convince him this was wrong, that you can't just give up because you're afraid you might get hurt in the future, and we're still together. We're both loners, very secluded persons and not outgoing at all, so at this point each other has become all we have. I'm too scared to lose him, and I'm sure he is as well. What can I do to make sure our relationship won't die before we meet? We're both bad at finding conversation topics, but once we do we talk for hours. How do I break the silence? What's the right way to spend time together, so he doesn't believe our relationship is maintained on other factors? Thank you in advance.