This is sorta long. So me and my boyfriend have been together for a little over a year now. At first everything was fine but In the first month of us dating he insisted on us trading passwords to social media and insisted on knowing my phone password. After that I noticed he was going through my phone every night after I fell asleep.? So I’m thinking is he just nosy or Is it because he’s hiding something? So I just figured he was nosy. After awhile he would start to bring things up to me that I texted to my mom or things I said on text and ask me why I said that and just invading my privacy. Then he made me remove all guys off of my social media. And could keep his so I made him delete his too. I just hated it at this point because it felt so toxic so early on and made me feel insecure. It started to get annoying. So I went through his phone one night. I know i shouldn’t have but I was just sketched out. So. I find he has all his ex’s nudes in his phone, I found out he went behind my back and sent an ex money, he texted a girl “I miss you”. It hurt. I never have insecurities in relationships this is my first real one, but he’s given them to me. he makes it seem like he is so in love with me. So I bring it up to him and his excuses are, I had no  idea I had her nudes, he said he sent his ex money for food, and the girl he missed is his old “best friend”. So anyways our relationship goes on for a few more months and he one day randomly brings up how hot these porn stars are, how hot Jennifer Aniston is, how hot margot Robbie is.. like when we’re watching movies I asked him not to and he continues to do it. He followed his old teacher and liked all her pictures (which he told me a story about her being a dream fuck in high school)  .. like he just does weird things you shouldn’t do in a relationship. Few months later go by and I find out he’s been texting that same girl he texted “I miss you” to for a month. I confronted him about it and he says oh you’re crazy I was only talking to her about you. And then I asked the girl if anything happened and she told me I don’t deserve him, called me a pill head, all these things that confused me because I do everything for my boyfriend. I got him off of pills so that really hurt to hear. I love him with all my heart and i can’t see why he does these things to me I do literally everything for him. Throughout this year I’ve lost 3 friends over him he always hated my two best friends so much that they won’t talk to me anymore because he threw cereal in one of their car (another long story). But anyways I’ve passed all these red flags because I really thought I was in love. I figured he was just a guy and I could help him change. But recently, if we get into an argument And I want to leave he’ll take my phone run inside the house and lock me out of the house and it makes me get so out of character and I feel crazy about it. When we argue it’s like he purposely makes me get out of character so he has a reason to hit me. I don’t get him. He isolated me away from everyone and now lately he’s been distant not as clingy and acts like I have to depend on him. He calls me stupid when we argue he says He don’t even care anymore. I love him so much. But I always have a lingering fear that he is gonna cheat on me or leave me and I’ll have no one left. I love him so much I just want him to care again and treat me with love and respect like he did when we first hungout before dating but I feel like it was all some weird persona he put on :( idk I’m just really sad. I know I could be better off alone but we have also had a lot of good memories along with the bad.:(