So to be fair this was not intentional and i feel really really bad. Anyway, my boyfriend (we are gonna call him Alex) and I have a baby together. We live in a shitty little town and i hate it here. Currently just moved back to my moms due to a 3 month hospital stay and my child being unable to be in daycare so i can't work to help w the bills rn. Plus my bf isn't working rn either bc he got fired. Lately we have had little to no romance and honestly i just feel like the effort is gone. He's been speaking to me rudely and we have been having arguments. I have a male bestfriend (we are gonna call him Ben). Ben has been my friend for years and the universe continuously pulls us together time and time again. He has been there through every break up, every problem. Always came to my rescue. Honestly just was a great friend. He didn't know Alex and I were having problems and out of the blue, Ben texted me and was like, if you're not married in the next few years i want to be with you. I'm in love with you. I didn't know how to feel. Inside i think I'm in love with him too but I'm so afraid to potentially lose him if we didn't work out together. We had talked about it before when he still lived close but we both weren't in the right space mentally at the time. He moved about 1000 miles away for school and we talk every single day. Every time we stop a conversation he tells me he loves me and no matter what i say he's always there for me. We kinda had a few conversations involving sexual things lately and it was a first. I feel sprung. I can't get my bestfriend off of my mind. I want him and feel so bad about it. My boyfriend has been slacking big time and disrespecting me but i feel bad leaving because of the baby. I love my boyfriend but the relationship isn't the same anymore, kinda draining now. He's a great dad but not a great provider or great man of the house. Bestfriend offered to move baby and i out with him and live in his house with him 1000 miles away. I feel like i can't move anywhere bc of my baby and he wouldn't see his dad or family. I'd probably be outed for moving w Ben even though my entire family adores him more than anyone I've ever been with. Keep in mind, when i was pregnant, Alex my boyfriend was texting his ex and stressed me super bad to the point that i delivered at 6 months (baby is fine!). I thought i was gonna have to leave him and was talking to Ben about it at the time and he offered to help me raise my kid before he was even born when Ben still lived here by me. What do i do? Am i a terrible person for feeling this way? The feelings between my bestfriend and i are mutual as far as what he told me, and we never were physical but have kinda sexted a bit now. I feel really bad, i need some wisdom and be easy on me please.