My(22F) ex(21M) broke up with me two months ago and two weeks ago he told me that he never wants to speak to me again and blocked me on everything. Well this past Friday he messaged me on twitter and said that I owe him money for the rent he paid in oct and nov because I wasn't working at the time. At the time I was going through it mentally and emotionally because of a late term abortion I had and I just couldn't be bothered with doing anything and I thought he understood that. The first two messages were polite and fine and then hours later he sent me several pics of something he photoshopped saying "You owe me money mothafucka" and I replied telling him that the pictures were unnecessary. I then asked him why he's just now asking for me to pay him back and he kept deflecting and from Friday to just yesterday, I was met with messages from him belittling me: calling me a bitch, a cunt, a stuck up pos, a leech, saying that I need to get off of my high horse, literally just harrassing me non-stop. What gets even weirder is that I made a couple tweets, before he even sent me messages, about how my ex from years ago and I are going to quarantine together and just the situation on that and he fowarded one of my tweets to me and said that he hopes I have fun with said ex and that he's happy to know that I've moved on to someone with such "high aspirations". I asked him why he was looking at my social media and all he said was that it's for "research". He's also saying that he won't respect me, have a proper conversation, and won't believe I cared for him UNTIL I pay him. I tried telling him that throughout the relationship I obviously loved and cared for him a lot and that I'm honestly worried about his mental health and told him that I really think he needs to seek help but he proceeded to get angry at me and say that I only liked him on meds because he was docile and I could take advantage of him (which is just ??). What the fuck is going on? Am I wrong for not wanting to pay him back? What do I do?