Hello everyone! I (25, F) was with my ex (32, M) for only 3 months. I ended up breaking up with him about 2 weeks ago for multiple reasons. We were ALWAYS hanging out with his brother, when we would argue he rarely ever apologized because he never thinks he’s wrong, spending time just the two of us was like pulling teeth, then his brother (35 M who he lives with, they’re roommates) was absolutely petrified of him seeing me until the coronavirus is gone so he refused to see me at all until this is all over with. Not to mention that when we first met in December I had JUST gotten out of a year + relationship. I told him I didn’t want anything serious because I needed time to myself. A couple weeks later we ended up getting very drunk together on my brothers birthday and he asked me to be his gf later that night. I said yes. The next morning I woke up thinking “what the hell did I just do” but I said to myself okay just go with it and see what happens, who knows maybe this could end up being great. Turns out we argued most of our short relationship and just didn’t see eye to eye on much. SO I called it off. I explained to him that we really rushed into things after only knowing each other for a short period of time, and also that I needed time to focus and work on myself, plus being in a relationship where you’re constantly arguing and can’t even see each other for X amount of months isn’t good for either of us. I told him we could be friends (because he is a nice guy-just maybe not a good match with me). I have heard from him every single day multiple times a day since and he’s still talking to me like I’m his girlfriend. I explained probably 15 times we can be friends and thats it. Every day he tells me he isn’t losing hope and that what we had was real. He asked me for my address yesterday because he wanted to send me something (he knows where I live, I guess just not my house number). I told him that it was unnecessary and I’m just trying to be friends so sending me a surprise is a nice thought but I didn’t need anything so I didn’t give him the number. Then I get a flower delivery today. I am not a mean person, and I know that sending flowers is a nice gesture. But it is very unnecessary since I have told him every single day since the break up that if he can’t respect my decision on this then we can’t talk anymore. He isn’t respecting it at all. As I said before he is a great guy but all of this is suffocating and almost becoming alarming to me. We have known each other for a total of 4 months and dated for 3 of them. Every day he tells me “what we had was real idc what you say I am not giving up on you”. It’s too much waaay too soon. The only reason I haven’t blocked him is because I genuinely think he will go into a deep depression or lose it. What would you do?