My boyfriend and I are both 15. We’ve been together on and off since October last year. Over time I’ve noticed him become more and more manipulative/abusive. I’ve come to this sub many times to seek answers or ways to save the relationship. He’s told me he gets aggressive with me because he’s scared of losing me. A while ago he broke up with me (again) but begged me to get back with him after a few days of no contact. Of course i still loved him and got back with him, but I wanted him to stray away from his abusive tendencies. He often used me as an emotional punching bag when he was mad, insulted me, and punished me for things I didn’t do/whenever something was an inconvenience to him. For example, when I was away in America, he broke up with me because I told him I would be coming home a day later than what he expected. I can’t say I don’t love him, but I just wish it was easier to BE IN LOVE with him. I’m so tired of all of the hoops I have to jump through to make him happy. I know that relationships are all about sacrifice, but I sacrificed too much of myself when I didn’t get anything in return. Anyways, today he was right back to his manipulative self. The night prior, my parents found out we were dating again. They know it’s not the healthiest relationship, so they told me we could only hang out 4/7 days of the week (originally, we would hang out every day). I felt a little bad, but I was happy I could spend some time alone or with friends. I didn’t want to keep the schedule from him, so I told him last night. He flipped at me and my family for being so disrespectful and selfish. Even when I told him I had no say in the choice my parents made, he told me that he turned down an opportunity to go to a better school in a huge school but dropped it to stay with me, and that I was selfish for not returning a favour of such importance. I thanked him for his decision, but told him that I was trying my absolute best to get more time with him. He stopped answering my texts and told me it didn’t matter. Today, he was hostile and ignored me most of the day. He doesn’t even want to hang out with me when I offered to on Friday. I wouldn’t be making such a big deal about this situation if he didn’t promise me he would change. He promised me he wouldn’t let the anger get the best of him anymore. Yet it happened again, and it always happens again. I’m losing hope that he’s even capable of changing, or he’s too dense to see that what he’s doing hurts me. I’ve changed my appearance, work habits, sleep schedule, friend group, everything for him. I don’t know what else to change to make him happy. I don’t want to ruin my relationship with my family. What can I even do anymore?