Why do I think my dad is having an affair? My parents marriage is loveless, they fight over every little thing, try to make the kids take sides, and just generally dont align. They honestly should get a divorce and I hope they do it before I go to college because 3 more years of this bullshit will crush my soul. Right now my parents won't talk to each other at all in quarantine. My dad randomly leaves during the day, and whenever I ask him where he's going, his answer seems to be flimsy. I should preface this with saying I have suspected my dad of having an affair for a while, and honestly it could be just me being paranoid but considering my dad seems to be out of the house for a lot of the day and I dont see him much despite him living in the same house, it could be possible. Often he comes home very drunk at 2 am or something and goes to bed. Or he comes back at 11 or 12ish sort of drunk, but he isn't like abusive or anything. Today I asked him where he was going and he said to see some friends, and when I said he shouldn't do that for obvious reasons, he told me not to worry and that he was only visiting 1 friend and then started deflecting and saying that the city (that we live next to) was very dangerous and he went there with a face mask. I think its strange he would go to see a friend when I've seem him facetime all his friends and play poker a couple days ago. Also, a few days ago again he was going somewhere, so I asked him where he was going, and he said to meet his business partner but when I suggested he should just use zoom or facetime, my dad said not to worry because his business partner is a doctor, even though I know for a fact my dad could have just facetimed him. My dad should be working from home if even at all right now because really he's not getting paid and the nature of his job means that because of coronavirus he doesn't really have much to do. Overall I know its a massive stretch and dumb for me to assume my dad is having an affair, and at the best he's just being dumb and I can just tell him that he shouldn't be doing it, but I have a suspicion and slight fear that he may be having an affair.