Basically we started dating 4 years ago, he was my first relationship, we never had ang serious discussions or arguments ever but when we first got together we were driving and we were talking about how it would be weird for us to hang out with the opposite sex alone, and named a very limited number of oposite sex friends we would probably be alone with. It was a super casual conversation and we both agreed obviously context matters and its not a set in stone thing or anything, but he didnt have female friends anyway so it was never something that came up. I will admit, for a while i though it would be inapropriate for a taken man to hang out alone with a woman, until i realized it was a controlling way to think, and that i should trust him enough to know he would stop if he developed feeling and it opened my eyes a bit, i dont really even know where i got the notion that its disrespectful? about a year ago, i told him he is totally free to hang out with women if he wanted and i know we had that casual conversation a while ago but its totally okay with me, his response was, "Lol i dont care at all, I wouldnt hang out with a woman alone that would be wierd when im with you there is no reason and its unnessesary, i dont need/want any female friends" He has friends like women at work but they are more our friends since i used to work there as well, and he has women from highschool as contacts and on social media but nobody he actually would hang out alone with. He doesn't care who i hang out with either. Just for himself he doesnt feel the need to have close female friends, he has always had the same close knit group of male friends since middle school and everyone else doesnt matter to him. One of his old female friends was drunk and mentioned they should hang out and he told me when he got home and i asked if he was gonna, and he said "fuck no!!". i think most of his female friends in highschool he just had crushes on lile alot of guys that age. We both have no issues with giving rides or hanging out after work for a bit longer and talking, its not like we cant be alone with the opposite gender, just neither of us really go out of the way to be alone like dinner and stuff like that ya know? besides my best friend is a male but gay but i am very close with him and hang out alone often. its all just context i guess. i was talking with some coworkers and they all looked at me like i killed someone because i said i wouldnt really go out alone with a guy by myself, and my boyfriend is the same.