I’m not completely sure if this goes here or who else to talk to a bunch of strangers that might understand! So this girl and I was dating for over a 7 months She found out she was pregnant 3/4 through senior year. We decided to keep the baby and get married. We moved in together we got an apartment. Things were amazing I couldn’t ask for better. Like all the other story’s go things started to change between us I don’t know if it was me or her that changed but something did. I was the only one working which I didn’t mind that cause she was carrying my child that a job of its own. We was always struggling to pay the bills. I think you could say we was living we was surviving living paycheck to paycheck paying the bills when we could. On top of it she never wanted to cook she only wanted to eat out. She said she had a craving for it but I made sure was eating when I would eat but once day or once every other day just to make sure she could so our daughter could. Her parent was always helping us when they could. Fast forward a months i come to fine out she cheated on me with one of old friends from high school but we was married I wasn’t going to give up that easy so I forgive her moved on with my life. Thing wasn’t the same yeah I forgave her but I never forgot it was always playing in the back of my head like a broken record. Fast forward our daughter is one month old. Our beautiful little girl, I’m going to lie my wife did most of it as I was still the only one working 50-60 hrs a week to provide for them cause it’s even more important now. I came up we was always fight about the little things she wouldn’t touch me, our sex life was over, when we watch tv we sit opposite side as if we didn’t know each as she was in her phone I was doing stuff for work. We were so apart I felt in my heart we didn’t know each other anymore. The more I tried to work and get close to someone I promise forever the the further I pushed she away. I came home the next and the door was locked that wasn’t normal I go inside and she was having sex with the same guy I didn’t do anything but just left. I moved over 40 mins away with one of my friends to try. Not going to lie it really fucked me up. I went into a deep deep depression and start over the counter drugs such as cough medicine and allergy medicine. It didn’t help the depression but it help the pain from everything. About months later I get a random message from my wife while I was at work and she sent me a paragraph of how much of disappointment I am going to be to my daughter and how much of a mistake I was to her and everyone on earth. That I tired to kill my self because I didn’t have anyone in my corner my family hasn’t talked to me since my wife was pregnant my friend has new friends and was never home. So that night I took 2 full bottles allergy medicine but I lived (sadly) three days had past I didn’t remember anything when I woke i was naked in my living room floor. Fast forward too today I haven’t don’t any drugs for awhile and we are getting separated and I think I have seen my daughter 4 times since I left. She turns 1 tomorrow she was 3 months old. My ex wife hate me and sees me as a monster and she stops me from seeing my kid. I don’t have any money she took me for child support I had to drop out of college cause she took me for everything I had. I haven’t stopped struggle since the day I graduated! What do I do? I wanna see my kid! I want her to know her father, but she won’t get the chance of right now