We've been together for 8 months now and I love him to death, everything else apart from the sex is literally perfect and I don't want us to break up. It's just been really difficult to put up with the sex stuff. We can't see each other in person now because of the lockdown so our relationship has become online only and he's been asking more from me to make up for it. I don't know how much longer I can cope with it. At first it wasn't too bad, we would just do a session about one a week and there wouldn't really be much pain. Sometimes I even enjoyed the painful stuff in a way because I love pleasing him and doing things to make him happy. It felt like we had managed to compromise so both of us could get something out of it. But then he started to get more sadistic and wanted to do sessions more often. We both have significantly more free time because of the lockdown and he just wants more from me and he knows I can give it to him. I can't say I need to do homework or tell him that I'm tired from school since I just sit at home all day not doing much. So I can't make excuses anymore and he knows that. I really don't know how to go about making things better, every time I bring it up he will get angry and say that I'm being selfish or frigid. It hurts my feelings so I usually avoid saying anything that could set him off. Also he watches a lot of porn and often wants to try things out without really thinking about whether I want to do it or not. He'll always try to pressure me into it. Sometimes we talk it out and come to a compromise. But if I flat out tell him no then he would ghost me for hours and sometimes even days. It makes me feel physically ill when he does that, I have abandonment issues so it's extremely difficult for me to handle being ignored like that and not knowing when he will contact me again, if ever. When I bring this up and try to explain my feelings to him, he will tell me that if I can't handle him then he will dump me and find another girl. So I try very hard to hide my feelings from him. Which works out, we're happy together and he's my best friend. Like literally everything apart from the sex is amazing. If it wasn't for the bdsm stuff then the relationship would be perfect. But I can't have a relationship with him if I don't want to put up with his fetishes. What can I do?