I want to say I am in no way trying to make my boyfriend seem like a villain he is an amazing guy. We’ve been in a rough patch now on an off for about 3/5 years. Last year he struggled with us learning he was a bing drinker and him getting sober and it took a big toll on our relationship. I almost called it off. But we over came it. We have 2 beautiful dogs we have gotten together and have had for about 2 years now and we love them soo much and they love eachother. But I feel like from the events leading up to the binge issue he hasn’t been emotionally available. It’s like he could care less if I’m here. He claims it’s not true and he loves me but he just blows off how I’m feeling and says “shut up you know we love each other and can’t live without eachother” but I feel like that’s exactly what we are doing. I’m a very affectionate person and he used to be but now he’s not. He’s working his ass off 5-6 days a week 12 hour days and I know he’s tired but when he comes home he wants to be alone goes to bed and repeat. He will do things if our friends want to hangout but that’s it. Seeing him laugh and have fun with other people and then the second it’s just the two of us he’s annoyed and doesn’t wanna do anything or be next to me or talk. It’s super upsetting. I’ve tried to tell him how I feel and I’ve tried to leave multiple times but I can’t because I love him so much and we live together so it’s more complicated that he just doesn’t take me serious anymore. I don’t wanna leave I love him but our Lease is almost up and I haven’t renewed because I’m not sure if I can go through with this. I want him to listen to what I’m saying and take it serious but it doesn’t seem to be the case probably because how many times I’ve threatened to leave. Can’t split up our 2 dogs and one can’t live without me and the other one has been more his lately but she’s overall both but it’s not fair for me to take them away from him and it’s not fair to split them up. In the chance I leave idk what to do but I also don’t know what to do about leaving or not.