My current boyfriend and I have been friends for a couple months prior to our relationship (6 to be exact) and all seemed well. (I'm 16 and he is 18) I knew we both had our own personal problems, as well as mental illnesses that I made sure to communicate with him about in order to set boundaries and when to give space. He has schizophrenia, and I have depression (he does not have paranoid schizophrenia, and does not pose as a danger to himself or others, and is oftentimes very sound of mind. His form of schizophrenia is where he dissociates from reality if pushed enough by trauma or severe stress and he essentially cant distinguish his thoughts from reality and will just sit there inert.) Now, not to sound full of it, but he began asking me out 2 days after we met. After 6 months of him asking me out almost weekly/monthly and denying him, I gave in. He had never made me truly uncomfortable, it seemed he had just become attached to me after a traumatic experience (his bestfriend died a couple months before) and I was the only thing making him happy. Things started off okay, nothing amazing yet nothing awful. I was content. Now, like I said earlier, I had made certain points very clear before we started dating, such as the fact that I have severe clinical depression, and I tend to close off due to it at times. I have never attempted suicide, visit a therapist regularly, and have many coping skills to deal with it. I am very well aware of my body and how to best cope. Now, along with that I am already an inherently independent person, and I'm not usually one to be clingy/jealous. I trust in others, specifically my partner, and don't typically tend to "miss" people a lot. This is not to say that I am incapable of affection, as I hug, kiss, and interact just fine. I am just not over-the-top or insecure about such things. However, this is where my boyfriend and I differ EXTREMELY. He is very needy, which he had NOT told me before (in fact, he specified that he was unlike such and that he would be perfectly fine if I just wanted to stay in every now and then or didnt want to be intimate). He has become overwhelming clingy, almost as if he has adult separation anxiety, and is always texting me to know what I'm doing, how I'm feeling, when I'll see him next, etc. At first I was slightly flattered, because no one has ever been as "head over heels" for me nor as caring as he has. Now though, I feel as though he's consuming me. About a month ago, my depression flared up and I have quite struggled with it unlike I have before. There have been many traumatic incidents in my life over this past year, such as my sister attempting suicide on multiple counts, abusing drugs, and cps has initiated multiple investigations in my life (which are now closed), along with my dog dying in august from brain cancer. This has all just now hit me as life has returned almost "back to normal" and my depression has incapacitated me to an extent I've never experienced before. I informed my boyfriend of this, and he seemed to take it well and started he would be there for me, it was valid that I felt such way, and that he would give me space. However, he has only gotten worse, constantly asks to call me when he knows I'll be just heading to bed, texts me throughout the day and all throughout class, and bombards me at work. We both work together, which I realize now was an awful decision. He always hovers over me at work and constantly tries to be loveydovey, which I personally am already not comfortable with in public because I am a private person, but more specifically so at work. I've requested numerous times for him to lay off  and that we can do so when we're together on our own time, but like I've said, he only got worse. Along with that, he struggles with maturity due to many personal problems and his schizophrenia, and often acts up at work and swears at multiple people. He has never hit me out of anger, but he has sworn and yelled at me if I try to calm him down or tell him to just ignore what is bothering him. It's not that I'm trying to make light of his problems, but he truly does get extremely frustrated over something very trivial, such as a customer sending a burger back because it was cold. I avoid work gatherings because I dont want him to act up while we're with our coworkers, I try not to see him at all, I dread working with him because I know that means I'll have to see him... I attempt to check my own thoughts, and I feel awful thinking things like "I'm embarrassed of my boyfriend because he acts like a toddler" or "I can't stand to put up with him attempting to fight our coworker right now". Whenever I simply am not having a good day because people do, in fact, have off days, he'll constantly question me and ask "what's the problem" when there is no problem. He'll ask so much that there eventually will be a problem, which is related to him as I become impatient and irritated with him constantly berating me. This behavior has become less and less likely for me to tolerate, as I'm trying to break him of it (with his knowing and consent of course, as he often regrets his outbursts, but is extremely impulsive and emotional) Now, about two weeks ago, I asked him to sit down so we could talk, and I expressed my feelings of being overwhelmed and smothered, and that I feel as though he has certain emotional needs that I can't meet. I told him we should break up, but he's begged me to give him another chance and that he'll "actually give me space this time". I really do enjoy his company and he has definitely made me feel better with my own image, but it's like I'm becoming another person. My depression already changes my usual routine, but his pressing makes me angrier and less interested in both him and our relationship. He randomly stops by my house now to give me things and say "I love you" yet still feels like he's respectful of my space. I don't think I can take it anymore, but I also really enjoyed what we had. Should I break up with him and finally call a quits or should I tough it out longer and see if it's just my depression that is making me lose my patience with him?