It all started about 2 weeks ago. I started feeling depressed a couple weeks before and started spending less time with her/talking with her because I had no energy to really do anything. She thought I didn’t love her as much and posted something on her story. (I just posted about this so if anybody sees this is the rest lol). Basically she posted how she hopes her husband is like a celebrity, who’s the complete opposite of me. So I got mad because this was out of the blue. We were still fine and everything. Then she told me she didn’t feel loved. I told her again I was depressed. We made up, and everything was fine. A couple days later we took a break. She didn’t want to be with me anymore because I was “a bummy bf”. I was upset because I felt it was selfish, but I kinda understood. We were still close friends and talked a lot on the phone and such. We were pretty much dating just without the label, or so I thought. The first day she posts another celebrity on her story and said “who wants to gush over him”. This one didn’t really bother me but it’s like throwing salt in the wound. The next day, she posted another story saying “can you send me a picture of you in a muscle shirt and chain” when she knows I don’t wear those. She tried to play it off as a joke, which it very well could’ve been but I just felt like if we’re taking a break but still close it’s out of pocket. It’s like me asking “can you send a picture of you in a sports bra”. I was very upset about this. Instead of apologizing or anything she didn’t even care. She said “well just talk to your therapist”. This made me more mad and disgusted with her. I told her something like she’s a gross person and I think she realized I was done. She started saying she just wants time to herself. It’s hard to believe when she’s the one who also calls me or texts me and everything. It’s not just me contacting her. We got back together after that but idk if I want to be with her. After that day I’m not really attracted to her anymore. I still love her but I don’t feel that feeling I feel when I saw her. I’m still happy around her but not like a girlfriend happy. Like i used to be excited to see her, now I really don’t care to. But I still love her and can’t see myself leaving her. I think about trying other women but feel bad leaving her. I feel bad even writing this. I just feel trapped idk. I thought maybe it was my depression but I still feel this way and have been feeling a lot better mentally. I don’t know what to do.