I am 22 years old and my girlfriend is 20, and we’ve been together for almost 4 years now with a few breakups here and there, but our relationship is definitely stable. A few weeks back i was drinking with a few buddies of mine from college and she agreed to pick me up later in the night when we were finished. On the ride home we were just talking about us and she said she’s been upset for awhile because we don’t spend as much time together as usual. A week before this is was practically moved into her house and we spent everyday together and it got to the point where she wouldn’t want to do anything at all, she’d be up until 4 or 5 a.m. and would sleep until 2 or 3 in the afternoon. It was common for her to sleep 10-12 hours every night and would usually wake up in the late afternoon. She would get so aggravated with the dumbest stuff and would usually yell at me or her roommate (whichever was closest to her at the time). It got to the point where I moved back into my old apartment. Anyways on the ride home I got a little aggravated with her for saying that considering we practically lived together for a month up until now. She responds with “you never care anymore about anything” although I spend every waking second I can with her because she usually gets very upset if I don’t. She has an extremely short temper and would argue about everything. She usually flips arguments back on me and when I claim Im upset about something she just ignores it and thinks of something else to talk about. But when I got aggravated she just flipped out and stopped the car in the middle of the road. Kicked me in the head multiple times and left me with a bloody nose, she then got out of the car and opened my door (passenger side) and hit me more in the head. I had my hands up around my head and she drug me out of the car and started chasing me, so I jumped a fence and ran behind a building. A few minutes later she called me being apologetic and said to just come back to the car and she’d take me home. And that’s what happened, we didn’t say a word the rest of the night. But lately she has not cared at all, picks arguments everyday and is always upset at something I did or didn’t do almost every hour of everyday. I’m not sure if we should see a counselor or if I should end the relationship. I care and love this girl very much and I would be devastated if I did that, but at the same time I need to look out for myself. I am not expert in a situation like this and nothing like this has ever happened to me before. We talked the next day and she apologized multiple time and said she never should have done that. But i am still with her and she has been the absolute rudest person i have ever met in my life and does not move from bed and would call me while I’m at work yelling at me to get back to my apartment and that I can’t leave (she’s showed up at my work multiple times to see if I was lying to her or not, that’s what she said herself). I’m just not sure what to do anymore and I do not want my heart to hurt anymore. My friends and family do not believe that she did that and I just needed to get it off of my chest. Any advice is greatly appreciated.