My SO was single for a long time and had several bad relationships. I had a 13 year marriage that ended when she found someone else.
Early in the relationship I had issues with her ex and ex-fwbs still texting her inappropriate things. She had an issue telling them to stop and wanted to remain friends. We talked and she shifted to talking to new people. She was naive about some of these guys, and I usually correctly called that they were only after her physically. After a few talks and a mistake (she was pressured and in a weak point [due to manic episodes and sleeplessness] she sent old nudes to a guy) after that fight I ultimately forgave her, and she stopped talking to guys. She opened up and let me see what was going on so I could point out the guys that weren’t there for friendships. This eventually fizzled and she stopped talking to people (even the good ones) for a while. 
To be clear: I had/have no issue with a respectful friendship. I do have an issue with guys looking for a piece of meat. But she still resents that I have meddled at all. 
Well due to medical reasons on her part, we have not been intimate recently, which I understand somewhat... but all physical intimacy has stopped and that hurts. 
Yesterday she told me she stopped by one of her old chatting friends (he has a thing for her and I do not like him... he completely ignores me when she and I are together) to loan him money. He recently had stomach surgery and lost a lot of weight. I had no idea she had even gone or loaned him money.  She told me about it after the fact and how good he looked and how he was doing. I listened but did not respond like I wanted to. I was a bit upset since I have told her he obviously has a thing for her and she went to his house early in the morning 7-8ish and loaned him money. A part of me is still worried about it, but part of me knows it’s nothing.
Some factors to consider: she has been sexually assaulted in the past. I am disabled and getting worse. This guy seems to be improving himself drastically. She and I have not been intimate lately. These things combined cause me some worry.
Thoughts?