So basically, whenever my girlfriend and I would argue about something, I would be mean about it. I wouldn’t hurt her physically; I wouldn’t call her names. I would just not be as nice and cooperative as I could be. Like I would argue to win instead of arguing to reach an agreement. Now she was able to look past this multiple time, but at the end of it she would tell me that I’m mean, and I would apologize and promise to be better and nothing ever changed. Not that I didn’t love her and want to change, it’s just that I wasn’t ready to put in the work and look at myself and recognize my flaws and show that I want to grow from them. I just relied on myself to be better next time instead of actually trying. So it wasn’t that I didn’t want to be better for her it was that I didn’t know how. And then we argued one more time a little over two weeks ago, and I didn’t try and fix anything I was just mad to be mad. Then she got mad at me but this time she said she was done and that really served as a wake-up call, but it was too late. I started investigating myself. I reread over most of the arguments, I reached out to relationship hotlines trying to figure out why I am the way I am, I took notes of what I did wrong and what I would do in the future, and now I’m here. But all of this seems like it’s too late, she now wants nothing to do with me. The girl that gave me nothing, but love wants nothing to do with me and it’s all my fault. I don’t know what to do anymore, I have told her all of this but she still doesn’t think I’ll be any better, I love this girl with all my heart it hurts so much to know that she doesn’t want me anymore, but the fact that it’s my fault makes me want to hurt myself, I can’t believe I did this to the person I love. All I can think about now is how much I hate myself and how much I want to hurt myself, I don't even want to be alive anymore. I just want to know how I can win her back, how I can get her to forgive me, how I can show her that I want to change. Please, thank you.