Me(32 F) him (35).. i joined reddit/relationship to help me with my relationship. I've posted a few times to help me be a better girlfriend or a better partner to him. I've been with my partner for about 8 months now. In those 8 months we ended up buying a house together after being together for 5 months, and it took 3 months of that 5 months for everything to go through. That's beside the point. I've given everything of my being to try and make this relationship work. I was transparent in the beginning of what I wanted out of a relationship to him. Since my family does not live here and it is just my daughter and I, I was looking for a man with kids. I love families and he Is close to his. I love the outdoors, love live music and I enjoy movies etc. Extremely long story short. We do not hangout outside the house, he doesn't even leave the bedroom, he plays his video games 5 hours a day after work ( not a big issue but if I want to see him or talk with him I have to go to him), he does not like going outdoors ( even though he told me he loved to hike), he doesn't like bars so live music is out. And he doesn't like crowds anymore ( even though he told me he use to go to many concerts) he does not take me around his family even though he did introduce me to them but he visits every weekend and does not invite me to come along with him and his son. He is very selfish financially. I've invested so much into this relationship it is not even funny and he is quick to spend all his money on just things for him ( it's whatever, it just bugs me because he owes me a lot of money) he is not an affectionate guy. Like for real I feel like I'm describing a man child. But I did get into this relationship. I told him it was over today but I feel like he is not taking it seriously. We live in the same damn house where everything belongs to me except his TV and game console. I can't even kick him put my bed because he'll just refuse. I need to sell this house that we just bought together in feb.... it has not felt like a home since I've moved in only a Prison.