I recently just hung out with a girl I met at college just a couple days ago. We'd been talking through snap up until then and eventually decided to smoke together. I have very little experience smoking in comparison to her who'd been smoking since around 14 or 15, so I was nervous if I could keep up. Well those nerves combined with insecurities that a very recent ex gave me made me have somewhat of a bad high. I feel like I covered it up well, but I still ended up needing a friend to pick me up that night and I kept apologizing for the whole night and everything I did (I know it's a cringe fest). She told me not to worry or keep apologizing and that "we would work on that." We ended the night with a hug that caught my stoned and stupid ass off guard, so I'm pretty sure I fucked it up and had to readjust in the middle. She went for the front hug and I went for the side (I can't handle myself lol). After parting, she texted me in a somewhat joking manner since I had given her my number that night. The past few days I've been dwelling on what happened and it just makes me so miserable and I feel like I'm incapable of interacting with people. She seems cool with me, but I can't bring myself to respond to her because I just inwardly cringe everytime with remembering the night. She also admitted to being a bad texter which may explain the short responses and time lapses not to mention people have lives and I get that, but I can't help but feel maybe there's a reason for it. I haven't talked to her since that night. Today she posted some stuff about people being only interested in sex and just dipping on her and I can't help but feel bad since I just pretty much ghosted her. But, the insecure part of me feels like that was what she would have wanted and she just kept talking to me out of pity so no big deal. I want to reach out about hanging out with her and some other people I know tomorrow because I really do like her and think she's cool. I just don't want to feel like the weird idiot who's trying to hard and can't take a hint and end up bothering her. Sorry I'm an insecure dipshit and this is hella long. Would it be wrong to reach out today about hanging out? Does it seem like she actually wants to keep talking or am I just too hopeful?