I made an account just now to post in this forum and get some advice. I (25F) am feeling really upset because my boyfriend (32M) and I just got into a huge fight that ended with him telling me that I'm BORING. It's not the first time he has said this to me, which is why I'm spiraling right now. He says it every so often, when I feel like he is actively trying hurt me. I truly cannot tell if I am actually boring or not, and I don't think I can get an unbiased answer from anyone I know. I have never felt insecure about being interesting until I entered this relationship. I don't find him particularly interesting... I don't know if I'm saying that because I'm feeling resentful though. Basically I have two working theories, either I have reached an age where I have become complacent and stopped growing, or he is projecting internalized feelings of inadequacy. Maybe he has a fear of being perceived as "boring" which is why he says it to me. When we met I was 20 and I was partying a lot and doing a lot of drugs and had a really active social life. I'm an extrovert and have always had a pretty decent social life and a lot of hobbies, which is why I have never really thought I was boring before. Since then I have stopped partying become more domestic and overall more emotionally healthy, but I wonder if this has made me less adventurous and spontaneous aka boring. My boyfriend is a workaholic but very creative, he plays a lot of video games and is working on his own video game right now. I should mention that he's an introvert but get most of his socializing done online through video games, he virtually games with his friends almost every night. He has a rich online life, but I wouldn't consider him a very spontaneous or impulsive person, he's very hard working and realistic. That's always something I've liked about him. I don't even know if any of this information matters because no one will ever really be able to tell me if I'm interesting or not because they don't know me. But has anyone else experienced this, is this a red flag? a sign that I need to do something to spice up my relationship? a sign that maybe I'm not in the right relationship? is the fact that I am feeling so wounded right now, a sign that I am insecure about being interesting, therefore proving that I'm actually boring?