My(28) bf(27) and his ex(23?),  they got 2 kids 3yo & 10months, they're not married and they are seperated  for almost a year before me and my bf become lovers. He's my cowoker and we've been together for 7months. I am living in his house. His ex was fully aware 'bout us coz they're friends for the sake of their kids. Yesterday his ex called and it's normal because they talk everyday at messenger because of their kids. And also its ECQ my bf can't visit his kids at ex's house.. At first my bf and his daughter were talkin' after that his ex spouted something like "hey you have your gf there?, I wanna introduce you to my friend she's single, just kiddin" My bf's face was awkward after that his ex was flirting at him like saying "I want you back". I can hear her actually because my bf did not used earphones. I was scrolling on my fb like I didn't hear anything (deep inside i feel so damn hurt). My bf keeps telling her that she's crazy and he wanna hang up the phone. But she treathened him that if he wanna hang up the call she'll go here in his house( I think it's impossible because of curfew ). After that she keeps on calling but my bf don't wanna answer her calls. So she pm'd me(using his bro account) at messenger she told me that I'll break up with my bf because she want it back. I didn't reply 'coz my bf told me so. But she keeps on chatting, still ignoring her. After that she pm'd my bf's sister, friends etc. telling that it's emergency because she can't contact my bf lol. And she also asked some to stalk my fb account. We know because most of them told my bf, they say that she was crazy or maybe she's just drunk? I dunno. I also had a glance at their convo in fb she's telling him that she wants him back because they got 2 kids. But my bf keeps on choosing me, and he doesn't want her anymore. Anyways the reason why she left my bf before because she said that he is useless, he has no work that time-- that's what my bf told me. He knows I'm down because he comforts me and telling me to ignore her. But I still can't take the pain in my chest. I sometimes think that maybe I'm just hindrance between them?? After all I have no match to her because they got kids. I'm scared that she might go here later, I'm scared of confrontations what if my bf will choose her? I dunno. I need advice. I can't stop thinking 'bout it after what she said. Or should i not think about it? I'm trying! Hope she's just drunk :'(