Hi reddit. I (18F) am in my senior year of high school and have received a full academic scholarship to a really good college. So over the years a lot of people have called me autistic, and I blew it off because I know I’m a little off. Recently before quarantine, I was scrolling through Instagram when I seen a post asking me to answer these 40 questions. I answered them all in my head (they were yes or no questions) and at the end it said that if you answered yes to 25 or more of the questions, you mostly likely have autism. I brought this to the attention of best friend who revealed to me that most of her family believe that I’m autistic and her mom even wanted to get me tested but didn’t want to overstep her boundaries as she isn’t my parent. I researched (hours of research) autism in girls before I brought it up to my parents, after doing my research I also believed that I had autism. So I bring this up to my parents and my dad (56M) revealed that they had me tested for autism twice as child and the psychologists said I didn’t have autism. My mom (56F) was staying quiet during this entire time. I asked for her opinion because I look up to her and I value her opinion. She then revealed that I had been diagnosed with autism when I was 13 and she ignored that diagnosis because she didn’t want to believe it, but my dad wanted a second opinion and I was again diagnosed with autism but she lied and told my dad that I wasn’t. This sparked a huge argument and caused my dad to move into one of his rental apartments. I am the youngest of 6 and my siblings are also outraged and refuse to speak to my mom. I have been staying with my oldest brother (29M) during quarantine. My dad is considering divorce and my mom hasn’t reached out to me. I really don’t know how to feel, my brother says that she ruined my chance at becoming valedictorian (I’m salutatorian) and is saying she neglected me by keeping it a secret. I don’t feel that way, my mom has always been my mentor/ really old best friend. I think she probably had a good reason for keeping it a secret or was scared. My dad has forbid me from having any contact with my mom. I told him he’s being unreasonable but all my other siblings agree with him. As it’s been a little over a month since I last had contact with my mom, I’m ready to move to forward with this, but my siblings and dad aren’t. This is the longest I’ve been separated from my mom and I’m kind of starting to freak out. My mom really understands me and my siblings don’t understand that and believe that we should have absolutely no contact with her until she gives a really good apology and explanation. I don’t want to wait, (she’s stubborn) and I miss my mom. So what can I do to get my dad and siblings to understand? How can my mom and I move past this? I don’t have any ill feeling toward her I just want to know why and to move forward. I just want things to go back to normal. Sorry it’s all over the place I’m really freaking out.