we had a long long talk tonight and i obviously wont be able to put it all into words here but ill try my best to relay as much as i remember. im actually very upset right now so bare with me. he said hes scared hes missing out on other things in life and most of all hes scared we’ll move in together (which is the plan in like a month or so) and he’ll realize it isnt what he wants. our relationship has been rocky for a few good months due to him moving into my VERY dysfunctional grandparents house with me, my sisters and my mom. its not an easy house to live in and i understand that. where we’ll be moving is in a house my mom and her bf are buying. we’ll be in the basement together- a much larger living space than just my small room. i said that us having more space and nobody to really bother us could be really good for us. he said he was scared and didnt know. i said well would you rather say oh yeah i tried moving in with her and it didnt work out, or, i was too scared to make that step so i have no idea how it couldve worked out or if we’d be happy together. he agreed with me that itd be better to try it rather than not. he thinks we clash, and we do sometimes, but i mostly attribute it to his quickness to get overwhelmed and my quickness to get frustrated. i try to be patient with him cause i know its not easy for him right now. hes been jobless and living off savings for over 6 months now and hes about to go flat broke. hes been hanging out with a good friend of his again and it seems whenever he does (its off and on) he suddenly questions whether he wants to be with me. i ask him what is said between them concerning me but he says nothing. im not saying that the guys a bad dude i just wanna know if hes telling my boyfriend to just dump me cause i have a good amount of stress and baggage to carry. i know it isnt for everyone either and not everyone can handle something like that. but weve been together for almost a year and a half. hes the first person i can see myself living the rest of my life with. i dont want to lose him but if he thinks its whats best then ill go along with it. im sure im missing a lot of details and it might not make total sense but again im very upset right now and dont know where to go from here. should i keep pushing for him to hold on till we finally move into a stress free house and see how we work there or should i just give up? i dont want to but im doubting everything now. its just heartbreaking to hear someone say they arent sure they want to be with you. especially on the day before valentines day after you gave them early presents. i think its worth hanging on, not a lot of people have the amount of patience i do and might not see it worth it but hear me out. is this relationship hurting me more than making me happy? i honestly dont know at this point. where do i go from here. ill answer any questions as best as i can and will add more later if i remember. also im on mobile so sorry if this is a mess.