We have been together for 4 years and have rented together for 2 years. Currently we are renting a house owned by my family and the deal has been that we do the needed renovations (materials bought by family member) and pay half of what the monthly rent would be usually. It’s been a hell of a job considering the last tenets trashed the place. It’s a 4bd 3bath house around 50 years in age. Renovations include tile installation, crown, floor and shoe moulding replacement, kitchen completely gutted and redone, drywall installation, etc. My point is that we have put a lot into the house and learned so much together in doing so. Bf graduated with a business degree and has a decent paying and steady job. I am a senior in college currently but still work full time and make decent money as well. When my family decided to sell they reached out to us first before putting it on the market. I have always said I did not want to make any major purchase with any SO unless we are married but if one or the other wants to do so alone and live in like a roommate type situation I wouldn’t have a problem with that. My parents continuously screwed each other with financial aspects. But, the fam has said they want the house to be kept in the family so there would be no sale unless it was in my name either with my bf or alone. We both understand this and know it’s not a personal thing but I wouldn’t be approved for a loan without my bf too. He works in mortgage loans so we know how the process works and the details about if we both own and the legal things behind this so that’s not an issue. When we talked about it after sitting on the idea for a few days I brought up how not being married and making a purchase like this was something I’d said I’d never do. I understand buying a home should be a business transaction but what happens if one day I can’t stand to be in the same room with my business partner? I also understand this could still happen to a married couple. We both have talked about marriage many many times and marrying has been in our plans for at least two years but my bf has said he wanted to marry when we both were more stable financially and career wise. Then it occurred to me that legally two people are married after signing legal documents not after a wedding. My biggest point was that I feel that buying a house and sharing financial responsibility is a huge commitment and not unlike marriage so unless we both felt confident and ready to sign legal marriage papers right now we should not be buying a home together right now. My bf respected this and said he honestly would sign those papers tomorrow and the reason he has said he wanted to wait on a wedding and engagement was due to financial reasons since we know neither of our parents would be able to contribute to a wedding and he thought it would be unfair to both of us to put financial stress on our relationship and or not be able to have the day be as special as we both would like. He said he never thought about the fact that marriage is not dependent on having a wedding and he wanting to wait wasn’t due to not feeling ready for such a commitment. I didn’t bring it up as a “if you don’t then I won’t” situation but just as comparative to how big a commitment to owning property is. My feelings about all of it are so mixed and I think this is because I watched all the awful things my mom had to and continues to go through after she was screwed over financially by my dad time and time again. I do feel ready to be legally married but that’s not a condition I placed on our decision.  I don’t feel like my bf is remotely close to my dad especially financially and we are both very conscious and pretty strict with sticking to a budget. It’s also a decision the family has said is in no rush as they wouldn’t move forward with any plans for about a year anyways. So there is time to think and time to save for a down payment. Does anyone have any advice/thoughts on this? As I said before I think my fears might be disproportional in a way but maybe there is some rational thought thrown in as well? Sometimes I feel like my bf the type of man everyone wishes they could find then I wonder if my mom felt the same way in the beginning as well before 20 years passed and the divorce happened. The big difference I see is that in the beginning, according to both my mom and my dad, finances were always a cause of distress.