I’m conflicted.. To start things off I’m 19F, my bf 19M and I live with my parents and we’re expecting. We have a payment plan in place with my parents that covers rent and utilities which we have no problem with, we stay on top of bills and make sure we aren’t told anything. My issue comes into play with my brother 20M, and his ‘girlfriend’18F, because he always told he how much he doesn’t like her and how he’s using her for her money.. I’m not too up my own ass to say my brothers a pretty crappy person.. he’s a horrible boyfriend, to say the least.. the ‘gf’ isn’t much better though..  anyways, she came up pregnant and after the whole “ it’s not mine” bs and some cheating/ ghosting on his end all of a sudden that’s the love of his life and they need to be staying together.. he was telling me about the chick he was with at a hotel for a week a couple days ago. With all the virus going on and the fact that my stepdad is high risk, my parents tell him wherever he is after 5pm is where he needs to sleep if it’s not essential because he was coming and going a lot so he tells ‘gf’ that they kicked him out (mind you he’s been staying here rent free for the past two years)so I’m guessing they stay with her, now since she’s staying with her grand parents I’m guessing they didn’t take too kindly to her sneaking him in and kick them both out.. now they’re here. I can’t help but feel like they’re taking advantage of my mother.. she’s very sweet and supportive to the point where it can be enabling at times.. neither of them have gotten jobs, they’re always fighting with each other around the house.. I guess I don’t like the energy they bought with them and the fact that my bf and I are now just expected to pick up the extra load around the house.. not to mention I feel she’s a bit too friendly with my bf.. like she always wants to be in his face about shit or ask him for help with stuff she shouldn’t need help with and it pisses both my brother and I off.. my bf doesn’t entertain her but she gets under my skin.. I feel bad though because a big part of me feels like the hormones are causing me to overthink and react so I’m keeping it to myself atm because I’m not trying to be out of line in case I’m misunderstanding stuff.. any ideas on coping until I adjust? All of mine are dramatic/spotty