I (24m) have been seeing this girl (25f) for about 3 months now, I live in California, I'm in the military. She lives Michigan, she will be joining the national guard in late May. I am originally from Michigan so that's how we met, she is one of the most loving, caring, girlfriends I've ever had. I visited Michigan around December and met her for the first time.  We instantly clicked and spent a  lot of time together during my visit. At the end of my 2 week stay I asked her to be my girlfriend and she gladly accepted, I went back to California, with intentions to fly her out in March. Fast forward to about 2 weeks ago and exactly that happened. I flew her out to California, and she stayed for 7 days, we basically fell in love  had a great time and grew even closer. We both cried when it was time for her to leave and the end of the week, because she is leaving for boot camp in late May and we knew we weren't going to be able to see each other again till at least December, despite this we still agreed to stay together, she flew back to Michigan. Fast forward to this morning, I had asked her if everything was okay, she seemed a little sad the last few days, she called me and told me she has been feeling so empty and disconnected with herself lately, and that she doesn't like who she is as a person, she's not happy with herself, and confessed that even though I make her happier then any other guy she's ever met, she doesn't feel like she can reciprocate that feeling right now because of her state of mind and that I deserve better. She told me she still cares about me and wants me I'm her life, but she needs more of a friend right now to help her through this, she isn't used to having someone care about her like this and doesn't feel like she deserves it. She is finishing up school, working full time, and preparing to leave for boot camp, so she has a ton on her mind. We both agreed that maybe down the road when she gets out of boot camp and training we could re visit this relationship, but that wouldn't be until about 8 months from now (December) I really like this girl and don't want to give it up, I see a future with her, what do I do? Do I wait? Do I continue to be there for her? Do I let go of it all in fear of hoping for something that's not really there?   Please help.