I’m not sure if I’m posting this in the right sub but I wanted to get some advice on what to do next. Me (20m) and my girlfriend (18f) have been dating for a little over a year and it hasn’t been exactly easy as of recently. She has never cheated on me but I know of 3 other boys who she has had somewhat flirtatious relationships with that have all put a good amount of strain on our relationship. One of them lasted for a few months until we finally had a falling out about it and she came to me after crying and apologized. This obviously put some trust issues in our relationship but there are also other things that have always bothered me for the entirety of our relationship. One of these things is it feels like sometimes she doesn’t want anything to do with me and she promises me that it has nothing to do with me but is an internal issue with her (she has some anxiety and personal issues). She also does some small little things like she would never post a single picture that had me in it and it felt as if she wanted to keep our relationship a secret online and I always thought it was because she wanted to be able to flirt with other guys and if they knew she had a boyfriend they probably wouldn’t talk to her. I have brought all these things up to her and opened up a countless amount of times and she always assured me that she loves me more than anything and didn’t want a break or anything like that and that our relationship was very important to her. This Valentine’s Day I don’t really know why but I decided I had enough. I explained to her that I felt like how she acted didn’t match what she said and that I think we needed a break because I didn’t feel cared about. She agreed with what I was saying and we both basically cried and said we loved each other and it was the hardest thing I’ve ever done. Now it hasn’t even been a day and I see her at my job, we’re both super friendly with each other, and it just feels like we shouldn’t have split up. Am I missing something or did I make the wrong choice? Should I try talking to her about this? Thanks for any help