Me and my girlfriend have been together for almost 8 months and everything seems to be going well. We met when we were both homeless and addicted to heroin and we stayed in a hotel room with my ex who was at the time my girlfriend. We started talking fell in love and eventually my new girlfriend was arrested and i left my ex to go live with my parents and get sober. Now we have moved to a new city and are trying to live a good sober life together. Last night i was trying to find info about our tax refund so i got on her facebook and went to look through our conversation with our tax guy when i noticed a man that i had previously caught her calling babe and him call her baby was at the top of her chat log right under me. So i decided to go thru the messages and found that she had been sending him provocative photos of herself(shes fully clothed but its still suggestive like little nighties or shirts that show alot of her breast). After going through the messages i see that he had asked several times to come over and asked who she lived with she responded to this by sending the pictures and saying she was waiting for him and that she lived alone. This upset me so i woke her up to talk about it. She then proceeds to inform me that they weren't serious and its a kind of joking they do which was the same excuse she used last time and I've already expressed how uncomfortable this makes me. So i told her i don't care if its a joke i don't want her to do that anymore and if not ill leave and i go in the other room then she yells for me to tell me more. She tells me that really she talks to him because she likes the attention he gives her and how he makes her feel wanted like i used to and that shed never actually do anything with him which i think hurts me more than if she would just fuck him at least that way i know she loved me and just wanted more physically but she's trying to have an emotional connection with this man behind my back. Should i give her another chance? Or should i break it off? Ill admit i may not be as present or attentive as i should be but i don't feel that's cause to seek the attention elsewhere without at least talking about it? She says she feels that i don't find her attractive which i believe stems from a past abusive relationship she had that made her incredibly insecure . But she says he makes her feel pretty and wanted.What can i do to show her that i thinks she's beautiful and amazing and that i do want to be with her both mentally and physically? Any advice is much appreciated