I am a straight female freshman in college (I live on campus normally when there is not a virus) and my second day at the college I met an amazing group of friends two of which are guys (roommates) and one girl. We all got along right away and started to do things together like get food, go to parties etc. One of the guys and the other girl hooked up and quickly got into a relationship which they are still in to this day. The other guy was hooking up with a senior but she was whack and clingy so he lost interest. Unexpectedly, this guy took interest to me one night in the beginning of second semester after he learned that I was no longer seeing the guy I had been seeing all first semester. We hooked up that night and there was insane chemistry between us that didn't fade and we kept "seeing" each other after that night. One day he asked me to keep things casual between us and said that I am all over him when I drink. He said this was because he didn't want the girl he was hooking up with previously to be hurt as she was at all of the parties we were at. Not going to lie though, I took this personally and saw this as his way of saying he didn't want anything serious. I backed off but we continued to have insane chemistry in the bedroom and he seemed very happy with how things were (I was too). We joke around and laugh alot when we are together and we throw joke insults at each other but sometimes it feels like he means it when he "insults" me. The problem I have is that I cannot get this guy out of my head but I feel like he is going to lose interest in me and im scared that he was only using me for sex. We have been texting on and off during quarantine but he never seems that excited to talk to me. Ive never been in a actual relationship but I feel like this guy and I would be amazing together but I know im just going to be hurt because if I asked to be exclusive I feel like he would say no. I feel like he is going to go for the freshman girls once we return to campus in the fall and im worried. Should I keep fighting for this guy cause I like him so much or should I move on? Or just go with the flow?