Dear redditors. I'm 16 from Czech Republic and I'm sorry for my english. So last summer break I went with my mom and sister to Turkey. My dad didn't come with us because he had some work business to do. So one day when my mum was texting someone I saw a text message saying: I miss you so much my love and things like that. I was 100% sure that wasn't my father. My parents relationship isn't very stable but my dad loves me and my sister. So I didn't really enjoy my stay in Turkey. I was suspicious all the time. She often left us to call someone. Then as soon as we arrived back home she went to her bedroom and started calling someone. I overheard their conversation. Her voice tone was different. It was much "sweeter" if you understand me. Basically it was different from her voice tone when she speaks to us. I never heard her talking like that. She was saying to this guy how much she miss him and asks him to come over cause my dad ain't home. I was shocked. But I didn't know that things will get much worse. She started arguing with my dad. She wanted to move out and asked him for 1 000 000 Kč which is about 50 000 dollars. He obviously refused. So she told him that they will go to court and things like that. All kids feel like shit when their parents are arguing in the next room. So now my mom sleeps in my parents bedroom and my dad sleeps on our couch in the living room. My grandparents and relatives don't know about this. When relatives come over my dad has to clean his "bedroom" and act like everything is fine. When I bring my friend for sleepover I always feel awkward that we can't go to the living room to watch TV and that we don't see him much. About 2 months ago I found out that my mum is cheating with my Judo coach. I felt backstabbed. My mum is 45 and he is 60. He also has a wife, 2 children and fu*king grandchildren too. My mum also started teaching Judo to children so I sometimes see them grinning and fooling around. He also grabs my mother's butt. Really uncomfortable. I didn't tell anyone. For about 4 months she started making trips to town. She tells us that she is going to see her friends, have a coffe and shit like that. I know where is she going but I have to keep smiling and wish her a  great time. Now when we have quarantine she has to stay home. Which means that she is chatting and calling him all the time. I hear their conversation when I go to the kitchen, to the bathroom, basically almost every time I leave my room. Few minutes ago I heard him asking my mother how she rates the orgasm. I now feel even more like a shit. Maybe this is a bad idea but I wish to say it out loud. Every year on summer break we have like a Judo-summer camp. Both my mother and my coach go there including me and my sister. Im really tired of this. Im going to tell my teacher them that I want to quit doing Judo and that I know about him and my mother. But on the other hand I don't want to hurt my father. He doesn't deserve this. Please help.