We went to high school together, and I always thought he was cute but we didn't actually date until we reconnected online in November 2018. We became bf & gf and used the word "love" our first time hanging out. I know...foolish. Anyway, we broke up in April 2019. It was the worst breakup of my life. He left me the day that he pressured me into having an abortion I never wanted to have. I was devastated. He had also broken up with me like 5 times before that during our only 6 month relationship. Always because of my "past" - drug use, he hated all my friends, ex-bfs, etc. I didn't hear from him again until October 2019, & of course, like a fool, I took him back. But we've honestly been really happy together & doing well...until now. Last Saturday, he texted me that he loved me. We were supposed to hang out the next day. I never heard from him after that text. We didn't have a fight or anything. I also haven't gotten to even hang out in a month. To be fair, he works A LOT. He plows snow & de-ices our city every day. Sometimes for 16 hours a day. I know he's exhausted. But I do not understand why he would just blow me off completely like this. Am I missing something? Is he depressed? I doubt there's someone else. I've never suspected him of cheating. I just don't get it. I called him once on Sunday. He didn't pick up. I texted him asking how he was feeling. Never got a reply. It'll be a week tomorrow. I'm really heartbroken and I honestly have no idea what to do at this point. I haven't tried reaching out again because 1. I don't feel like I should have to & 2. I don't think he would respond well. Just be pissed at me for asking. He's very...touchy. He'd probably just tell me he's tired, I'm being a brat, & to stop being needy or something. He's endured trauma from past relationships & deaths in his family. But so have I, & I don't treat him poorly. Should I reach out again? Should I just give up? It's just so difficult, because I truly love him so much. But IDK. I need advice, please & thank you.