My (25F) sister (32F) absolutely resents me. Growing up, I remember her being extremly cruel to me. She would never talk to me and was just always mean for no reason. I couldn't even wear the same color as her, or she would have a fit. While she never hit me, she was just completely closed off towards me. My parents would make comments like, "It's so strange that two sisters don't speak" "It breaks our hearts that you two don't have a relationship". It was clear that she had no interests in having a relationship with me. I figured this out when I was about 8 years old. Overall, I can recall only two happy memories we have together. When I was in middle school, she took me to see my first pg-13 movie, Mean Girls. We had so much fun that days and laughed and talked. There are other instances of her being nice to me for one day, and then the next we would just go back to being strangers. For example, she did my makeup for junior and senior prom. Fast forward to 2015, she called me and told me that she was pregnant with my niece. I cried tears of joy because I knew that even if my sister and I didn't have a relationship, I would love my little niece with everything in me. When my niece was born, our relationship improved. We would laugh and actually communicate. I helped her with the baby constantly. I would babysit every weekend, wash bottles and her and my niece's clothes, just help as much as I could. She was so grateful. As of 2020, we are right back to the way things used to be. It's always like I'm walking around eggshells around her. We don't speak, and she only communicates with me if she wants me to take my niece somewhere. I don't mind because I love my niece. It's so sad because when I walk in the house, my niece will say "Mommy, say hi to Steffy". My sister said she thinks we can't have a relationship now because I always argue with my mom and she thinks I'm entitled. Yes, my mom and I argue sometimes, but it's because we're so alike. It's nothing malicious, and we laugh and go right back to being bestfriends the next day. I think my sister is just using this as a reason because to justify her disdain towards me. My sister does suffer from arthritis and personal issues, so I believe that could be one of the reasons she does not like me. Growing up, I was the healthy one and she had to deal with having ashtma and arthritis. At this point, will my sister ever learn to love me?