Before you get into the judging about how I'm immature and movie romance doesn't exist etc. first read what I have to say. I've been with my boyfriend for five years and I didn't really notice those things, at the beginning everyone misses some things here and there but as the years passed this part of romance really started missing from my life! I mean god in five years he bought me flowers once after we had a huge fight, never saw flowers again, in five years never celebrated an anniversary, never threw me a surprise party never celebrated a valentine's day and yeah I know many don't but I made it clear to him that I really like those things I really like celebrations and in five freaking years we never had any of those  he never bought me a piece of jewelry a perfume, made me a romantic dinner, a romantic night in the bedroom, a card something personal he always liked "practical" gifts he'd buy me a piece of furniture a blanket or something like that and I don't want to sound ungratful for those things in any way I'd just prefer some of the times if he bought or even made me something personal a card telling me his feelings, a funny drawing and not something for the house! I tried to show him what I like I did to him what I'd like him to do to me I sent him cards on valentines via post, I threw him surprise parties with all of his friends I made him handmade cute presents videos with our photos I got him a frame with my picture and one with his to put on our nightstands but still it's like the message doesn't arrive to him!!!!! Even his mother caught up to it faster than him and one time with the excuse of his sister's boyfriend that spoils her with gifts and cute things she told him "women like those stuff from time to time don't look at your girl that says nothing". I don't want to pass the feeling that he is horrible he is definitely not he loves me and I love him to death but I really miss romance in my life it is a big part of me I am made like that I am very romanticI''l go to the store and find a pen that reminds me something of him and I'll buy it I'll write him little notes and leave them on the bed if he comes home late, so I'll say goodnight to him even if I've already fallen asleep, write him letters and he absolutely loves it why can't he do the same tfor me?! Like am I crazy for wanting those things? Should I leave him? I really love him but when I think that I'll spend the rest of my life with a person that doesn't want to celebrate anything and isn't at all romantic, it just makes me sad!