My boyfriend (21M) and I (21F) have been together for about 3 years. He is a very quirky person and is very awkward when we are with other people outside the two of us. This has caused a lot of embarrassment for me. My family and friends are always poking fun of him to me and I don’t know what to do. They will bring up things from years ago because what he did or said was so strange that it sticks with them for all that time and they still feel the need to bring it up and make fun of him. Bringing him around my extended family is hard for me because of the way he acts. I feel bad, but I am embarrassed. I nicely try to talk to him beforehand and ask him to think about what he says before he starts to speak. I don’t want to be mean to him but it’s hard to watch him interact with others because it’s so cringey and awkward. He also constantly talks nonstop which is part of the issue. He has an answer to everything and knows facts on anything that anybody talks about and he feels the need to join any conversation and show what he knows. Family members have literally told me they have gotten a headache because he doesn’t know when to stop talking and that leaves me with an awful feeling. I have tried to talk to him about thinking before he speaks, but he gets so awkward with people and cannot stop talking and blurts out whatever is on his mind and I know that people think it’s strange. I feel that I have to constantly be aware of his interactions and when he says something weird or I can tell that the other person is not interested and wants to get out of the conversation, I try to nudge him a little bit, and he’s like “why are you doing that?” He doesn’t understand. He is genuinely a nice person and cares about me a lot. I’m just embarrassed of the things he does and the way he speaks when we are around others. Especially since my friends and family always bring up the weird things he does to me when he’s not around. My own sibling makes fun of him too. I don’t even know how to defend him because I truly am embarrassed about it. Sometimes I wish he would just sit there and say nothing. It’s hard for me to look past it because it’s at the point where I don’t want to bring him to things because he acts so weird with people. I know it sounds bad but I do a lot of things without him because I just can’t face the way he is with people. It’s truly hard to watch. I know that if I love him I shouldn’t care what other people think, but I can’t help but feel embarrassed. In the beginning of our relationship I think I was just so star struck that I didn’t see anything wrong, but my feelings over the years have definitely changed. I don’t want to be embarrassed of him to the point where I don’t bring him around anybody anymore.