we met through a mutual friend almost 2 years ago and have been dating ever since. he's been my best friend throughout high school, even though we went to separate ones, and i can't imagine my life without him. we always have the best time together and he makes me feel so loved constantly. we've definitely had our issues (such as his super religious parents not accepting me, while my family loved him and always spent time with him or him claiming i "can't take a joke" any time he jokes about something i'm not comfortable with), but aside from that, we were basically inseparable until 6 months ago. out of nowhere, he told me that this random girl had added him on snap and started sending him pictures in dresses, asking how they looked. he said he just told her they were nice and she started flipping out and saying that he didn't deserve me as his girlfriend, so he blocked her right away. that said, i had no idea who she was or how she even knew he were dating because he claimed she didn't follow him on instagram. i didn't really think much of it until i got a dm from this girl later with a screenshot of their texts showing him begging her not to tell me and that he just thought she was cute and maybe they could keep in touch. after that, a lot more details began to unfold, like how she was sending him bra pics, which he conveniently left out. i was crushed, not only that he had been hitting on her, but that he had lied about it, especially considering how my past boyfriend had been unfaithful and he said he would never hurt me like that. it was clear that he felt awful and super guilty, but i told him i needed some space and time to think. after a lot of thought, i told him that i wasn't sure if he would earn my trust back, but i believed in second chances so i wanted to give it a try. slowly but surely, we took our time and began to get back to where we were before in our relationship, but there was always this lingering fear in my mind. he's a really friendly person, leaving him with a lot of friends who are girls. i never really had an issue with that before, but found myself becoming a lot more jealous and paranoid about them all after that incident, which i hated. i even began getting upset over certain girls he followed/posts he liked which is really not who i am or want to be at all. because of quarantine, we haven't seen each other in a couple months, which has been hard (though not anything new, we were long distance for 3 months before), but also made me think about our future. we've talked about the possibility of breaking up before college for a while, but it's always ended in him saying he wants to be with me/would never put me in a situation like that again and me not sure if i should believe that/not wanting to be the paranoid girlfriend. along with that, it's been kind of telling how little of a priority he makes me in this period of time where he has nothing but free time every single day, but again, he's said that he's working on that and i can see that progression. i love and care about him more than anyone i've ever met, but i'm not sure if it's all too little too late. my friends have been in favor of us breaking up for some time now, but i know that they're just trying to protect me. i really don't think i'll be happy if we stay together in college and i've communicated that, but it's left me lost about when to end it. shouldn't we both give each other time to heal? and is it better to get as much time out of it as we can or not worth it to keep a relationship going with an expiration date on it? we've also discussed taking a break to figure things out on our own, but i'm scared that'll just lead to a breakup