my boyfriend and i recently had a big argument about a week and a half ago about saying things not to be mean. i have been raised in a family that jokes/teases a lot. recently my boyfriend read a book about controlling people and decided he didnt like the way i act. mind you, ive said the same things from the first day we met - over a year and a half ago. suddenly he is saying that the things i say are mean that i never even knew he had problems with. he recently branded the word "nerd" as an insult and i generally dont understand, but have been biting my tongue trying to be respectful. there has been some other things he said i've done wrong but since he mentioned them i have been on my best behavior. yesterday afternoon on a call, i was discussing a book series he loves because it is the origin of his name. I decided to get into it and see if i like and found myself genuinely invested in it. I was reading one of the books, watching the movie and even researching about it. he said he had done all 3 - read the books, watched the movie and read the comics. as what i assumed was a harmless joke, i said "omg you're so obsessed, thats so cute!" he got flustered and said i called him a geek - of which i am certain the word never left my mouth specifically because i was trying to not say anything bad. i hung up and instantly regretted it, but still felt aggravated. he wouldnt pick up after that. i sent him a message and lashed out saying he was overreacting to it. i instantly regretted it, spamming him with messages for hours with apologies. he didnt receive them until after work and he said he wasn't mad. i apologized some more and assumed the conversation was done. however later that night he brought the topic up again saying he didnt understand why i would do this not even a week after our fight and act the way i did instead of just calmly apologizing in the moment. i explained that i didnt see what was wrong with calling him obsessed at the time because he had never discussed that as something he didnt like before. this morning i received a call saying he doesnt know if he wants to be with me anymore. later i received a text saying he was done with me and did not want to be with me anymore. i feel hurt because i didnt even know saying this would hurt him so much and after one slip up he wants to give up. i know accusing him of overreacting wasn't my finest moment either. i just cant understand how this all validates him breaking up with me.