So my “rebound” is weird. I kinda still wouldn’t fully consider him a rebound bc i never really compared him to my ex or felt extreme sadness bc of my ex. I was dating my then ex for a year before we mutually decided to split up bc of fear of the future really. We were still “friends”. But I  had this other guy who became my best friend over the last few months of my first relationship. Now me and this guy would talk for hours and never run out of what to talk too. He is extremely smart and he always pushed me to do better something I never got or get from my boyfriend. We started dating shortly after me and my bf broke up and things were good. We went out on adventurous dates. Had great conversations, pushed each other in our faith and kept god the center of everything. But he went to college and not that far but he still struggled to make time to talk to me. it went from talking everyday for hours to barely talking for a few minutes a day if I was lucky. An incident made my trust falter a bit and him at his really good university with a bunch of smart girls( I’m sure way smarter than me) made me not want to continue things. Scared of getting my heart broken by a guy I had not thought of falling so hard for. And on top of that I started missing my boyfriend. It’s weird bc i can’t imagine a future without my current boyfriend. He’s not perfect he certainly makes mistakes but doing things without him doesn’t feel right in my heart. He does make me happy and I can be 100% myself around him and he loves me to death. And I love him a lot too. But here’s my dilemma kinda. So me and that other guy kinda kept in contact bc we both make positive impacts in each other’s lives and we decided we shouldn’t let that friendship go. But now he has a girlfriend of his own. And I’m sure she’s beautiful and smart and I’m happy for him and her. They deserve each other bc he is honestly one of the best guys I’ve ever met and she is probably just as good of a person. But I can’t help but still feel jealous he found a person to love after I was his everything. I know I hurt him by going back to my ex. But I just miss him and not having him to talk to so much anymore and another girl having his attention now causes a pang of jealousy. And don’t get me wrong I love my bf and I would choose to be with him in a heartbeat everyday but I can’t deny that other feeling. Is this normal, am I horrible person to feel this way?