What’s up everyone, this is my first post on here.. so I met my long distance girlfriend at college in October and we chatted, then became a thing in Late November. She had to leave to go back to her country in early December, but we said we’d be exclusive for each other and wait until we see each other next. 3 months go by and we see each other in March. Best 5 weeks I had with her. She also trusted me to take her virginity since she couldn’t trust anyone else. She left mid April, and that was the saddest we’ve been, we cried for days. We’ve been talking over FaceTime every day since then. Yesterday she messages me saying how she couldn’t stop crying and needed to talk to me. She later calls me and says the one night in December, after a party, her ex of 7 years (on and off) drives to her house without her asking, and she went outside and he manipulated her into accepting his kiss. He was there for her through terrible times so she had a hard time letting go... she thought she could try and be friends... yeah didn’t work. (mind you he is/was in a relationship now too.) And later they kissed sometime in January. She bawled her eyes out when telling me yesterday because she said she never experienced true love and she said she was crying for weeks, couldn’t eat and was losing sleep over it because she was afraid to lose me since she never had someone treat her so well. She was so upset her Dad even messaged me and said how guilty of a conscious she has and this is the saddest he’s seen her. She also said she blocked him back in January. I reamed her out and told her that she has to live with this and how disappointed I am with her. I said that if she ever does this again I am D O N E. I was very stern with how serious this is and told her we need some rules. BUT, I told her I still trust and forgive her, but I need to heal. I think now since after she came back in March she knew how good I was to her and that she could let go of all the past, and she talks to her family about me and even her friends all the time. Everyone also told me how sad she was until she met me. What would you have done?? Please don’t rip me for being too nice, I think everyone can have a second chance.