Hi everyone. I started dating a guy which is perfect in any aspect except texting. We started dating just month ago and we new we will be in a long distance retationship but wanted to try anyway. We live in two different countries, and he is an neurosergion student. I respect him so much and I know he has a lot going on, from the begining I knew he is really bad with texting and he told me so, but now he is at home with his family (because of corona and quarantine, the saddest times) and I am, too. In this crazy times it is not ok from me to ask for too much texting but sometimes I feel like he doesnt care. For example I am always the one who text something and he doesnt even reply every time, after I ask why he tells me he was buisy (but can you really be that buisy in these time to not to reply on my massage for 7 days) , and I see him being online on socioal media which means he has time but obviously not time for me. Every time I ask he is like "I am sorry and dont get me wrong for not texting, you mean a lot to me..." Should I really believe in that? I mean he is really hard person to talk to with texts, and I asked for calls and he was like "yes perfect but at the end we never tried that". I feel like I care much more than he does, I can not believe that he doesnt want to share anything what is going on with his life because I want to share everything that happens in mine but I feel I would bother him if I do so. I do not realise why does he even tell me he cares, he loves me and that I mean a lot to him if he doesnt have time for me. He does a lot of things to show me that he cares but in a long distance relationship I feel like texting is the must. When we have been in the same city he had a lot of work in hospital and I undesrtood it because every time he would be done with it , even if it would be all day long, he would call me to go on a date and wouldnt even sleep just to talk to me, so I know he cared but now when we are separeted I dont know what to think anymore.