I have a very unique situation with my husband.  We had always lived together and split bills.  In our last place it was not quite 50/50 as my kids had rooms there.  I did get opinions on that but nothing like now.   Both my husband and myself are previously divorced.  Between the 2 of us he had 2 kids and I have 3 (only 1 is under 18 now).  His 2 kids never lived in this duplex but with their mom.   This past summer my husband had some major financial setbacks and had nearly 200k in debt he filed bankruptcy on.  While he was going through the bankruptcy at the same time we were asked by the property manager to sign a new lease.  My husband refused to sign and told me he was not sure what type of rent he could afford, or if he even wanted to commit to a place with me and wouldn't make a commitment to a new place or this one (the finances have caused major marriage issues).  He basically forced me in a situation with my teenage daughter to get a new place without him.  I was able to get into a 2 bedroom apartment.  It isn't overly expensive for the area but still difficult to afford when I'm basically married with a single mom income.  At the time I moved I honestly wasn't sure if we were going to get a divorce or stay together but he has told me multiple times he loves me and doesn't want to get a divorce.  What is unfair now is he is here 5 of the 7 nights of the week but still not offering to assist with any bills (he is basically living here but not on lease so I legally know there is nothing I can do there).   Friends joke I'm his sugar mama.  He did want to use my garage I have for storage which is $50 rent a month and offered to pay that rent but has been keeping things there for a month and a 1/2 (still not paid any garage rent). The 2 nights he doesn't stay here he has a bedroom at a friends house he stays in and doesn't try to come here (the friend he pays $140 a month for utilities and yet me nothing).  They are in a band together and this is also the 2 nights he practices.  For a living my husband sells a little online but mostly under the table through marketplace.  Everyone now knows he has filed bankruptcy and has little bills but still hasn't offered to help with mine.  I waited a long time to confront him on this because he recently lost his 21 year old son to suicide and I have felt sorry for him, but I'm tired of struggling and relying on family for help when my husband should be there for me and it's even upsetting my mom.   I finally confronted him last night and he got really ugly told me to fing listen to him and said we have to do things this way because I will have to file bk (this is because he's not willing to pay enough back on debt he racked up on my cards and a boat on top of my own debt) he said if our incomes are combined over 50k then I'll have to pay the court a monthly bankruptcy payment of $1000 (that is doubtful to me as my income doesn't justify it and I believe it is partially based on your income and his income is difficult to prove and mostly cash)  he also excused his not helping with my rent as paying for dinners at restaurants is nearly equal to my rent and bills in the apartment (I only pay rent, electric and internet but it is still $1100 a month for all this).  As for buying dinner he makes me feel guilty pointing out what he spends on dinners as he likes to eat out and me not offering to pay (how can I when he has helped cause me to drown in debt and I'm not really on a dining out budget?)  I see what he pays and ofcourse his figure is greatly exaggerated.   I also buy 95% of the groceries for the apartment and things like laundry soap, toilet paper etc. which he never offers to buy even though I wash his clothes which are 75% of our laundry.  He has the nerve to complain the groceries I buy aren't for him even though he doesn't really help with them but is still here eating them, drinking my water, etc.   He is terrible with money but points fingers at me for being bad with money and maxing out cards.  He was authorized on 2 of my cards and caused around 10k in debt he barely pays on, as well as a boat he recently had a 2 month deferral on also in my name (I had decent credit before all this).  Because he is paying so little on my credit card debt and refusing to really pay his share he is basically demanding I file a bankruptcy but I can't file until Nov because of a previous one.  I feel if he had helped more on the debt he racked up this maybe could have been avoided.  My credit is less then 600 now because of all this (and believe it or not it is slowly creeping up).  He criticized me for using affirm just so my kids could have a nice christmas & birthdays which 2 are in Jan and Feb and it was a way a could afford it.  I don't think he sees even with my family helping me how hard it is keeping up with all the payments.  Also I recently received a 10k life insurance policy because of my employer and because it was his son I gave over to him.  I thought he might help more on bills but he gave me $1000 and told me to use it on my own debt and then blew the rest in 1 day buying gear to sell and a motorcycle (and he's criticizing me on money?  Ugh!!).  I just do not think the situation is fair and wondered other opinions but i don't think he is going to change and I don't know what to do about it.  A part of me knows the answer but I'm not sure I'm ready and don't want to break him because in all of this a lot of good is still there and because he has been through something terrible.  But in the end I feel like he needs me more then I need him.   He also says he can move in with me officially after bankruptcy but I'm wondering if he'll really help with bills then or have other excuse???? #stressedoutdepressedandlosingalotofsleep