So, my (19F) ex girlfriend (20F) and I have been together for 2 years on and off. Around 6 months ago we moved in together. Everything was fine until it wasn’t. One day she woke up and told me that I’m never going to grow up and she didn’t want to be around me. I am the only one of us that has kept the same job for over a year. She is constantly getting jobs and staying at them for a month at the most. She literally sits at home and smokes all day. She lost literally the easiest job in the world where she was being paid $1400 a month to take and pick kids up from school and stay with them after for like 2 hours. I talked to her and tried to fix things, but she won’t listen. She agreed that we could start over as friends and work our way back into a relationship. I’ve been trying my hardest to change and be who she wants me to be. We went to the movies Tuesday night and everything felt fine. Since then she hasn’t come home until 7 AM. I don’t know what she’s out doing. My heart is in pieces. I know she’s not my girlfriend and I shouldn’t care but I do. Tonight my suspicions were confirmed that she’s out somewhere weird because her best friend came to town and was supposed to stay at the house, but she claimed she was too fucked up to drive and I needed to let him in. He’s friends with basically the majority of her friends so it’s weird that he couldn’t go stay wherever she is if she’s with her friends. It’s also super weird how she hasn’t posted anything on her Snapchat so I’m pretty sure she’s either blocked me off her story or made a private one. I’m the first girl she’s ever been in a relationship with and she’s told me a million times that she would never date another girl. This is my first serious relationship ever. She’s extremely close with my family. She texted and FaceTimed me all day and night yesterday, but today I barely heard anything except a screenshot of her and my aunt joking about something on Facebook. She is dogsitting 3 dogs right now and has been home a total of like 8 hours while they’ve been here and 99% of that was sleeping, so I’ve been doing all of the caring for them. I’ve had to literally force myself out of bed to do it. I took the max dosage of my anxiety medicine last night and I slept for 22 hours straight, only waking up to care for the dogs. I don’t want to wake up because this is all I think about. She’s probably out with someone that’s not me. She’s probably in their bed. She’s probably gonna get fucking knocked up and married and then some guy will have the life I was supposed to have. I feel like I’m in a nightmare. I have no one to talk to, she drove all of my friends away. They hate me now too.  Not sure why I’m posting this. Not sure why I’m doing any of the things I’m doing right now. I hate myself and my fucking life.