I’m (M20) and my family treats my sister (F19) like a fucking goddess compared to me. Don’t me get me wrong I love my sister and I’m so proud of her for being as smart and locket that she is but it seems that my family only gives her attention. She was a cheerleader and was a very big part of her school and whenever she had an event all of our family showed up and supported her she got all A’s and is very pretty. At the college she goes to now she just became secretary of something important which as I said I’m proud of her. When I was growing up none of my efforts were never recognized....... I have done everything to try and get attention from my family but it was never enough. I played football and got MVP on my team no one even said anything to me about it. I played basketball and my team won a division one championship and still nothing I could barely get one family member to come to my games most of the time none I literally have an all star jersey. My grades were also great too. My little sister went to prom and they rented so many nice cars for her and the whole nine yards. For my prom I didn’t even go because for one they told me since I had a job that I could help pay for some but I ended up jsut not going anyways because my gf at the time was older than me and she had no interest. I didn’t go to college but my sister does and they literally still treat her like a princess they bought her a whole Mac book and today she jsut got her own apartment which they are helping her pay for. It just seems like people have always showed favoritism towards her and it hurts my soul so much. Thankfully I was fortunate enough to make some good friends and so I moved across the country away from my family because i couldn’t take it anymore I don’t depend on them for anything they don’t give me money or nothing. and I barely seen them a few weeks out of the year and honestly I don’t know if I wanna see them every year anymore. I’ve expressed to my mom multiples times how I’ve felt like this but it’s never registers. We have an older sister who’s almost 30 and even then since they were both girls they were close even when we went school shopping my littler sister always got a bigger budget than me and since I was a boy I was always given excuses as too why I didn’t need as much and they always went places without me and Id always get “it’s a girl thing you can’t come”Maybe I’m making this whole thing seem worse than it is but this is just how I see it it’s been happening my whole life. I don’t know what to do anymore I’m depressed over this it’s currently 2:38 am and like this shit bothers me so much. I cry about it a lot as I said I love my little sister I love seeing her do great things but my heart breaks a little every time I see her be praised when I’ve done so many things too that were never looked at twice. I’ve just always felt like I was never good enough for anything that I’ve done even to this day I do.