I’ve never posted on Reddit before but I’m desperate for advise and don’t want to seek it from my family and friends because their opinions might be skewed. I (25F) cheated on my bf (M24) by sexting someone I had previously met and had kept in contact for half of our relationship. My bf  and I have been dating for over a year. He recently only discovered the messages and is heart broken. I am completely ashamed by the discovery as I had forgot all about said person. There was never any physical cheating but my bf is very hurt that I had comminuted/ sexted with the person. He is broken and I can’t fix it. We are currently broken up and I’m devastated that I did this to him as we were both very happy with each other. Trust has been a been a big issue as we have had arguments about this before. We almost broke up once due to trust issues ( again my fault) at the start of our relationship. Every time we talk about the subject I can see how hurt he is as he makes connections I didn’t even realize before such as saying had an emotional connection to said person, that I was lying to him without blinking, that I had two relationship at once which are not all true but I can see why he would make those connections. I made horrible decisions but want to desperately save my relationship. My bf is lashing out and I understand why he is doing so as he is hurt and in pain. He’s mentioned wanting to get back together but other times he is ready to block me and never speak to me again. He recently told me he is talking to other females and I feel like I can’t express that upsets me but that hurts me beyond words. He’s mentioned going on a trip with a female and I can’t understand why he would want to do that if he is in pain? Sometimes I think he is doing things to show people around us that he is moving on..... but how is two wrongs going to make a right? Is this his was of telling me he doesn’t want me to try to save our relationship? He looks for me just as much as I look for him. I know we love each other and I want nothing more then give it time to heal and show him I’m willing to go above and beyond for our relationship but if it means having to watch him fool with other women I don’t think I can take that. I want to do something romantic/ grand gesture for valentines but I stop myself as I’m not sure if it is that right thing to do. Any advise would be greatly appreciated.