My (21F) boyfriend (21M) and I have been seeing each other for 3 months now, but we dated 2 1/2 years ago. We didn't speak for 2 years even though he tried to reach out to me, but I avoided him. He broke up with me when we were 18 over text and he was emotionally unavailable the whole relationship, but I thought that I could change that (its dumb, i know). I knew that he felt deep regret about this ever since he did it. He was always pretty short with me during our relationship because he was scared of the future which made me hold a grudge against him for a long time, but the good moments we had were great and he really was one of my best friends. We reunited and got coffee 2 1/2 years later and instantly hit it off. I lost feelings for him several months after our breakup so the thought of him didn't affect me anymore and I wasn't afraid to meet up. We hung out constantly after we got coffee and he made it clear to me that he is extremely sorry for the past and the future doesn't scare him anymore. He's never short with me, always checks up on me, is always so so kind to me. He's wonderful, really. Theres no issue except for the fact that the past still creeps up on me sometimes and makes me so mad or upset. I told him this recently and he said he understands and that he's here to talk about it if I start to feel angry or sad. The thing is I never was able to be open with him in the past because he didn't know how to deal with my anxiety and eventually broke up with me, so communication has been kind of hard for me now. It scares me which I understand is not a good thing at all. So aside from all that, theres this girl who goes to my university that is very beautiful and sort of instagram famous. I see her often at parties and other public places since we sort of have mutual friends. I saw that they were friends and he likes all her posts that are usually sexy pictures. She also has him on her private story on instagram and they're venmo friends. He deactivated instagram with me because I said that I was comparing myself to others too much and I needed a break. He told me that he would deactivate with me because the only reason he has instagram is to see what I post. I still think about this girl and I get sad and insecure when I think about them having some sort of "thing" before he got back with me. I know this is all something I need to just let go because its all in the past, but its very difficult for me and I don't know what to do or how to even bring it up because I feel like I sound so crazy. A part of me thinks that I shouldn't have gotten back in a relationship when I still feel some resentment and jealousy, but he really is my best friend and I love the relationship we have right now so so much. Any suggestions on how to let go of the past?