I am 27 years old and my boyfriend is 35. We've been together for about 7 months but knew each other for a while before we stared a relationship. The guy tells me that he loves me and that if we continue our relationship he can see us living together in the future and possibly getting married. I love him. However, there is one problem. I know that he has feelings for his ex. He tells me that he doesn't but mentions her a lot and they are great friends. They dated for a few months online last year at that time she was a webcam model. After a while, she came to the USA from Canada for a week to visit him. The day after she left back home she broke up with him. She now lives with her current and boyfriend and her kids as a family. She, however, stayed in touch with my boyfriend and talk they regularly and recently started a podcast together. When I found out about the podcast I got upset and somewhat jealous. I even went as far as checking his phone behind his back, I felt bad for doing that but I felt like I had to do it. And as I was reading the messages I wanted to vomit because he pretty much always complains about me to her. He never mentions that he loves me or anything good about me. He told her that I was very immature and that he feels like he is my guardian because I am autistic, he mentioned that he doesn't find me physically attractive, that he feels like I am going nowhere in life because he feels like my job is not as important. He compared me to her saying that I was nowhere close to her because she is a goddess that sings, writes, does artwork and that I don't do any of that. He also said that even though they only had sex once that the sex with her was magical and something he will never forget. He said he wishes he was with someone like her but that loves him as much as I love him. He said that LA is a wasteland full of fat ugly women. That she was the most beautiful woman when she came to visit California. He pretty much flowers her with compliments and talks bad about me to her. However when I ask him if I am too immature or annoying or clingy when I hug and kiss him all the time he says he that he loves that I kiss him a lot because I am so beautiful and nice. I don't know if I should confront him about the messages or keep it to myself. It hurts me because when he mentions her to me it's only good stuff but with her when he mentions me it's all negative. And knowing that he doesn't find me attractive and yet he still has sex with me deeply hurts me. Also, his ex added me on facebook and Instagram and tried talking to me for a while. We talked a bit. After reading the messages between them both I blocked her from everything. One more thing she never flirted back with him but she never told him to stop telling her that stuff. She just keeps telling him to be honest with me and tell me how he really feels but he changes the subject. I feel torn and don't know what to do especially since he met my parents and I met his parents, His entire family likes me and I've been on nice trips with them. I got so used to having him and his family in life and I feel awful. Please I need some advice. Also, I have a hard time understanding people and adapting to change because of my autism.