Me (old 52) married 20 years, unhappily most of them, but, GREAT kids from it.  I have talked with the guy that I was 'in love' with for years when I was young and I realize that this is mostly just wanting something you can't have, but, we were chatting via message app this week and I let it slip, due to wine, that I was still in love and thought about things that could have been on almost a daily basis;  he said he did too.  That his regret was always what bad timing we had.  One was married or just over married when the other was available or vise versa.  He said he never knew I still felt that way, which I understand as I never wanted to openly say that I had no respect or love for my husband after a lot of disrespect from him in the form of "girlfriends" and sTD'S and such for 20 years.  But, it has gotten to the point where my husband and I don't have sex, don't actually speak to each other with him getting angry, or telling me to "JUST NOT SPEAK, he can't handle the stress."  The stress can range from something as innocent as : I am going to the store, I need a new bra, to I called a plumber because the water heater is leaking CO2 and we are all dying in our sleep everynight.  Both real conversations this week.  I have a job, I don't spend his money, it has always been his, not ours.  I was given an allowance when I stayed home with the kids, but, no free money.  That was grocery and shoes at best.  He makes money, I just don't have access so "golddigger" does not apply.  There has never been a profit to be made in this.  I just want to know if, now that my kids are all in college, would it be unreasonable to want something more.  Someone who asks if I am ok every now and then, or someone who is willing to go to the movies with me.  I don't consider myself ugly, but, if you don't want to go to a movie, you start to think so.  (basic, brown eye, brown hair, 5 7 140 pounds.  same as when I got married.)  My son who I can talk to, said if I want to change ships in midlife, he would be happy for me, my two daughters have advocated divorce for years and my oldest son is just paranoid of any change but, still thinks his dad treats me badly, or says he thinks so.  What do you think.  Stay and be.  or Change, not necessarily with High School guy, but, try.  Sorry so long, new at this reddit posting stuff.  For those checking history, my daughter is MUCH better now, thank you