Hello, I am new around here and I'm going through really bad times, I am constantly looking for answers and cant find them, no matter how hard I try, so I came here to hear some opinions about my situation, which I am aware that it is common thing.
So, I (20M) was in a relationship with my ex (20F), we were both in our first "very serious" relationship and it lasted 3 years. I find myself really weird when it comes to relationships because I rarely feel attracted to someone, when girls flirt with me, I usually take it to friendzone because they never look good enough for me (not in an arrogant way, its just that the things that attract me arent very common)....that happened till I met my ex, we dated for 3 amazing years, we felt like we both won the jackpot, even in the last months we couldnt get mad at each other and we were really compatible, we had the best moments of my life and I never felt so happy with someone. Recently, 4 months ago, I joined college, so the time we had for each other was really short because she is in college too. Even with this obstacles, we often talked through phone calls and texting and met once per week, I was aware that we're not going through the best phase, but always thought we were just adjusting to it....till 2 months ago she told me she was confused and didnt know if she felt the same way about me, we talked for hours and decided to give a break, she reached the conclusion that she still had feelings for me but didnt want to stick with this kind of relationship, I told her we could get through it and change a few things to make it work again, then we had the break....1 month later she broke up with me, she said she didnt believe we could make it work again and, even tho she loved me, that she didnt feel mentally ready to maintain a relationship. This break-up really came out of nowhere, she never gave me signs of not wanting to be with me anymore, it caught me off guard and left me completely broken, we were even planning on doing our first trip together to London.
How am I supposed to move on when someone breaks up with you but says that loves you and tells you that "I believe destiny will bring us together once more"? Sometimes I dont know what to do and I miss her really hard, so I text her and end up saying stupid things, expecting her to say those things back. She really cares about me, we were not only a couple, we were best friends, so she thinks the best for me is ignoring my messages, so I can forget her, but, even though I get her, it drives me crazy and I start thinking that she doesnt care about me anymore.
I cant forget her because our breakup was really inconclusive, she gave me hope, she said she still had feelings for me. I still think about getting back together and it doesnt let me move on...i find myself crying to sleep and feeling really lost in this world, I never believed in soulmates, but she made me believe that she was mine. She always said that I was her soulmate, I cant simply imagine a future without her even though I know I cant force her to be with me.....
My question here is how would you deal with this? You know she still has feelings for you, you had the best moments ever, she gave you hope, but she doesnt want to be with you