About three months ago like about three days before Valentine’s Day I made a love letter to my crush, Valerie , took me about 4 days to make. Well any ways later that day I gave her the letter and once I gave her the letter I dipped on the quicks cause I’m a fucking coward. The next day I was planning on what to give her, as a valentines gift and I remembered she likes the color purple so I decided to buy her some purple tulips and Ferrero chocolates. But just as it seemed everything was going smoothly my friend tells me that valeries sister found out that someone is trying to make Valerie his girl so she told her parents and her parents didn’t allow her to go to school on Valentine’s Day. So when I received the news, I was like, wtf is wrong with that shitty little brat and how the hell did she find out. Well my original plan was to go to the store on Thursday but since her little sister decided to be a cunt, I had to buy them that same day. That night I texted her “can you please try going in the bus tmrw morning cause ima give you something”, i told her this because I go in her bus and there’s been days where she oversleeps. Next day came, I took my brothers car without his permission to get to school before she does, I waited in the bus area until my bus finally arrived, I waited until everyone got off but, there was no sign of her. These thought crossed my mind, her sister somehow found out that i go on the same bus or my crush couldn’t make it to the bus or her parents decided not to let her go to school both days. I was kind of sad but my friend Andre told me not to lose hope because maybe she’ll come later. I waited until lunch time cause my friend David asked one of valeries friends if Valerie was coming to school today and she said that she was but was going to be real late. Lunch time came and i was pretty nervous cause she never said nothing about the letter or even replied to my text. In my group of friends only David and Andre knew who my crush was, so we sat on the lunch table and we all started to talk line we usually do, until one of my friends pointed out the fact that I came well dressed and even combed my hair back, something I’ve never done to my hair for school, and the extra bag. I just ignored the question. I thought I was on the clear but David told Ricky that I was going to try asking Valerie to be my girlfriend, and that dumbass blurted it out, soon all of my friends knew who I had a crush on. At that time I said to myself that I was doomed. My friends then started to make fun of me (jokingly) and then just as I was talking shit to them she walked by and sat approximately 8 seats away from me cause all of the seats were taken by those dickheads. Once my friends saw her sit down all of them just started to hype me up. Now that I look back my friends were just trying to boost my confidence, but at that time I was feeling embarrassed, I didn’t now what to do, my mind went blank. All of my friends were saying she’s right there, go for it, my friend fernie told me to switch seats to sit a bit more close to her, I was panicking, I was sweating like crazy, they just kept saying “bro go for it she’s literally right there” in my mind I knew what to do, but I couldn’t do it. Finally my friend Arthur gave me a hug and told me “you got this chief”. Those words kinda motivated me to get up and ask my friend joe who was talking to her if we could switch seats. I finally got to her and my mind went blank, everyone was watching, i could hear my friends speaking loudly in the background. That’s when I said “ this is for you” and  gave her a tulip, she thanked me but once she said that the pressure got to me and I walked away. I went to my original seat, all the homies looked at me with disappointment, I mean I’d also be disappointed if a homie couldn’t ask a girl out even when we all cheering for him. Lunch finished and me and David went to class. He apologized for telling Ricky, saying he forgot how overreacting he is, I said nothing, deep down I knew I messed up, I didn’t have the balls to ask her. All period I was just silent doing my work, something I don’t usually do. Next period I had David and also Andre, Andre walked in and said “you fucked it up my g”, I said I know but before I could say anything he told me that she was going to the library with her friends, he told me if I want to redeem myself then go for round 2. I asked my teacher if I could go to the library, he said no cause we gon take a test, I told him my situation and he was cool enough to let me and Andre go. We got there and she was sitting with her friends talking to a teacher. We passed by and we both locked eyes for a second. We sat like two tables away, my friend asked what’s the plan, and i told him to let me think. We sat their for about 10 minutes before valeries cousin, ray, my friend came to do some hours at the library. He asked what are we doing here and Andre told him that ima ask Valerie out. Ray was surprised by the fact that I like her. I asked him if he knew about this and he said that valerie told him that a guy gave her a letter but didn’t say who it was. Both my friends started to boost my confidence and it was working but my self doubt kept telling me that she probably doesn’t even like me. Another 10 minutes passed and I was still thinking of ways to approach her, my friend soon grew frustrated by the fact that Valerie never even came by to confess to me. Ray said that she is a real cold person, something I realized once I started talking to her. Andre got hungry and went to buy a muffin and when he cane back he noticed that Valerie was holding the tulip I gave her, Andre told me that she is probably waiting for me and I should go before she loses her patience. 50 minutes passed by and it was almost time to leave, my friends told to go already and I went, I asked her to come over here please she came and I gave her the chocolates, she thanked me and then said are we going to stay as friends or something, and that’s when I said the dumbest thing I could say, I said “I think it’s better if we stay as friends” once I said that I left. My friend asked how did it go and I said I said that we’re going to stay as friends. After this we didn’t talk for almost three months. During those three months she never texted me but she would occasionally say hi. I thought she wasn’t going to ever talk to me ever again until like three weeks ago she sent me this link to this game about how much you know that person. I took it and it was ten questions and I only got 5 right. The next day she sent me a text saying “hi”. And we started to talk again, I thought maybe she’s into me now cause she would answer quickly compared to before as she would take like 4 days just to respond. But that soon ended when she took a whole week just to respond. And me being a dumbass i haven’t opened her message since last week, what should I do, should I just let her go and accept she’s not the one for me or keep trying till I finally have her. Oh and I’m sorry for making this super long, I’m off the perca and I couldn’t find a way to shorten it.