My girlfriend (20F) and I (19M) took a "break" or we broke up this week. We only dated about a month and a half. Everytime we have spent time together, it has been amazing. Both of our families were supportive in our relationship (even members who we haven't met in-person). The last time we hung out, it was amazing but the day after (Friday), there was no contact for a few days until Monday. Well, there was on Saturday, saying: "hi! I have had a rough couple of days. Sorry for ghosting you." In which, I forgave her. I didn't text her constantly. I would just send good morning or night texts. On Monday, I got really worried since I thought I did something wrong and wanted to know if she is doing okay. So, after work, I went to her place unannounced and she was shocked. Both our moms were there and I wanted to have conversation so that way her and I could speak in private. So we did, and she starting crying (never seen her cry) and apologizing. I hugged her to comfort her and told her it was alright. She told me that I have been great this whole time to her and that I don't deserve being ignored or ghosted. She said we were not going to break up but she needs some time to resolve family issues in order to supportive in our relationship. I'm willing to wait for her and give her the space she needed. The next day, I feel better with having hope that this wait will be over in no time and everything will be normal but better. She texted saying that she felt uncomfortable that I showed up to her place unannounced and have our moms talked was out of pocket even though it was in my best interest and that she wishes me the best. I understand why she felt that way but I felt uncomfortable as well for not knowing if she will resent me or her thinking it will be a "gotcha" moment. I just wanted to talk to her to know what is going on and to show that I care for her. I couldn't figure out any other way for her to talk to me and I didn't want to wait any longer in the period of no contact. I replied with how I felt which I just mentioned in this post and that I wish her the best as well. She reply to my message extending the meaning of message, "please understand me when I say I don't want a relationship. I have too much on my plate right now, and it's going to take years to resolve it. thank you for your understanding, goodbye." I felt devastated. I'm just thinking to myself, "years? If that's what I takes for her to be back in my arms then I'm willing to wait." Although, I don't know if she thinks the same. Her saying goodbye is what really got to me. I'm confused if it means goodbye for now or goodbye forever. Before this relationship, I haven't been with a girl for 5 years so I was very happy when I found someone who appreciates me, willing to spend time with me, and comfort me whenever I felt somewhat upset. Having that period of happiness for just for it to be ended so soon, tore me apart. We still follow each other on social media and I'm pretty certain she still has my phone number. I'm hoping for the best here. I'm hoping she is also willing to wait. I'm hoping that sooner rather than later we would continue this relationship. With this quarantine bullshit, I have much more free-time so I would think about her and think that us getting back together will never happen. I have cried so much. I plan on occupying my time and mind by exercising, make YouTube videos, practice playing guitar, working at my job more. I just want to know that whoever reads this post, what do think of this situation?