I’ve (28F) been with my partner (31M) for 9 years. He has his own place and about 2months after we started dating he asked me to move in with him. I do not pay rent and have asked him over and over again if he would like me to and he’s always said no. He’s always been a heavy marijuana user and occasionally uses other drugs. He has an explosive temper and has pushed me on a few occasions. When he’s smoking marijuana he’s really nice to me but when he isn’t smoking he’s horrible. He’s kicked me out more times than I can count and once kicked me out in front of his entire family while they were over. They heard us fighting and yelling and didn’t bother to intervene or say anything. His family told me early on they were so happy I started dating him because his attitude had changed to much in a good way compared to before I was dating him (he apparently had a very toxic relationship with his ex). I managed to stay at a friends place for a few days/weeks before he starts begging me to come back, promising he will never do that again and telling me he loves me. Even to go to the shops or if I ask him for a little favour he will make things so difficult or refuse to do it (by little favour I mean drive me 5 mins away to a shop maybe once per week if not less). I do chip in for grocery shopping all the time and usually get groceries after work and bring them home. Over the years I have not been able to work (personal issues) but every time he has kicked me out I have tried to make arrangements to move out permanently but then he begs and cries for me to come back and promises to never do it again. I just don’t understand why he keeps asking for me back when he acts like he hates me whenever he’s sober and not high on marijuana. Our sex life has dropped because I’m just not feeling very close to him. Should I just move out one day anyway? I’ve tried for years to get him to see a counsellor to help him reduce his drug use and improve our relationship and he always promises he will but always comes up with an excuse why he can’t. I won’t lie it is easier to stay with him at the moment, but how can I know whether he loves me or just hates me? He never really even talks to me about our relationship because he’s too busy playing online games and smoking weed and then tells me the reason he’s playing games and smoking weed so much is because he hates me and I make him depressed. But then he will smoke marijuana and tells me he loves me so much and misses me all the time or will randomly text me while he’s at work and say he loves me. About 65-80% of the time our relationship is normal and about 20-35% of the time we are fighting. Is this the end of the road for our relationship? I just feel like we can’t move forward anymore because he stopped trying a long time ago and now I feel like I’m giving up too.