I (21 AFAB NB) am infatuated with my old roommate, now friend (20 F). However I don't even know if she's bi or straight or would even consider me a viable partner. We met last year when I was looking for dorm mates, I asked to join her apartment and she agreed. The apartment floor we were on was "the rainbow floor", however allies can room there as well. We quickly became close and I consider her one of my best friends. When we lived together we would cuddle on the couch, she would pet my hair and I would braid hers. Shes absolutely gorgeous, hilarious and an amazing friend. She knows all my baggage and I know hers. That school year I got into a short relationship with another one of our roommates (20 Trans M) and she became a bit distant. That relationship didn't last long and ended on good terms and we were back to normal. Once the school year was over we all had to move back home, she invited me to hang out after her vacation with her family. Around this time my crush on her was prominent. She planned a full day outing for us, we went to lunch, I burned my mouth from eating the food too fast and she jokingly babied me. We went to a barnes and noble and cuddled in a corner reading the Adventure Zone comic. We got boba and went to an outdoor mall. We spent the entire day together, when we walked around she had her arm looped around mine. We ended the day with a shared pizza and we drove our separate ways. Before this outing, I told another friend about the day she planned for us, and my friend told me to ask her if it was a date because it sounded like one. I texted her the night we were supposed to hang out, and she said "no i didn't really think of it as one, just wanted to hangout as friends". I took that as a clear sign she wasn't interested, and tried to get rid of my crush but when we hung out I was so happy and she seemed to be too. We didn't bring up the text from the night before. For this next school year we wouldn't be living with each other or our old roommates as I had decided to stay home to save money and her parents didn't want her to stay in the dorms again because they're expensive. We hung out a lot nonetheless, usually with our old roommates as we're a friend group now. However she planned many other outings for just the two of us, always spending the entire day together. During winter break, she got involved with a guy she met, she told me about how she had sex with him, they spent a romantic new years eve  together and I took that as a clear sign she wouldn't be interested in me. However he treated her like trash, abandoned her after they slept together a few times with the excuse that he wasn't ready for a relationship. It hurt me to see her heartbroken, and I was there for her. The guy didn't wait long after her and she found him on bumble with the caption "haha what if we were stuck in quarantine together, haha unless". This obviously upset her, but with everything going on I feel like I can't be there for her. I've been pining for this girl for so long, but out of respect I haven't made a move since my friend told me to text her if that one outing was a date. She makes me absolutely happy and this quarantine has gotten me thinking a lot about her. I want to tell her how I feel, but I don't even know if she's attracted to the same sex, others have told me she's "straightish". I don't even know if she would want to be friends with me if she found out I've been pining for her for this long. And what would I even do if I told her my feelings now, I can't see her due to social distancing and don't want to loose her friendship if she finds it weird.