Instead of being happy of what she had in front her, she just complained about me and pointed out all my faults and made me feel like wasn't good enough or man enough to be with her ... constantly criticize me and constantly blew up on and cuss me out when she's upset or when I nicely/calmly ask her to do or not do something. Said that my geeky personality is immature. Wanted me to dress a certain way. Said that I'm trash/suck at everything and said that im useless and can't do anything right. Always going off on me and putting me on the spot in front of other people. Said that I'm boring all the time. Never in my life have I ever felt less than a man... said that I needed to pay her $600 a month just to maintain and support her cause she didn't believe in a 50/50 relationship even though she has her own income.. also said that I need a 2nd job to support her even more ... we're both in our late 20s.. been dating only for a few months. she has 2 kids of her own ... her own family members warned me that she was crazy and that I needed to leave her ... we broke up cause we were coming back from a trip, I've been driving for 7hrs straight, I asked her nicely to not tell anyone about a embarrassing incident that happened to me during that trip, she reacted by cussing at me and said that me or no one can't tell her what to do, so I accidentally just snapped by punching my steering wheel once and told her that she was f'ing crazy and luckily her kids were asleep in the back and didn't get to witness my horrible behavior... then she just ignored me for the rest of the ride back home ... the next day I tried apologizing for my actions, she told me she needed space and time to process everything but I was being ignorant and didn't listen, so I showed up to her house unannounced to beg for forgiveness, knocked on the door nicely, she opened it and told me to go away and I did immediately and left without making any drama .. then she texted saying that was scary and was terrified for her life... a few days passed, she called me saying that she's traumatized for life , scared for her life and safety, that she's been crying and scared every night, she can't sleep anymore, and that she's afraid to be home alone, she even had a patrol cop to patrol her neighborhood and said she doesn't know I am anymore and said she's heart broken and betrayed her trust ... I have never shown any anger or frustration towards her until that day when coming from vacation and have never laid a finger on her ... I've been nothing but patient and good to her kids since say 1 ... And plus, i think I would of snapped eventually or she would of dumped me eventually cause she always telling me "what if we break up" "we're not going to last" "I think we're better off just being friends" "you irritate my soul" "I don't know how much longer I can take this" "I still don't know what I want" ... and I gotta admit, I have a crappy attitude every now and then but she also had a salty attitude at the same time...