So for 6 years out of 7 my marriage has been dead . Even getting a hug is impossible without pulling teeth. Im disabled and kinda homebound and she is only home on Sunday's and then sleeps all day.  She has told me find a girlfriend multiple times.  Has she is much older then me and has no desire for anything.  Yes she works . Yes i know she is exausted .  But keep in mind she is a workaholic and therefore totally ignores me and any of my needs, wants , or desires. We have 1 date night every month or so which is usually a restaurant and home. Im on ssi / ssd . Its more like just having a roommate . When she is home she watches hours of soap operas and just sleeps in a recliner chair . I do sll the chores im basically the housewife and i pay the rent electricity and water. We have 1 car which she takes from 4 am til 7pm and friday and Saturday she may come home around 2 am or so . Now i know she is not cheating she has no desire for mental and physical medical issue's.  She even made me a video to post on dating sites of her approval of me finding a girlfriend.  But after 6 years 4 am til usually between 7pm and 10pm or more on fridays and Saturdays im always always alone . After Bill's are paid house is clean and yard is clean i have nothing to do but social media . And we live way out in the country so i have taken to a porn addiction to not go crazy . Just dont know what to do . Any advice guys and girls. Also i wake up literally playing mentally a game i invented i call 100 ways to kill myself in under 5 minutes with as little pain as possible.  Ofcourse i never will kill myself fue to my faith but its a fun thought experiment daily . I have became very bitter and at times vengeful though . I have no family no friends to hang with . Im completely and utterly alone . Note> if we seperated or divirced we would both be homeless cause in our area without both our incomes we cant even afford basic daily life . And yes my grammar here ducks i necer been good at typing or writing . However im very educated in other way's. So forgive me . I just need someone abd to vent and not be so alone. It's a very dark day everyday for me . And btw im bi polar , have  a.d.h.d which i been diagnosed with since i was 18 im now 38. I also have civilian ptsd due to childhood abuse physical mental and sexual,  and yes i have doctors and ton's of med's . Im also a 14 year clean addict.