Let me start by saying my boyfriend and I have only been together since March. So really, our relationship has only existed in quarantine. I’m an essential worker, so I have been working throughout the pandemic. On Friday I was informed that a coworker tested positive with the virus. I had to be put into a hotel to fully self-isolate and also get tested myself. Before I even received my results I was violently ill all weekend (vomiting and diarrhea). My boyfriend got drunk and started sending me snapchats of him drinking tequila. I told him to stop, as it was making me nauseous. He apologized, stopped and we soon went to bed. The next day I was still not well and decided to see how long it would take for my boyfriend to reach out and see how I was doing. He texted me “hey” at 2pm and even though I replied within 5 minutes, he didn’t text back for another two hours. And even then it was just “what’s up” at 4pm. I was disappointed he hadn’t thought to reach out and see how I was. I expressed this and he said he was sorry, that he slept in and then immediately started doing work. I brushed it off and said it was no big deal. Well I’m now in my second day of being confirmed with the virus myself and he has yet to actually reach out to me and say “how are you doing?” Or “how are you feeling?” We still text and snap throughout the day (always initiated by me) but I feel like it’s different now. Before we were both bored in quarantine and trying to kill time, so we often didn’t communicate for a few hours, but now I’m legitimately ill and facing the virus that has swept through the world. It seems dumb but it doesn’t feel like he’s thinking about me at all, and I know he has the time to do so. Everyone has all the time in the world right now. This is such a fresh relationship that part of me wonders if I can continue in it because I am a very caring and outwardly thoughtful person to others (it may not sound humble to say so, but I truly try to live like this) and if he can’t even say “how are you feeling” during a time like this, when it’s so painfully obvious to do so, idk if it’s the best idea to put all my eggs into this relationship. What are your thoughts? Am I overreacting?