Hello everyone! I'm new to this so please excuse the poor quality of this post. I'm here because I want to know if I should see things as red flags or if I'm just mental from childhood "trauma". I've been dating this girl for a little over a month and at first things were absolutely amazing, this first day we only intended on hanging out at Starbucks but then we went to a Mexican restaurant and the she took me back to her house to show me around and of course meet her cat. The next time I ended up staying overnight and we kissed, french kissed even did some light "touching". After then though I realized I was craving that kind of stuff too much especially because I'd never even kissed a girl before I couldn't get it off my mind so when she came over to my house the next time I made things weird but pushing things a little too far and I still feel really bad about that. Okay now that I've listed how things started and when the decline began I'll list some of the "red flags" (I would like to note first that she has Asperger's and doesn't really see the point in kissing or anything intimate but she did that stuff for me anyway) . 1. About a week later she sent me a long message explaining that she'd been enjoying staying up late texting so much but it needs to stop, she doesn't even talk to her friends that much and so she wants a little space with the texting so much. (Although I didn't believe we were texting that much after she said that I looked back and realized we were so I was fine with giving her space with texting but in my head I guess I don't see the point of saying that, the point of texting is to pick up and drop a conversation as needed, I wasn't double texting her and she was continuing the conversations so that confused me as to why she would say that instead of simply waiting to respond) 2. She told me about this guy which I will leave unnamed obviously that was a little older than her that she "experimented" with (nothing majorly sexual mainly kissing and such) and then told me about a mutual friend we have that liked her and she didn't know how to turn him down so she just kind of waited for him to get bored (I will retouch on this later). First off it made me uncomfortable her telling me the things she did to the guy and that he did to her because well she's "mine" now I don't want to know what else she's done before it's not about that anymore and I'll explain why the latter worries me later on. 3. I'm trying to be very open with her, the way I see it if we're both being honest with each other then things could never go wrong, I don't want to build any unnecessary tension by either of us holding something in so I told her that recently I've been trying not to text her as much and mainly respond to what she says and occasionally say something if it's important and asked her if she wanted me to keep it that way and she said yes. That being said recently she went 4 days without messaging me then today asked if I want to do something Thursday, I of course said yes but wondered in my head why she hasn't been messaging and why did she want to do something now? Well later on in the conversation I find out she just wants to get away from her friend who's house she's been staying at the past couple of weeks because of this whole quarantine thing and with that silence and then now basically only wanting to hang out because she wants to get away I'm wondering if she's hoping I lose interest just like with the other guy, why else would she even bring that up? I have mental issues with doubt because of issues when I was growing up and my first "girlfriend" (we never did anything) backstabbing me so I have a hard time believing anything and I always think the worst, I know that's something I need to work on and it's not fair to her for me to be like this so I've been trying my best to work on it and be open with her how I am. The last time we hung out I explained to her my concerns (some of which I have not listed) and ended up straight up asking her if she wants this to work because I really really do but my mind keeps telling me she's trying to hint that she doesn't, she said that she does want this to work but she's getting a hard time from her friend and she's still getting over feelings she had for another guy that she never had the courage to say anything to and although hearing that helped me part of me still doesn't believe it because of my "ex" and issues growing up. For me it would help a lot to you know, greet each other with a kiss, go on a walk and hold hands, cuddle and such but she doesn't see the point in those things which makes it hard for me, it makes me feel like she wants to keep things "friendly" and doesn't want them to continue. There's also things like random comments such as before when I told her about my mental problems she said she wants to help me but doesn't know how so maybe it's best if we just stay friends (this was before I asked her if she wanted things to work or not) and that she doesn't mind if I watch Porn, which I think is an odd comment I don't think you can take a relationship serious and still look at that kind of stuff. Please be honest with me am I crazy or what? I don't want to keep harassing her asking if she's in it or not but what should I do? Should I express to her how much it would mean to me to greet each other with a kiss to help remind me that we're more than just friends? Is that too weird? Ugh please help me.