I made a tinder account few months ago because i was bored af. I literally wanted to delete it when i got a message from a cute guy, we started talking and we ended up talking all night long, and i really thought he was different you guys ( yes i know i made a huge mistake because tinder is a hook up app right). I gave him my number after a week or so and we just kept talking. We just clicked. I was convinced he just wanted to have sex with me even tho he knows that im very traditional and that im saving myself. We talked over video chat apps almost every single day, we know every single thing about each other. And after a month he said he was in love with me even tho he said that he never loved anyome before, he used to hook up with girls and just had sex with them. We talked for 4 months, every single day.  But the thing is, he lives in another city, and we are both students, very busy students :/ and corona virus is not making things easy for us lol. And for the past 10 days i realized that he's been ignoring my texts, i send him a text and he responds 7 hours later. I thought he got bored and didnt know what to say, and i asked him if that was the case but he said no, he wouldnt know what to do if i left and i was like okay he wasnt in the right mood, but for the next few days, things were the same, and i got pissed and i literally told him that i've fallen in love with him we talked every single day and we almost met each others family over video chat and if he wanted to play with me and break my heart he did it. He said that he cant do this anymore, its killing him, he thinks about me every fucking day but hes not used to this, he doesnt know what to do, he has never been in a situation like this, we will meet each other when he visits my town or when i visit him etc etc. I told him that if he really cared about me he wouldnt reject me like that, he responded but i didnt respond back. 5 days later he texts me, he sends me his pic, asked if i missed him, i asked if he missed me, he said no, but he just wanted to check in me. I told him he doesnt have to check on me and i told him not to text me ever again. That was 7 days ago and i cant stop thinking about him, i really fell in love, i just cant explain what i feel for him even tho i never met him. So please help, give me some advice, i dont want to talk about this with my family/ friends. They wouldnt understand and im trying to get over it by myself.. thank you so much btw!