I don’t know if this is the right sub to post this on but I’m really stuck and trying to figure out what’s real and what’s not at this point. My (20F) boyfriend (20M) and I have been dating for almost a year, and have been friends for a lot longer. Up until about two months ago, we’ve been great. He treated me so well, we spent a lot of good, quality time together, but for some reason, I started feeling like he wasn’t being faithful to me. At this point, I couldn’t attribute it to anything concrete but could not get those thoughts out of my head. Flash forward to now, we’ve both moved back home from our college and are currently living with our families again. My family has taken this quarantine a lot more seriously than his, meaning that I haven’t been able to see him in about a month now. Before the strict quarantine, we hung out every day. One day, he was trying to show me something on his Snapchat, ended up sliding over to his chat list, and I happened to see his ex-girlfriend on there before he flipped his phone away from me. Obviously, I took notice, but chose not to bring it up because I didn’t want to make a big deal out of what was potentially nothing. Next time we hang out, same thing happens except this time I also see her name in his text messages. Again, decide not to bring it up (looking back now, I should’ve, but I didn’t.) Flash forward to today, I’m stressed out thinking about this because I’ve chosen not to address it and can’t get over why he hasn’t mentioned to me that he’s been in contact with her. Call him, we talk. I ask him point blank if he’s been speaking to her. He says no, and then quickly says yes but only because she’s been responding to what he’s been posting. He then says that he doesn’t understand why it’s a big deal and didn’t feel like it was something he needed to disclose. The call ended with me feeling badly about bringing it up. I don’t know if this is something I’m overreacting to, or if I’m reasonable in being suspicious about the fact that they were interacting and he didn’t tell me.