Hi all, I’ll try to keep this brief but get the points in there. My wife struggles with bulimia and for the past month or so has been having a harder time, purging more frequently, not eating etc. I am aware of this issue she has and we have discussed it openly in the past, but now I feel like she is lying to me about feeling sick in order to throw up without it being part of her bulimia. Before, we would discuss what food options were viable for her when we would go on date nights and stuff and she would tell me that she would be able to eat and not purge, but often later that night would still purge, but she was very open about it. Of course I don’t like that she’s purging, but I’ve always been very understanding that it’s a mental illness and I’ve never shamed her or made her feel guilty or anything like that. I always try to be the best support I can. I’m starting to notice a pattern now though, where she will complain that she doesn’t feel good, she’s nauseated or she feels like she might have diarrhea, she always says she’s gonna have an upset stomach, but then I hear her making herself throw up (we live in a small house with one bathroom, I’m not eavesdropping on her). Lately she’s been getting more and more elaborate with it, and saying she has all these symptoms and she’s getting sick and then she will come home, purge as quietly as possible, and come out of the bathroom feeling fine without ever saying a word about it. I can’t tell if she’s doing this so that I think she’s better, or because she feels that I look down on her for this behavior, or if she’s doing it to convince herself that she is better because she’s not purging she’s ‘sick’. I’m hesitant to approach her about this because I don’t want to sound accusatory, I just want her to be honest with me, and I’m afraid she will think I’m calling her a liar and get defensive and then we will fight about it without resolving anything. Any advice would be much appreciated, I really just want to be able to support her the way she deserves and the way I should.