My boyfriend and I are in our mid 20s, we’ve been together for 2 years and I just moved across the country (uprooting my life for the first time ever) to be with him after we had been long distance for about 9 months. After being a part for a while I suggested he could go hook up with a person when he was clearly sexually deprived. He’s an EXTREMELY loyal person but he’s super sexual and I just wanted him to get it out of his system. It went totally fine and it kinda turned into a thing cause I didn’t care, and I was so busy at the time I wasn’t trying to myself, but he said to be fair I’m obviously allowed to at any point if I want (although he is a much more jealous person than me, it’s fair). It was decided to be completely sexual and meaningless with other people. My bf and I have always been very committed and sure we wanted to end up getting married and having a family together cause it always felt right. But I had definitely been having my doubts at points around our compatibility and clear issues. They especially came up now I was finally living with him but it scared me so I shoved it all down and told myself it’s fine, everything was going ok for a bit. So I linked with someone I could sleep with who was totally ok with the situation. After talking for a couple weeks before hanging out I could tell we’d get along. So once we did we ended up really connecting with each other and I really liked him. After it came out with my bf cause I couldn’t hide it and it was a massive problem and we had to end the open thing. I had to tell that guy I couldn’t see him again cause it obviously wouldn’t work because I liked it way more than I should’ve. And he poured out how connected he felt to me and felt so much more than he expected and how badly he wishes I could be in his life and jealous I’m not his, but still understanding and respectful to my situation and accepted it. I’ve been working really hard to make everything work with my bf, and behind it I still am thinking of this guy and fantasizing about him, and I feel so guilty to admit it all I wish I could see him again. I know I should take it all as a red flag to what is missing in my relationship and focus on that and it’s just a fantasy with someone I don’t really know and of course it feels thrilling when he’s new, compared to my long term relationship. It’s very fresh and the guy tries to talk to me a bit, which I don’t resist, which I know makes it hard so I know I would time to get over him. But I can’t help but wonder what if and it’s screwing with me and confusing me so much and I don’t know how to shake it. My boyfriend loves me more than anything and will do anything to be with me and I feel horrible I’ve been so out of it over this. How do I deal with this?!