To give some background, me and my girlfriend have been together just short of 2 years and for the most part our relationship is perfect. However, there are definitely issues and I’m not sure how to go about it. These issues are mostly that I feel like we spend too much time together to really be individuals and have things outside of just our relationship that we enjoy. I have expressed this and usually try to hang with my guy friends from my football and lacrosse teams once a week/every other week and she believes that I should be spending that time with her instead of my friends on top of the 2-4 days of the week we already see eachother. Today she told me that “the point of a relationship is to spend your time together 24/7” and I disagreed with this and by accident caused an argument. I have no idea how to go about this issue as I’ve tried so many different approaches to it and nothing has worked even though this exact argument has come up several times by this point in our relationship. To attempt to solve this I usually try to bring her with, but there are occasions where my friends prefer it to be “just the boys” and none of us who do have a s.o. bring them to honor our friend groups and wishes on occasion.Another problem I’m having is one I have no idea how to even bring up. This problem is that I’m an athlete who has training/practice nearly year round to the point where I can usually only get a job for 2 months (at the absolute most) of the entire year. Because of this and that I’m getting my college paid for by athletics and merit, my parents give me a small amount of money for the month to cover my gas and a night or two of entertainment. On the other hand, my gf has a job that pays very well for a high school job. Even though she has a job, I end up paying for 95% of our dates and I am struggling to afford it at this point. On top of this around holidays (valentines, christmas, birthdays, etc...) she constantly begs me to get her gifts and promises me she’ll get me something as well. Honestly I could care less about getting expensive gifts or anything like that, but the fact that in the near two years we’ve been together and she only got me a gift on my birthday this year bothers me considering how much she expects me to spend on her. For Christmas, i got her the majority of the things she asked for and in return I was the only one who she didn’t get a gift for. She was able to buy gifts for her entire family (understandable as they all got gifts for her as well) but she also got gifts for all of her friends and acquaintances... except me. Instead she bought herself a new pair of shoes and got her nails done. On the other hand I had to sell a pair of my shoes and a hoodie so that I could afford to get her gifts ( I own a couple pairs of nice sneakers and some streetwear/fashion pieces that I have saved money for over periods of time and received as gifts from my family). I don’t know how to brings this up as it sounds really greedy and it honestly probably is, but it still bothers me that I was her last priority in this whole situation even though she begged me to get her expensive gifts I couldn’t even really afford to begin with and still managed to get for her. I guess I don’t know in the end if I’m in the wrong or not here, but regardless of that I just want to remedy this situation and sort this situation out. Any advice would be much appreciated. I just want to improve this relationship as I really do care about her and our relationship when it comes down to it all.