I am (20F) who has mental health issues that affect my everyday life. I swing on the scale of serial dating and serial fucking. I experienced long term trauma beginning at (16)developing issues with eating, body image, and sexuality. After being removed from the situation into impatient therapy, (19)I started serial fucking again. Through a trusted friend I met my now boyfriend (24M) and he checked all of my boyfriend boxes. One way I know I latched on quickly is he kinda reminds me of my abuser(30M). We fucked on the first date, as my recent history allowed, but my heart wasn’t ready to be sexually active. He loved me from day one, and asked me to be his girlfriend while he came that first time. I agreed because the dick really was that good and the date went pretty well. But after that, all I could feel was someone taking advantage of me. And I knew it was from my past trauma, because BF was always responsive and kind. But he was really fucking horny. Like every day or twice a day. And I would feel so guilty and fearful for having flashbacks or chills when he touched me, I didn’t say anything. In fact I gave the best performances of my life for months. I was obviously letting my mental health issues dictate my life at this point and started getting help. My therapist focused on setting boundaries, we had a couples session, and we worked hard as a couple to learn new boundaries around sex.  I tried so hard to explain how my ptsd and eating disorder affect my life, but he’s so neurotypical he thinks I’m talking down on him like he’s not “woke”. He says things like “try your best” and “you can do it!” all the time when I am trying to simply break down for a second. I feel guilty for not appropriating his comments. In regards to sex- he knows the meaning of no and how my no touch zone can get bigger when I’m feeling icky. But sometimes all I can remember are the times I was hurting and having flashbacks and was too frozen while he was okay and having fun on me. I got the idea in my head that he somehow knows I’m uncomfortable and likes it. I am involved in my abusers court case which will take even a year longer. I am trying my best to provide this need: he says it’s one of his love languages, but feel like blue balling him is almost like I’m abusing him and myself.