Me 40f and my fiancé 41m have been having problems in the bedroom for a year now.. We used to have sex all night long and I’d cum multiple times and I could hardly get him off.. I did everything in my power to get him to cum... Then I found out he was doing meth and he said it doesn’t make him cum just makes him feel good... I don’t believe,that either he came before  he or I got home from work, like in his car on the way home or he’s not in to me sexually... He said it was meth that made him send pictures of him to a guy on tumblr and a guy and girl on Snapchat and he doesn’t call it cheating cause he doesn’t know the guy on tumblr and said the girl he just played a game with her... anyways know he’s clean and he cums fast now and doesn’t help me out and doesn’t give me foreplay to even get me wet.. everytime I’m on top or moving he goes down.. tonight he did again I was on top after I gave him a blowjob and he went down a flipped me on my stomach and I could tell he was going to cum and I said not yet and he stopped moving but he came anyways it was to late... he stayed in for a while and I was rubbing trying to cum and then it fall out and I keep going and I say you can touch me she won’t bite you... he says your touching it.. so I stop he grabs me and starts kissing me and asks what’s wrong and I say your not in to me.. he says yes I am I came and I cum... then yes maybe cause it’s midnight and I’m tired. I said it’s not always midnight and why didn’t you say something earlier and he said I did at 8:00 when I said you want to go in the house and asked me want I wanted to do watch a movie and the movie we was watching is on the roku stick in the living room and I said we’d have to take it to the bedroom and he said the kids aren’t here.. so I took that has we’ll watch it in the living room? We watch it go to bed he gets in the shower and then takes a pill to get and stay hard and he still doesn’t stay hard with me... when we are he was done and we are fighting over sex he tells me he doesn’t wanna have sex with me anymore cause it ends like this and him feeling bad... I said then we might as well me friends if we are not having sex anymore...