I guess all this I’m about to say will some up that I am just an insecure person. I can’t seem to figure myself out well. I’m in a almost 2 year relationship, it’s been well so far. The problem I have is overthinking. This overthinking gets to me pretty bad. I will make up negative scenarios in my head involving my boyfriend. An example of a scenario is him cheating or something like that. I just can’t stand the fact that there’s females out there and he can find someone better like that in an instant. He loves me very much just like I love him and he has reassured me that I am his soulmate and he would never do anything to hurt me. I just let my head get the best of me. Sometimes me thinking of him interacting with another female irritates me to the core and it’s so bad that I let my anger get the best of me. It explains why I’ll be irritated at him for no reason. He doesn’t understand that. He rubs it off as just my personality. Sometimes I wonder if I’m just too crazy for him. When we’re not together I constantly think what he’s doing, hoping he’s not doing anything stupid. By stupid I mean like ruining our relationship over some dumb stuff. I despise it so much when he goes out to the point where one time he went out with his friends and I just lost it. Even though he texts me the whole time no matter where he’s at, this time I just lost it. I was so angry with him and all I can say was “You didn’t ask me if you can.” I was just going off. This was the only incident of a situation like that. Now he asks me beforehand but he doesn’t mind at all.  Sometimes I feel as if I’m overly obsessed with him. Recently what’s been bugging me to the core is something that happened recently. A few days ago or so he was at work and well I was on the phone with him. While on the phone he asked his co worker a playful “what is up with you.” That was it. He then after questioned what’s his next task at his job to that co worker which is a female. I remember reminding myself don’t get irritated. After awhile on the phone he playfully once again interacted with this co worker. Where he told her “fuck off.” And laughing. And some other dumb phrases he says to everyone. This really ticked me off and that’s when I told him, “honestly I’m going to go to sleep I’ll text u later.” And he was questioning why and he was just confused on why my whole mood switched. I just remember going off on him that night for no reason. Swearing at him to shutup and leave me alone. Once again he just assumes it’s me being grumpy because I haven’t slept or my period. He brought this situation up recently as we were tripping on acid. I was afraid the truth of where my irritation came out that day would come out. He questioned me, “why were you irritated that night? It was cause you haven’t slept. Or was it really that.” I wanted to tell him but I was afraid I’d come off as clingy, insecure, jealous, crazy, you name it. I just said I was sleepy. And now today, present day, I’m sitting in bed typing this after an hour of ripping off the skin of my fingers due to overthinking that situation. Currently I’m in my irritated mood towards him, ignoring him as we speak because of that situation. I constantly get irritated at him because of my messed up head. I know he’s gonna get sick of it one day. It’s hard to control myself. He works tonight and I just can’t stand the fact he’s cool with a female co worker. This isn’t the first situation of my irritation. One more this is that I honestly hate the fact he’s been with other girls before me and has done things with other girls before me. The mention of any of his past ticks me off so bad but I have to act like it doesn’t and just laugh with him at the dumb thing he brought up that relates to a random conversation we’re having. It drives me crazy that I don’t have his passwords because I want him to know we have trust. But my trust issues are something else. I wish he felt that way if only then he’d understand me.