Ok, get it out the way. We're young, dumb, and it's puppy love. It's not real, we need to grow up and get it over with and move on. Now that that's out of the way, I need some actual advice to help me decide where to go next. We had been talking heavily for a couple months after quickly becoming friends, and keep in mind, we're a couple states away. After we initially met online, we started spending a lot more time with each other, breaking down barriers and building some back up together. Having so many things in common, learning about each other and enjoying every little thing about each other. Having experience in past relationships and learning from those, it was amazing having someone I could openly communicate with about anything and everything, and I gotta say that putting my pride away to make things work in spite of our differences, disagreements, and arguments was why we were so close with each other. She made me come out of my shell and turned things that I absolutely hated about myself and other people my favorite things from her. We never made our romance an official relationship, but if a duck doesn't quack, does that mean he's a dog?  We had stopped talking the first time after a couple of months due to her not being comfortable with having sex due to her being a Jehovah's witness. Now I have nothing against that, but I told her it wouldn't work out due to me not being comfortable with being in a sexless relationship, and I don't know if I could even manage a two year relationship (my preferred comfort zone before entering marriage) of no sex with someone I'm in love with. Especially after expressing multiple times that we couldn't wait to spend time with each other so we can hold each other, cuddle, and other cute things on top of sex. It wasn't something I was aware would be a problem, but I felt as if I had been taken advantage of since in her mind, her not having sex before marriage was something she had always believed and only told me about the day before I was planning to visit and spend a couple days with her, even after expressing that she was very excited at the thought of making love with someone she loved. Ouch. After about a month of just being awkward but great friends, one night I was very drunk and she was on her period and very emotional, and we confided in each other that we still both very much loved each other, so we decided to start talking again. I told her if she had a problem with having sex with me during the dating phase, then I would need to now right then and there, and if what happened the first time were to happen again, I'd leave. No questions asked. Fast forward an \*hour\* later and we sink RIGHT back into the old habit of love. Laughing, smiling, ecstasy, love, and lust. Well, to make things short, it happened, again, so I said goodbye, and left. I haven't talked to her since. She says she really tried, and I think she did, but I can't help but feel led on again. Here it comes, the moment you've guys been waiting for. I've never felt like this with anyone else. \*and then everyone clapped\*, but seriously, I actually haven't. Maybe because it's the first time I've been a fucking adult and met someone else who also had the same viewpoints of communication, being open and honest, not being angry and leaving because "I don't feel like arguing" but everything was so damn perfect. Well, not perfect, but that's the thing, it didn't matter. It wasn't perfect, and that's what was so perfect about it, I loved what i loved, and loved what I hated, because it was what made her, \*her\*, and made us, \*us\*. I guess what I'm asking is, should I say fuck it and jump in and make it work and wait till marriage? A couple years seems like a good trade-off for the rest of our lives...