This is going to be a long complicated post but I hope you can bear with me. I have been with my gf for almost 3 years. We've been long distance the entire time. We're both 21 now and we met while playing a game online. To start off when we met both of us were in a bad place mentally she was worse off than I was. She's been through a lot over the years and I would like you to keep this in mind before you give out any thoughts. She has low self-esteem, has add, a bad relationship with her family, depression, is highly sensitive, and ptsd. When we began dating it wasn't the healthiest relationship out there she was in a dark place and I put her before everything else even myself. That was the first mistake I would always be there for her no matter what giving her constant attention when she needed it. I did everything I could for her and it drained me out. She has gotten better at this. I managed to convince her to go to therapy and she did and she's become a much more mentally stable person. She also has extreme anxiety and fear about working. She isn't in school either. And it eats away at her. I try to be as supporting as can be because I know what the feels like I was also terrified of getting a job but I had to get one and it worked out for me it helped me out with my anxiety. It's been 3 years and I've only seen her in person once for about an hour. We don't Skype or FaceTime or call each other on the phone. We can't. She can't. She isn't comfortable in her own home. She hides any form of her personality from her family. Nobody in her family knows we're dating. I love her and I just want to see her we both know what we want and that's to spend the rest of our lives together. So I've tried to convince her to get a job and that just started problems of it own but eventually we worked it out and she agreed unfortunately all this covid 19 stuff happened and we figured it be best if she waits till this ends. The problem I would say I'm having is that I've had depression for a while. I've managed to maintain it but it's been getting out of hand. Ever since my dog passed away it's been getting worse and worse. I'm in a very dark place. I can't afford therapy right now or else I would have gotten help already. I've been highly irritable. Our relationship isn't the same anymore. She's improving so much and I'm just getting worse. Every now and then she has a minor slip up of her past self and it infuriates me. I don't know why . I hate myself I hate getting angry at her for something she can't control. I hate how I can't be supportive anymore. I love this woman with everything inch of my being but everyday gets harder. Sometimes it feels like the bad outweighs the good. I know communication is the key it's how we've gotten this far but somehow it leads to a bigger mess and she starts blaming herself for stuff and I rather keep quiet about stuff. I don't really have friends neither does she we're each other's only support system. I'm tired of being a terrible person to her. I just don't know what to do anymore. Any advice or thoughts would be helpful. Thank you to anyone reading this