Ok, so me and this friend met here on Reddit, last month, actually during a time I was battling a terrible depression and feeling extra lonely. We immediately connected through music-- talking about our favorite bands and sharing music with each other and soon I developed feelings for him, despite stating that I wasn't looking for a relationship in our first conversation and I can't help but feel like I made a mistake because even though it is true that I wasn't looking for a relationship...he began dating someone and I wasn't ok with it. I don't want to damage the relationship between him and his girlfriend in anyway, I'm more mature than that, it's just that I didn't expect to fall for him and to have him not be available when I had the courage to tell him how I really felt(which he was very mature and understanding about, by the way). Just 2 weeks ago, I had decided to take a break from our friendship to psycho-analyze myself and what it is that I *really* want, and while writing in my diary and simply asking myself psychological questions about myself, I was able to realize that I don't want a relationship...it's my daddy issues that are causing me to feel this way towards him. My father left me at a very young age and I had soon begun talking to older men(pedophiles) online whom I thought loved me and now that I am older and no longer attracted to men much older than me, I tend to fall quickly for men who show me compassion with no strings attached, who truly care about me and my feelings because I never got that from any man in my life -- not even my father. And I also am very lustful and tend to have frequent fantasies about this friend but I don't want to! I just want us to be friends but recently when I decided to get even more honest with him a few days ago because he said that he wanted me to be, I blatantly told him that I wanted to "f\*\*k him" and he, of course, rejected me but wasn't rude about it, the only problem was that he had to go on and say this, "We do have a connection, I've always felt this type of tension, and maybe if neither of our romantic lives workout, we can become a thing" ... and that just gave me this sense of hope that is obviously unattainable, because he's a kind-hearted person and I'm here thinking that his girlfriend would be dumb to leave him because from what I heard from him, she's equally just as mature and kind-hearted as he is so she **must** know that she's got a keeper...he was just being nice to me within that moment \[I forgot to mention, that these conversations were all had on discord -- this is a not a psychical relationship\]. I don't want our friendship to end, we're good friends but I need advice on how to get over my feelings towards him.  It's killing me.