It’s an online relationship (5 months now), we both have our own trauma and we’ve bonded through that. He can be incredibly kind and caring but then completely shuts off for weeks at a time. He recently told me on my birthday that he’s still recovering from his last relationship (he’s mentioned his ex at least 20 times) and that his girl friend told him to tell me that it’s not fair for me. It really tore me up because he’s told me he’s serious enough to fly to see me, but then tells me that I’m too into him. He’s the one saying things I’m not ready for, then he pins it on me. He also says a lot of things that make me feel bad about myself but one of my friends says it could be a cultural thing. He’s said my boobs are too small many times and joked about surgery or me gaining weight for him. He’s said I have a Jewish nose (I’m Jewish). He’s said a bunch of really small side comments like, you’re so immature or dumb or just laugh at me (not in a funny or nice way). He likes « brats » that he could tame sexually, and admitted to having a rape kink, which I mean fair enough, I was kinda into it (because I like ropes), but I just don’t know how I feel about it to be honest. I feel like he never really tried to console me when I cried about the abuse I had from my childhood and that when my mom was progressing (cancer) he tried to make me horny literally while I was crying. I feel like he never takes my trauma seriously. He also told me that he didn’t want me to get hurt by men anymore because it’d infuriate him knowing someone else took advantage of me (didn’t mention about how it would hurt me emotionally). He doesn’t like my childhood friend who I’ve assured many times is absolutely nothing but a brother to me and doesn’t like me going out to parties or having guy friends. There are so many other things, but they’re too private and I feel like I’m already disrupting his privacy by doing this. I’m sorry. I just don’t know what’s right and wrong in a relationship yet but I feel like this is very wrong, but he’s so nice most of the time. I really like him, we vibe well together, just sometimes he makes me feel like complete shit.