I am at home (in another state, let’s just say NC) visiting away from school (let’s just say in CA) because I came here before the stay-at-home orders were put into place and things got particularly bad and travel was strongly advised against. However, my lease for my apartment in CA ends at the end of the month while I am here in NC. I am fully aware of all the risks associated with traveling but at this point I do not have a choice as I need to return back, pack all of my things, clean the apartment, get my car, and move out. There is no leniency for rent or move in dates at my complex even with the pandemic (they are owned by a corporation, big surprise there’s no help there) so I need to get back on a plane and fly back to CA despite the risks associated with it, as I cannot afford to leave my things there and get charged fees for leaving the place a mess and being late with move-out fees and possibly ruining my credit. My boyfriend and I originally planned to fly to CA together next week and pack my things, move out, and drive my car back home to NC. We were going to take full precautions (what we could on a plane) as I had to do what I could with the situation provided. Yesterday my boyfriend left to visit his mom and a few buddies (which I asked him not to do multiple times just to limit exposure as my family is severely immunocompromised, but we came to an compromise which was fine by me as long as he isn’t coming back and exposing my family) and we agreed next time we see each other we’d be going to the airport to fly to CA. During his visit with his mom she lectured him for two hours on why he shouldn’t go and why I should hire movers, leave my car there, not clean the place, and get charged those fees. I told him he didn’t have to go if she was that worried, and that I could go alone because I can’t afford those fees and I already paid for both of our plane tickets so I’d already be footing the bill for that, which is fine, it was only around $200 or so which sucks but at least he’d feel better. His mom DEMANDS I don’t go because it’s just money (that I don’t have, as she’s extremely underestimating the costs of all of this) and that I need to stay here. Meanwhile she has no issue with my boyfriend going to see his 5 different friends. I don’t have the funds for this, and I don’t even feel comfortable allowing strangers to move my stuff anyway. Then he told me his next plan was to “social distance” with his buddies (who are not taking precautions and are not sanitary people to begin with) and that he wouldn’t drive me to the airport. His mom is fine with him hanging out with different people every day, but when I need to do something essential, I’m at fault. Now I have a problem because I’m screwed as I have no way of getting there and I had to cancel BOTH of our tickets so I’m out $400. I told him if he was really about to social distance with his friends after I begged him to stay here that I was done. Because it doesn’t make sense to abandon me and leave me with no plans of getting back to CA, while also hanging out with friends and adhering to no guidelines if you’re that worried about the virus. Apparently, he showed that message to his mom and to retort she called me emotionally abusive (because I didn’t want to be with someone who showed no care for my health or my family’s). Mind you this woman has been misgendering her other transgender son for over a year at least and referring to him as her “daughter,” so the thing she called me holds no weight coming from someone who’s been emotionally abusing their own child. The whole time she is lecturing me on the phone, we are on speaker and my boyfriend is hearing EVERYTHING and says nothing to correct her tone or arrogance when speaking to me. His entire family has a horrible habit of speaking down to me because of the way my boyfriend (now ex) enables them to. His mom has a BA in political science, while I’m currently getting a medical doctorate degree in graduate school. The way they speak down to me upsets me incredibly, as they have no regard for hearing what I have to say or how these consequences affect my life. This isn’t the first time his family has disrespected me, and my boyfriend does nothing to correct these behaviors and allows them to treat me with complete arrogance. Am I the one who’s overreacting for wanting to be listened to?