Hey sorry for the format but I’m at a loss of how to handle this situation and thought reddit could help, forgive me if I’m on the wrong subreddit. For some background I live about 3 states away from my immediate family (older brother and mom) we’ll call mom M and brother B. For some background my family has always been a bit unstable and unpredictable as far as housing and jobs and things are just a bit chaotic all the time in a bad way but I still love them and care about them deeply. I just want to see them safe happy and healthy. So currently my mom is jobless and couch hopping, she has a tendency to try and start businesses and then they fail, she’s been bankrupt many times, etc it’s a lo  story. My brothers been an addict but on the recovery road as far as I can tell which I’m extremely proud of him for, and he just recently started working for a friend with an AC company, he also lives in the mother in law suite of the friends home. My mom recently was kicked out of her last living situation and is temporarily staying with my brother. She also has two Boston terrier dogs she’s had for over 10+ years. The owner of the home owns two unfriendly pitbulls that stay inside most of the time. This is important for the story. Today I called my mom on Easter to wish her a happy Easter only to have her crying in distress about the fact that somebody who was in the larger house accidentally let the pit bulls out while my mom was letting her two Boston’s out to go to the bathroom. Of course the dogs start fighting and it gets really really bad, nobody is out there except my mom screaming trying to break up a 4 dog fight so you can obviously imagine the rest. She tells me what happened and that my brother is taking the Boston that got severely injured to the vet and she’s going to urgent care because her hand and arms got really messed up trying to break up the fight. I’m here a few states away, on Easter, trying to figure out how I can possibly be supportive at all and I just feel awful inside. I was always the support system in my family and the rock and I left because it was always too much chaos and not healthy for me, but now I always have this underlying guilt of leaving that they can’t take care of themselves and it’s my fault when bad things happen because I’m not there to protect them. (I’m the youngest by the way) I don’t know how to support them from far away or how to be part of my immediate family without getting so involved that I get hurt too. On top of it I feel responsible for them and still care about them so much it hurts a lot to hear about anything bad happening to them. I’m worried years will go by and I won’t go back home enough or I won’t be there enough and then my relationship with my immediate family with crumble and only be memories but I don’t know how to integrate myself I to their lives in a correct manner either. I’m hurting because they are hurting but I also feel helpless and it’s a reoccurring feeling and I don’t know how to handle it.