Hey guys I'm just about at my wits end with my own mind, I'm so sick and tired of my brain running amuck when it comes to my partners past. My partner self admittedly went through a promiscuous phase in her past, and even tho I have tried with every ounce in me to look past it, I am CONSTANTLY feeling something when I look at her past IG posts with other dudes (which there are a ton of, she says its because she grew up having dude friends), or when she'll pull up pics of other dudes I haven't seen before on their birthdays on snapchat or whatever. I don't have a lapse in trust about her going in cheating on me for a second, I just cannot help, no matter how hard I try, to not feel, I guess jealous or even angry when I see these posts. I constantly flood my brain with these questions of like "well did she hook up with this dude, does he have pics/vids of her, am I just a passing fling until someone comes along?" along with other really demoralizing questions. It brings me to the brink of tears, as I feel like I love her so much but theres just something in me (that I know is wrong of me to think in this manner) that I cannot control when it comes to her past flings or posts. We've gotten into 3 arguments about it, because I put up a defense and shut down when I see them or if she mentions another guy from her friend group or past. I really want to not constantly think about this when I'm with her (its worse when we're apart, but when we're together I feel it impedes me from fully enjoying the time. This is not an all the time feeling, but more than usual.). Its gotten to the point where I don't even enjoy sex between us, as I always am running these thoughts through my head. I feel like such a terrible person even thinking about these things and allowing them to harm the relationship, but I just cannot get comfortable with it I've tried and tried to push the feeling away, but I feel that all that does is bottle it up until it comes to a head. Its really hard to completely explain fully the feeling I get, I just want some advice on the matter and to help ease my mind ): I really wish I didn't think this way, as I truly do feel I love her, which is why I am constantly looking past these instances, but as soon as I'm alone with my thoughts about it, I dive into a rabbit hole of doubt. Please aid me in this situation if you can, its running me ragged and exhausting tf out of me. ):