Background story. My bf and I were together for 2 yrs, then he broke up with me trough the phone when I moved to the country where he convinced me to go while he was still away, completely breaking my heart. Fast forward 2yrs, he moved to my current country, we hit it off again, have been dating since summer. I'm no saint, I know I can be controlling and when he wants sth completely different I usually try to negotiate. He has major issues with communication. We agreed to meet up today. I'm already on my way when I read, he wants to cancel it cause he's feeling sick. I'm feeling sick too, but send a text how about we skip the planned shopping and just go to his place drink tea and watch Netflix and tell him that I got him a massive amount of food from work. Try to call him. He doesn't pick up, ok, cause I know he has to deal with some bureaucratic stuff in an office. I'm at the train station where we're supposed to meet. He texts me he's really sick just wants to go home. I try to call him, text him that even if we don't hang out I want to give him the food, otherwise I'd just throw it away. I ask him via text why wouldn't he answer the phone and remind him that I hate texting. I'm practically begging him to let me give him the food. He texts back that he doesn't want to argue with me, that's why he wouldn't pick it up. I wouldn't have argued with him, but this attitude that he wouldn't even try to talk pisses me off and hurts so badly, I just wanted him to say a few kind words cause our date was cancelled. I have recently talked with him about where I needed to be more understanding, but he wouldn't even give me the chance when he thinks I'd just argue. He broke my heart and I gave him another chance. It hurts really bad, that he treats me like an enemy and not his partner. Then of course I texted him how hurt I was he said he'd call me but I said I didn't want to hear him telling me how bad I was. Btw, when he was looking for a new place he stayed with me for 2 months, he gave me some rent contribution though. I brought him food almost every day from work to ease his expenses.