I have been working at my job for over 3 years now. We met about a week in to me working there when she trained me and I have been in love with her since then. Ever since then we have talked every day for hours. I can be just stare into her eyes while she talks and I’ll be having the time of my life. When we clock into work the first thing we do is tell each other about anything interesting that happened since we last spoke and Thought the day we just talk and talk while working. Sometime we run out of thing to talk about but neither of us want the conversation to end so our talks have gone into very random things just to keep them going. Every time I see here I can’t help but smile. I love everything about her. The way she smiles. The way she talks about something she like or dislikes. The way she talks about the past. The way she talks about the future. the way she laughs. The way she doesn’t care what others don’t think about her. The way she puts on a cute voice and face when she is asking for my help with something. The way she listens to me and is actually interested in what I am talking about. How beautiful she is. Even when I’m outside of work she is all that I think about. She text me on my days off just to see what I am doing. And on days she does not come in to work I am sad i miss her until I see her the next day. I have even turned down job offers at other companies because of how much I will miss seeing her beautiful smile everyday. Now I would have asked he out already but one thing. She’s happily married with kids. And I and really happy for her because i know she is happy with her husband and the life she has right now. But i can’t help but wonder if she fells the same about me. Now that you know all that, should I tell her how I feel or should I keep it inside and be happy with the amazing friendship that I currently have. Now I don’t want to be a home wrecker because that’s kinda messed up but she is just so amazing. Sorry if This is too long but I have never told any one about this and i don’t know what to do.