So I (24) fell in love to a woman (23) that I've met april of 2019, we've talked a lot and known each other so well like all friends should be then at the mid of September of 2019 I started to catch feelings for her and decided to wait until before her birthday (which is kinda ridiculous). So I wrote a letter for her telling that how much I appreciate her being by my side all the time and how thankful am I to meet a girl like her and I also confessed to her my feelings in that letter, so the day after she read my letter she text me saying that how she also appreciates me etc... and things got a little out of my plan. She said that she can't see me as a potential partner and that I deserve better and I'm too good for her, so that time I've accepted it (1st acceptance) that we are just friends. Then a month or two later she started to catch feelings for me and she confessed at me in my birthday (which is the best birthday gift that i received), we have mutual feelings for about two weeks then after that she started to act cold and overthinking a lot. So we got to talk and she said that I'll be having a lot of problems because of her (because I'm such a jealous person) and I'm such a futuristic thinking person (I planned many dates and gifts for us, and I don't know what I'm doing that time because I was too excited) and she also said to me that she misses her ex which I'm supposed to ask her when she confessed her feelings to me but I forgot that. Then we had a 2 month break with no communication and all then one day my friends said to me that she misses me as much as I miss her which results to texting her back again and eventually catching feelings again but this time I have a competition with another guy, so for the first 2 weeks of talking again to each other we are so sweet that time and decided to give each other cute nicknames again, and after that two weeks she told me again that she still misses her ex again (which is so ridiculous) and she is not ready again to commit into a relationship, then I said that I wouldn't leave her alone and I'll handle all the pain just to be with her. Until now we are still talking as friends again (I still have feelings for her). But this time I have a competition with a guy which is her friend and he also admitted having feelings for her, and now I'm always overthinking of maybe she gave him a chance and betrayed me again or they have something going on together that'll hurt me so much because I keep seeing that guy tweets that is maybe about her (idk if it's about her or other girl) and they look happy and also some time I'm starting to think that maybe they are always at call every night because sometimes she doesn't reply to me but she is still active and also that guy is also active and they also go off together. Please any help on my current situation? I know it's so complicated but I just can't stop thinking about her and I can't accept the fact that she will be with another guy.