Last Friday, there was a huge college party. I(19M) had invited the girl I had been seeing to the party. We have been casually seeing each other for three months and have explicitly stated that we are not exclusive. At the party, I hung out with another girl. I was with this girl for most of the remaining night. We did make out and apparently the girl I was seeing saw this happen and got upset. The rest of the night was hazy but I know I didn't 'hook-up' with anybody. I left the party with a mutual friend and went home. I immediately realized that I must've hurt this girl. I texted her and told her I wanted to see her and talk to her. At this point I had sobered up. She didn't respond so I went over to her dorm. This wasn't something stalkerish, we normally went over to each other's dorms. When I got there I knocked on her door a couple times but she didn't respond. I tried calling her once on snapchat but she then unadded me. Her friend from a couple doors down came up to me and told me to leave and never come back. I left. Her friend then texted me later saying she would make sure I never saw this girl again and that I should stay away from her at all costs. I was super confused as to why  she was being so protective. Had I done something wrong? The next morning, I texted her saying that we didn't have to go through with the plans we had made for that day and I said she can take the time and space she needs but I needed to talk to her. She didn't respond. She still hasn't responded. That day went absolutely horribly, I couldn't stop thinking. I reached out to the girl I had hung out with at the party and she was grateful that I checked in on her. She said that I was with her for most of the night and I just danced w some other people but was with her for the rest of it. I was confused and I hoped someone would tell me what was going on. I assumed the girl I was seeing had just been upset that I was with another girl for the whole party. My closest friends had been with her for most of the party and said that she was a little upset but apart from that she was okay. Yesterday, I found out that she thought that when I went over she thought I was trying to be aggressive and was scared, when in reality I was just super anxious because I really liked this girl and didn't mean to hurt her. Then slowly I started hearing different parts of the story. These were things I didn't remember from that night. Apparently, I had been super drunk and was trying to dance with a bunch of people and one of these girls didn't want to dance with me because she didn't want to disrespect the girl I was seeing since they were friends, and I kept insisting that we weren't really together, so mutual friends intervened and sort of steered me away. I tend to get a lot less inhibited and more excited about dancing when I'm drunk. I thought this was understood at parties. But the girl I was seeing, without having spoken to me or confronting me decided to post a 'PSA' on her story about how she wasn't upset that 'someone' had hooked up w someone else but that that 'someone' made a lot of people feel unsafe and scared. That 'someone' was obviously me. What bothers me the most about this was that she didn't talk to me about this and didn't have somebody else talk to me about this. I had to learn this from MY friends who tried to find out what was going on. I am not opposed to taking responsibility for my action. But it hurt when this girl whom I really care about and who I thought cared about me would go and tell a bunch of people that I was being predatory without coming to me first or even asking my side of the story. I feel so betrayed. Worst of all, I'm an upperclassmen with leadership positions, so it feels like she's just trying to slander my reputation to get back at me for getting hurt. It's not that I don't fully believe what I'm hearing. I just wish that she had come to me to talk about all this first. TLDR; I went to a party where I didn't hang out with the girl I'm seeing and I feel betrayed that she is spreading word that I'm a dangerous character without talking to me or trying to hear my side of things.