I’m (26F) dating a guy (26M) whom I’ve had a history with. We dated when I was 22 and our 2 years relationship was full of fighting and at one point he choked me until I passed out. We broke up after but not because of that incident. I was fed up and I left. I then found out that he had cheated on me before we broke up because he told me after we have broken up. Presently, I’m dating the same man 5 years later. We met and I thought he was changed. But nope, same problems. He would check my phone to see who I’m talking to or if I’ve been cheating on him. And yep, he cheated on me again, this time it was with a coworker. They hung out around 12am midnight after we had an argument about him not putting up boundaries with his female friends and deleting messages between them.  His reason was that he didn’t want me to get jeolous. They drank and cheated (she had a boyfriend at that time). I was heart broken and I essentially played myself by giving him yet another chance. The physical abuse came again when my ex boyfriend texted me out of nowhere and wanting to meet up. My ex-boyfriend didn’t know that I was dating again and no I was not talking to him prior. My boyfriend got really upset and strangled me. Yeah, I should have left then but I tried to justify his behavior saying that he was drunk and upset. Lately, he has been very paranoid of me talking to someone else and cheating. I thought that maybe he was just insecure about himself so I offered reassurance and promised that I would never cheat. His paranoia got severe and one time we were hanging out, I decided to look at his phone ( I usually don’t) and he deleted some messages real quick before letting me see his phone. I expected that he would but still I was extremely disappointed inside my heart dropped. I could tell that he was hiding and talking to another girl. I looked at his contact and saw some numbers that he somehow got from his deleted Instagram and some new numbers that I don’t recognize along with a few numbers labeled as the same name and but with different numbers. I feel like it’s not his fault that he is who he is. I take 100% blame here because I decided to stay and continued to stay. I feel let down and my view of relationship has really changed. I feel disgusted at relationships and I cringe when guys hit on me because I feel that love for them is so temporary and they have no shame in betraying their significant other. I know that it’s driven by their biological instinct to reproduce but I truly hope that loyalty and faithfulness do exist and some men do have those characteristics. I feel hopeless and I already have 3 cats.