I have been with my girlfriend for more than 3 years now, and things are falling apart. The first two years were great, I felt that I have so much energy for her and that I set the bar a bit high with the romantic gestures I used to make every now and then. We both were Biology premeds so we helped each other out and sometimes studied together. Of course we had our ups and downs, after all both of us had no experience before. However, in the third year, I realized that I have neglected some of the people I used to hang out with, just because at first I thought that spending time with her all day was normal and something I should do. Even in the days where I didn't see her, I stopped making effort with other people, and worse, I stopped making effort in hobbies or interests I liked. I always used to tell myself that it is fine, the most important thing is that you found a partner that is so sweet and smart and not many people are lucky that early. However, at one point, I came face to face with my social anxiety and my lack of pursuit for certain things including books, movies, sports... I think that at this point the problems started, my attitude towards her changed. I started shifting my energy into other things; i never neglected her but I couldn't be that loving person I was at first, and not because I didn't want to or because I lost feelings, it was more that I felt comfortable in this relationship and I may have took things for granted, and thought to myself that you shouldn't neglect other things in life. I guess I could have made this transition seem smooth, but I didn't. I made her feel like she is not the most important thing in my life anymore, and more than one time she hinted me about that but I guess I was too into my world to do something noteworthy. Now we hit rock bottom, she says she doesn't want to leave me but I am pushing her for it and I was the one that lead her to that. She says that she never imagined thinking this way of me but she does now. I am telling her I will change many things and I know precisely what to change. However, each one is stuck at home due to the coronavirus and it is hard to show her change on the phone. For some reason I cannot be in control of the situation if I know she's mad at me, I cannot be the 'man' she always says she wants me to be. I do want to change and balance between my own life and her, because I truly love her and I know I messed it up, but I do not want to lose her. I know it's alot but if someone has an advice I would be thankful.