Alright so a little backstory here, basically I've been smoking weed since freshman year and have also experimented with xanax, lorazepam, and alcohol as well as doing shrooms around once a month. After reading that I may sound like a crackhead to you but the only thing im doing on a consistent basis is smoking weed. I realized that popping pills that aren't prescibed for you is stupid and alcohol is something I really only enjoy from time to time. My parents only know about me smoking weed however as I havent been caught with anything else, the issue is I get caught alot and its leading them to believe I'm addicted to weed. I understand where they're coming from as a parent as I also wouldn't want my kid smoking weed, the thing that bothers me is when they say I'm an addict or im going to fail at life because I smoke a few bowls a night to help with sleep. I've tried talking about it, not to try to convince them to allow me to smoke but more so just to try to help them understand. unfortunatley that hasn't helped so I'm left in this position where I feel bad going behing their backs but at the same time weed helps with my anxiety and sleeping and to be honest i just like weed. Another thing that doesnt help the situation is my grades, which are completley unrelated to my use of weed as I have never enjoyed school or fully applied myself even before I started smoking (Im still in the 70's but my parents are used to the A's in elementary school). The connection my parents are making is elementary I got A's with no weed highschool i get B's with weed leading them to blame the drop in me smoking but everyone knows elementary is a free pass. The main reason this is starting to get out of hand is because im being threatend with getting shipped off to my grandparents who are an hour away which means quitting my job (as living with my grandparents will be long term). Quitting my job could potentially mean a delay in getting out of my parents house which is something I want to do ASAP not because I hate them but because living on my own means my own rules. I guess all im trying to ask here is what should I do? I take tolerance breaks occasionally for sometimes up to a month and I know for a fact I'm not addicted contrary to my parents belief, so my thought is If im going to be legal in a few years (Canada) maybe I should just quit until then and cash out on some nice dispensary weed as soon as I'm 19 and living on my own. But the other part of me knows 2 and half years without any weed is going to be extremely hard because I really do enjoy weed. It also means worse anxiety which obviously isn't great and without weed I usually take 1-2 hours each night before I fall asleep which isn't a big deal in the grand scheme of things but it's nice being able to relax anxiety free and fall asleep in 30 minutes. The obvious solution is put weed down until I only rely on myself which I can easily do, but again, I dont want to. Just looking for advice thnx.