My fiance just started streaming on twitch a few weeks ago he streams 3 times a week 4 hours each stream he also takes online college classes I'm very proud of him he's doing so well in school he is on spring break currently. His office is in the basement and I'm 39 weeks pregnant and have extremely swollen feet plus just uncomfortable in general so i don't really go down there as much if hes playing or doing school unless we are playing a game together. I also should mention we are on basically opposite sleep schedules by time I'm waking up for the day hes climbing into bed. When he streams I watch him on average 45 minutes out of 4 hours well i started to notice that hes been streaming with his friends girlfriend which is a little annoying to sit and watch him play with another chick laughing and joking around for the whole world to see especially because the game they played i had mentioned before all this that I wouldn't mind trying to play it with him he just told me he didnt think i would like the game. So I think maybe it does hurt my feelings to watch him play with another chick. Well day before yesterday we had both went to bed super early so we had woke up early like almost 5 am and he said he was going down stairs to watch YouTube and i asked if I could come and he basically said he wanted to be alone. Which i totally get that we dont need to be with eachother 24/7 but we really haven't been together much we actually see each other a lot less with our sleep being totally opposite plus his streaming and school. So it did hurt my feelings a bit. But whatever I ended up going to my mom's house at 8 that morning just because i was bored and he didn't wanna spend time with me. So I actually ended up staying at my moms that night because he didn't stop streaming until like 11 that night and asked if I wanted to come home before he plays some more with his friends I just told him no because once again he wasn't planning on spending time with me. So today he wakes up at like 5 pm and hes being all short with me. Then he asks if i wanna come home before he starts drinking because all his friends and this chick are playing videogames again and theyre all drinking so he wanted to as well which is fine but again it was like he doesn't want to spend time with me. Which is fine he rarely drinks so thats not the problem it's that i feel he is becoming distant. I'm 7 days away from having our child and he would rather play video games then spend this little bit of time we have left with just ourselves. I don't mind him playing games at all but hes not making time for me. Ive been at my mom's house for two days now just so bored because he cant even talk to me because he is gaming. Am I being ridiculous? I feel like he's starting to be stressed realizing our son is about to be here but I need his support now more then ever I'm so anxious and scared i haven't had the easiest pregnancy and I have a new problem every week I go to the doctors. So when I'm just by myself of course all I do is just worry about what is to come for my delivery. Am I over thinking all this ? Should I just continue to give him his space ?