I started dating this guy before the whole quarantine thing. I really liked him and he seemed to, too. He asked me out, held my hand and all that sort of stuff to show he was invested in the relationship. When quarantine started he didn’t talk or text me for 6 days (I texted him once at the beginning) then he finally did saying his phone got taken up. Whatever it’s cool. We text for 2 days. Then again he stops. I text him the next day nothing. Wait a day. Nothing. Finally I say something along the lines of  I miss you, and don’t know why you’re not responding. He text back the next day saying his dad died which I later found out was sudden and he had to watch it happen. I completely forgive him and we start FaceTiming everyday. I fall in love with him and I’m 99% sure he feels the same. He tells me he loves me and wants me to have his kids I feel the same way. We fall asleep on call and everything is perfect. Then he starts getting weird again. Not texting me. He says he got his phone taken up again and he snuck it when his parents weren’t looking to tell me this. I don’t think he was lying about that. But then things start to get even weirder. I check his snap maps. Yeah I know it’s clingy and wrong to do but i really miss him. It says he’s been on the app 2 hours ago when I snapped him 17 hours ago and it still isn’t opened. This happens a couple of times over the next few days where it shows he opened the app but hasn’t texted me. He FaceTimes me once during those days. Still saying his phone is taken up and he was sneaking it. (This was at night so it was believable.) he’s his normal loving self on call. We talk he says he loves me. Nothing seems out of the ordinary. I was going to bring up the whole thing but didn’t have the courage. I mentioned it once though and it’s the same excuse. “My phone was taken up.” The call ends and I feel a little bit better. The next night I wake up at 1am and on a whim decide to check his map again (yes I know this is clingy and toxic and I don’t plan on doing it anymore) but it says he was active 2 hours ago. So now I’m wondering who is he texting on the app at 11 at night and why hasn’t he texted me. I message him saying I miss him and we need to talk. It’s been a day and he hasn’t opened the app at all. I’m going to talk to him about this whole thing the next chance I get. I don’t think anybody will read this far and i know it’s just petty high school relationship drama to most people but I really love this guy and would appreciate any advice or thoughts on this. I know I probably did some things wrong but this is one of my first relationships and I want to make it work but I’m not sure if he really cares and loves me or just needed support after his fathers death.