So I was supposed to be leaving my husband Tommorow ( well today ) and a lot has happened since I updated you. So In one of my updates I went into detail about how I basically poured my heart out to my mother in law. the reason why I did tell her because I just been so mentally exhausted with being a mom and the stress and fear her son has put on me..I just needed a friend and someone to talk to she told me she would help me but I honestly regret it because she has Made things worse..he’s been a lot more mean the way he talks to me... more controlling..he hasn’t hit me because mostly with reason of me being pregnant. But I’ve been trying to keep me and my kids distant from him so I don’t bug him while he’s watching tv or in his office just so I can avoid any conflict with him. So I’m pretty much raising 4 kids under 5 by myself which I’m just use too at this point. But then I was getting ready to go to bed and he just walks in and says “ we need to talk, you’re not going to bed until we get this out” then I just followed him into a different room where our kids can’t hear us because they were sleeping. He then just ask flat out “ why are you telling my mom that you want to leave me and that I hurt you” then I just simply just said “ because you do “  then he goes on a rant saying I’m jeopardizing his job and reputation etc a lot of just talking at me then a conversation. I finally just had enough and said “ I’m tired of getting hurt by you, I’m really scared of you and most importantly the kids are too.”  Then he starts getting In my face saying I’m “ you’re a dumb bitch you’re putting things in the kids mind” or “ if you act like good wife/ mom maybe I wouldn’t have to be the way I am “ then I just said if I’m such this terrible wife why can’t we have a divorce” he then just give me this ice cold stare and doesn’t say word for bit and then just says “ you’re fucking lucky you’re pregnant.” With that being said I’m leaving him tomorrow ( well today because it’s almost 1 in the morning). Since he’s going “golfing” tomorrow but it’s supposed to be a thunderstorm where I live so idk where the hell he is going. But it just makes me anxious because what if he is suspecting something and trying to catch me doing something? So should I wait it out or should I just go for it? Also another question my oldest which is my daughter she has small dog that we got her for her birthday it’s a Maltese..should i take the dog too or leave it? My fear is that she will have meltdown and freak out because she loves that dog.