 Long story short, but not really. So me (M26) and my Gf (F24) have been dating for almost 5 years now. We've had the same few problems the whole time. We never resolve any of our issues, and I'm usually the one getting screwed over because I'm the only one trying to solve anything. However, this January I recently got accepted into the engineering program at my local University. I've been going to school for the last 2 and a half years, but not at the university level, and not taking 6 classes like I currently am. Again, keeping this short (But not really), making good grades is extremely important this semester. The reasons are extensive, but mainly just for my own self-worth, and hopefully scholarship money next semester. Now that I'm extremely busy I stay at school the majority of the time. I've even stayed through the night a few times to study and to get away from her. Don't get me wrong, I'm not perfect, I've made mistakes, but I try my best to make amends. She's a completely different story, but don't get me wrong, she's one of the most selfless, loving, and caring people I've ever met. Unfortunately, she has another side to her. She like many women has her moments of unpleasantness. The problem is she never feels any sign of remorse for it. I know how this sounds, but I've had to teach her what's fair and unfair in a relationship. The first year I spent 3 months explaining why I don't like it when she talks to her ex. I've spent months and now years trying to explain what bothers me and why, but apparently, she just forgets them? Because I've honestly explained some things at least 30 times by now, maybe more. Yet she still asks why this and why that. The thing is when I try to explain why this or why that, we never get anywhere because she denies doing what started the situation in the first place. So, then I have to explain that to her, and by the end of it I'm begging her to understand, but she just goes silent and unresponsive. This bothers me every time even though I know it's going to happen because she gets angry by the end of it, and even mean. I know I should probably just drop it, but the situation is never resolved. I can wait an hour, a day, a week, a month, and she'll do the exact same thing that bothered me the first chance she gets. I'm numb at times, and other times I'm distracted with Projects, exams, etc. It's not all emotionally based either. I like most guys in a relationship want to please her, but I try and try (5 years later btw) without much luck. I try different things, I try different approaches at different things, nothing. I ask her what I can do before, during, and after, and get numerous responses, but nothing that ever makes me feel wanted. She hardly ever initiates it, and for the few times she does, in her mind, it's all the time. Then when I'm tired of being rejected, I watch porn for a lot of different reasons. The funny part is after she's turned me down a few nights in a row, I'll watch it and she'll walk by and assume I'm doing it and get mad. I don't think I’m an unattractive person, and I'm fairly fit because of my running obsession. I also love to just please her most of the time, but she usually (like 90% of the time won't let me). I have no problem lasting a while either because she usually just wants me to come already. I'm basically just mindfucked all the time about sex never really knowing if anything I'm doing is right. Now I usually just stay at school and study most of the day and get home around midnight, if there's stuff I need to finish, and she finds a way to get mad at me for that too. I've gotten to the point now that I'm in school I just don't really try to explain myself anymore and just go to class. Ironically, now she continuously says she's leaving because I don't listen to her. I know it's wrong, but I know what she's going to say (because I've been through this enough times), and I can't really listen to it because it reminds me of why I hurt so much. I'm sure most people would say just leave, or if you're not going to try what's the point? Well, rent for one. I don't want to work this semester, so I can focus fully on school, and I want to be with her, but I'm kind of hoping she'll eventually realize why I act the way I do. I just don't know how long that's going to take. I know it's a bit late in the story, but I have talked to other girls during my deep, dark moments of depression, and I know I should've just broken up with her, but I don't like giving up on things. My intentions were purely to distract myself because I don't really talk to anyone emotionally but her. However, in a moment of regret, I was explaining what was wrong to a woman I met online, and things got a bit out of hand. Just to be clear though, we never met, or anything just talked. My girlfriend found out and hasn't let it go since. I know what I did was wrong, and probably even worse saying I did it because of how lonely on the emotional level, she made me feel, but I did. I'm cutting this short because I have a lot of stuff I need to do this weekend, and my question finally got answered on Chegg!@!@!@!.Please pardon my complete trash grammar department. I don't do the writing, just the maths'. Any ideas on what, if anything, I should do because I don't mind living with her because I can just go to school. She doesn't share my viewpoint, and she says she can't focus on school while living with me, even though she's only taking two classes.Both of which, I've begged her to let me help with.