So, basically I have known my boyfriend since I was 16 years old and I'm now 22.   All we had ever been was friends and then best friends up until we started dating.  But, before us, he had either slept with or been involved with romantically as with with 7 of my friends.  He had only been "talking" to 2 of them, the rest were just hookups back from our teen years.  I just can't seem to not let the fact that he's been with SO many girls and I know basically ALL of his sexual history bother me. Like,anytime I think about it I get so worked up and upset.  Then the flip side is, he shot his shot with me numerous times in the past and I'm sure he just gave up at some point before we ended up becoming anything, but I still can't help but sometimes think like, "damn, he wanted all my friends before me," or I can't not let it bother me that he had feelings for at least one of them at one point or thinking about them sexually together I just cringe and start to cry and I just feel so grossed out and sad and hurt. I know it's kind of irrational but like, I don't know how to not feel bothered by it....what if I just can't get over it?  We have been dating for almost 4 months now and I have truly never cared for someone more.  I think being super close friends before being in a relationship did have it's benefit in the way that I have never felt more connected with someone or understood by someone in my life.  I want to be with him more than anything I just wish he hadn't been with so many girls I was friends with... but I guess that's on me right because I always rejected him whenever he tried. And now I'm only really slight friends with like one of the girls so they aren't in either of our lives at all.  And this man truly is always here for me and has assured me over and over again that I'm all he wants and I'm the only one he's ever felt this way about but I don't know, maybe it's just my past of constantly getting cheated on that makes me doubt it I don't know.... I just feel so gross when I think about it all and I just don't know what to do or how to get over it.. someone help please and tell me what to do and how to think please:(