So my girlfriend and I have been dating for a few years and I really don’t know if I want to continue dating or not, and would like some advise. She literally cannot apologize when she does anything wrong, she will deflect and fight to make it seem like she’s innocent and you’re the crazy one. It’s so exhausting. Anyways, I asked her a question earlier this afternoon and she had her ear phones in and I guess faintly heard me ask a question and wailed her arms in the air and said “what!” In a rude and condescending way. I promptly asked her what her issue was, and she flipped out and said she doesn’t have one- not a big deal, whatever.  but If I were to do that to her all hell would break lose, and she would get an apology from me, and hold it over my head for a while. It’s not like she was doing anything important either, she was drinking and watching some reality TV show and I was getting ready to go on a run and wanted to invite her. She’s overweight and I’ve been trying to get her to lose some weight (I suggested we both go on a diet) so I have been on this shitty diet for like a week and I am already in shape because I take care of my body unlike her. Anyways, I’m sitting here on the couch thinking and i just don’t know why I’m putting up with this. I have done a lot for this girl and supported her through a lot and I feel like I get held to a much higher standard than her. I brought this up to her and it turned into a pointless arguing match. She’s impossible to argue with because she’s so stubborn it just goes in circles. I’m really debating dumping this woman, we have been together for 4 years, and I’m sitting here thinking to myself how tired of her I am, and all these stupid little fights that ruin my night. I would like some advice, should I approach her and let her know why I’m concerned? She would turn it around to why I make her act that way, and how this situation is somehow my fault. what should I do, should I break it off? Had Anyone else been in a similar situation that can provide me some guidance? Thanks!