I’m 19F my bf is 24M we’ve been dating for 8 months. My bf is black and white not entirely sure because he hasn’t met his real parents ever. His adoptive parents are both WHITE and live is some racist lil town in Connecticut. He’s told me plenty of times he didn’t feel like he belonged in the family growing up, how he got bullied in majority white schools, and how he even struggled with depression for years and tried to commit suicide. Personally I think white people should not adopt black kids because they cannot relate to them or really understand what we go through. I sometimes wonder if they adopted two black kids to makes themselves feel like good allies. Their first solution to everything is therapy n antidepressants but he’s tried it before and said that antidepressant were making him alter his perception of reality. When we first started dating he masked his depression so well n so did I. Once I found a letter of his ex in his room that’s when the spiral of problems began and he opened up about his depression. I found many things of his two past ex’s throughout his room and it’s caused fights many times. He got rid of majority of the shit cause he saw I was upset but I would still find little things of theirs around and it would make me lividddd. I still feel like he loves them even the one who was his abuser. He’s had so many pictures of them both on his phone at the top. and I’ve asked for him to delete them if he wasnt holding onto the memories he said he deleted it, but lied,  I went on his phone like the crazy cancer I am and found them still there. I’ve always struggled with my own insecurities and trust issues and fear of abandonment, but this shit with his ex’s is hard for me to understand cause I know he hasn’t healed or moved on from either of those relationships. Ever since I found that letter from his ex in his drawer over the summer it triggered tf out of me and just brought back all those feelings of doubt and disappointment when my ex’s betrayed me and I haven’t been able to fully trust him since then. And I’ve just been getting angry at everything that seems like it could possibly mean he’s fucking me over WHICH IS JUST A NEGATIVE WAY TO LIVE AND THINK. What is a relationship without trust right? We’ve both been burned and just want to love on each other but it’s not going to come easy I know :( we both have to heal internally and face the fears we don’t want to in order to love each other unconditionally. I’m a black woman and my bf passes more for his white side than black side and it’s really hard for me to relate to or see him as a black man. Even though I’m Afro Latina and we’re both considered mixed :/ I know it’s not fair cause he doesn’t know his full ethnicity n shit either so I know he struggles with how he identifies himself too. But he  grew up with a wealthy family and they have given a lot to him n still do help out with a lot of shit he’s says he’s aware of his privilege but sometimes I feel like he isn’t rlly aware and doesn’t utilize it in a way to help himself or our community which is kinda sad. He doesn’t want to go through the journey of understanding his depression and how to live a healthy life. And he def doesn’t want to face childhood trauma or how he feels about his tea mom. When we get into arguments he’ll says things like I’m not gunna live for much longer anyway or I wish I had the courage to kill myself and I be sacred af when he says that stuff. Sometimes things get violent too and it’s just really hard to see him get so angry and go through all of this.I want us both to be the most healthy happy versions of ourselves. I feel like I’ve picked up on a lot of his behavior and traits and also the dynamics of my parental relationships and it’s just been very unhealthy for me and my relationship. I’m blabbering but I don’t talk about this in detail with anyone who would rlly listen so it feels good to let it out