My wife and I are both 22 and have known each other for less than two years, we have argued many of the days we’ve been together, and that “spark” people talk about, is absolutely gone and I’m not quite sure if it was ever there in the first place. I have been depressed for a few years and have been quite disassociated that it was fairly easy to stay and deal with her. I regret staying with her so bad and wish I started my family with someone else. Now we have our beautiful boy and I wouldn’t trade him for anything else. I have had many conversations and arguments with her regarding  our whole relationship such as sex, gratitude, and affection. And she has proven time and time again that she A-okay without any of those. I worked day in and day out to get us our own home, food and clothing for our family, and never once had she hugged me and said thank you. I have discussed with her that I want her to show affection and humor, more so be comfortable with me so she can do it on her own. She doesn’t care to laugh, cuddle, or be best friends. She has said so many times that she will try to change but never a peep of effort. Bless her heart she could be so sweet but has a lot of anger inside and is a very bitter person. It’s a dead bedroom and a dead relationship and she is STILL fine with it! I feel like she could live the rest of our lives like this. I didn’t even get to completely know her before we had our baby. I know a lot of posters will argue the pregnant ordeal, but hear me out as she was worse before she conceived. I’ve suggested experimenting in the bedroom for over year and the bedroom only became more dead. We are such different people and even though things aren’t VIOLENT AND PHYSICALLY ABUSIVE, or out of hand, I still can say I do not love her like I used to and love her more as our baby’s mother. This sucks and I wish it didn’t have to be like this, but I am so depressed and anxious that I have to live my life with a partner who I don’t even love and even she has once stated she doesn’t feel much for me either. I want to get out but don’t want to deal with divorce, international custody battles, and all the sadness. But I can say that I want to be the best father ever and would take the baby full time if the mother didn’t want him. But of course I would share too. I wouldn’t want to battle. Anyways sorry for ranting but would honestly want some advice because I am completely lost. Thanks.