To start, this has been ongoing since freshman year. When I met my counselor during freshman year, he took a liking around me and began doting on me. When it was lunch, he'd try to make conversation since I sat alone at the time and approached me when he could. I remember certain events when he'd invite me to his office to eat his lunch. Maybe because I looked timid. But I knew that he took a great amount of interest in me. During junior year, I broke down in front of him because of how overwhelmed I was mentally due to my low self-esteem and lack of social skills (which he pulled me out of class and pressured me into talking when I said I had a bad day ONCE). Now he literally will not leave me alone unless I make the conscious effort to hide. If he sees me, he'll yell at me and expect me to yell back. If I don't, he makes me come to him and lectures me about how this is better for me.  There was another incident where he pulled me out of class in front of everyone just to talk about how he thought of me ALL vacation of me talking out loud, and that he was proud. Then just a few weeks ago, he starts this shit again by making me stay in the office longer than my other peers during something that was mandatory for all of us. I cannot express how stressed I am right now. He does not make me better. Everytime I see his face or hear his voice it makes me want to vomit. I have had nightmares of him. Everytime I see him there's a huge pit in my stomach and my heart beats so fast I swear to god I could have a heart attack. I don't like this special treatment and I wish he could stop. But I'm scared that if I confront him, he'll just pull me out of class again and make me talk in his office alone. And I don't know if it's useful, but he has a reputation of being the only school employee of dress-coding girls and making students stay in his office when they're sick (instead of the nurse's office). I know he's trying to "help" me, so am I just overreacting? What the hell do I do?