I have had a very very awful dating situation in my life, and it’s mostly my fault. I had a gigantic problem with objectifying girls at first, but when I overcame my more sexual desires from girls, and wanted a normal relationship, I feel like that’s when the problems arose. The first girl I liked was in 7th grade, and I thought I liked her, but  my parents and my brother told me she was just saying that bad stuff was happening to her so I would comfort her. I defended her, but after a while and a lot of contemplation, agreed with them. The second girl I liked after overcoming my problem was in 8th grade, but I stopped liking her after my parents and my brother told me the same thing, and again I agreed after defending her. I thought that would be that, but now I don’t even enjoy her presence and actively avoid her. My first girlfriend and last girlfriend I had last year and it was a car wreck. I was over invested in making her happy, and she, though not on purpose did the same thing as the last two girls! Again, my family notified me what was happening, and I defended her, eventually caving and agreeing with them. Now I’m in my freshman year and I like a girl, but she does the same thing again. My reaction this time was to tell her to F off, and that I didn’t want to be her friend anymore. I know that wasn’t the right reaction, but in my eyes at the time, I was for once standing up for myself. My mom defended her, and my dad did too, so my reaction was to ask them why when I finally stood up for myself, they defended the girl. Now I get that they didn’t want me to be a bad person, so my mom made me apologize and make it up to her. To this day I’m still her friend and have feelings for her. From my experiences, my opinions on dating and girls almost at this point has become that they’re all liars, even though I know not all girls are like that. But I just wanted to ask if this is my fault for being to ok with how people treat me, or was I just really unlucky with girls? (Side note, the last girl is a decent person, she only did it like twice and on accident.)