To have this situation make sense I need a little background so I’ll try to be blunt. To clarify something off the bat as well, this girl does not get around. She needs to know someone for a while before she has intercourse. Anyway, I met her sophomore year of college and she still had a boyfriend. We talked for months and we openly talked about how we liked each other even though she was still with someone, but nothing happened other than a couple of kisses. Over summer we kind of stopped talking, then beginning of junior year she breaks up with her boyfriend and we literally hook up that night. Everything was good, we continued to hook up for about 2 weeks, then my feelings started to fade. I thought that I was addicted to the chase and nothing else. For the remainder of the semester, we would casually hook up but I was getting with other people as well and she did not like that. In no means were we in any relationship that would lock me down, so what I was doing wasn’t technically wrong. Flash forward to this semester, we start hooking up again and things are different. I have strong feelings for her, and she’s still has strong feelings for me as she always had. One night, after she had a terrible weekend (phone and wallet stolen) I wanted to make sure she had a great night so I was super nice with her and danced with her all night. She was very intoxicated and acting like an asshole but I just dealt with. I left her for a second to go to the bathroom and I come back to find her intimately talking to someone else and kissing them. Obviously hurt, I shied away from that scene. I texted her to meet me outside the club as I was waiting for her, and she was responding saying she was coming. After 20 mins of her not coming and no response, I went home solemnly. Felt terrible. The next morning she text me saying she felt terrible for being an ass to me and asked me why I left so early. I told her why which I explained above (because I was trying to be nice and I turned around and she was with someone else), and she told me to come to hers to make up for it. When I get there I asked her how she got home and she said a couple of friends took her home. The next two days were some of the best times I’ve ever had with her, including best sex, and we both told each other we love each other. After talking for some time, I come to find out that night I left the club early she took some random guy home to hookup with because she thought I left with a random girl. This absolutely killed me and still does. The fact that she invited me over the next morning after hooking up with someone else disgust me. Also the fact that she lied to me about it multiple times is so offsetting. One of her qualities that I was super attracted to is that she doesn’t just get with random guys, and that night she did after I was trying to be super nice to her. We were never exclusive, so technically she did nothing wrong. But it really does hurt. I do still love her, and she actually cried over how bad she hurt me, but I don’t know what to do. I just keep thinking this is what I’m going to think about every time someone ask how our relationship started. I’ve definitely hurt her more in the past, but right now we feel completely different about each other then how we felt before, and it’s gut wrenching to say the least. What should I do. Keep trying or get away? I know this might sound dramatic, I am a dramatic person, I just don’t know where else to turn. Thank you.