My [29M] girlfriend [25] decided she wants to stop having sex. We've been dating for 2 years and from the start I felt that we were extremely sexually compatible, and I thought she did as well. We talk about getting married, and a couple of months ago we went and looked at engagement rings. So this is a serious relationship. We talked about sex a lot in the past and how we both felt that we were extremely sexually compatible. The other day I sent her a whimsical text about having sex which is something we do all the time, and she replied that we can't have sex until marriage. I assumed she was just kidding, but then she said it again a few days later, and finally the third time I said something because I finally realized she wasn't kidding. I told her that I thought it was unfair for her to make such a big decision without talking to me about it, and I asked her why she's made this decision. She sort of avoided the question but eventually said she's been "soul searching", but she snarkily added that she didn't realize she needed to "consult me" first when making personal decisions. That really hurt because I've never asked her to consult me when making personal decisions. The only reason I did in this instance was because it's something that effects me as well. She also said that relationships aren't all about sex which didn't make sense to me. We don't live together and I only see her at most twice a month. This isn't my choice. I want to live together but she doesn't because her family wouldn't approve, so I live with it. We see each other so infrequently because she's in college and works part time, so she doesn't really have time for anything else. So if she thinks our relationship is all about sex I just can't figure out how she can think that. I'm not texting her every day asking her to come over for sex. We have sex every time we see each other, but it's something we both wanted. To me it sounds like she just said that to make me stop questioning her. Just to be clear I'm not opposed to us not having sex. I don't agree with it because I feel that sex is an important part of a relationship, but if she had a legitimate reason I would be ok with it. I just can't get her to tell me what prompted this change. I think something is up and I can't figure out what.