My husband and I don’t have a very intimate relationship. We get along pretty well; we have a blended family of 5 kids from our previous marriages and one together (now ages 3-14.) We don’t yell or have a bad relationship in front of the kids; but I feel incredibly empty and lonely, always. I’ve always been a very sensual person who’s loved passion. He is pretty much the polar opposite, always has been. Some friends were telling me I was crazy (for this reason) when I first started dating him 8 years ago; I think what drew me to him, though, was his goodness, sense of humor, and responsible stability. But all these years in, and I feel more desperately lonely every day. He couldn’t care less about sex; I could have it twice a day every day. Even when we do have it (maybe 1-3 times a month) it feels like another task on his to do list (he’s a very respected person at work with a lot of serious civil responsibility.) Though it’s nice to at least have some physical connection, it’s unbelievably unfulfilling; it may be 5-10 minutes and he’s never actually touched me in passion; just gets on top and gets it done. We are also pretty much polar opposites when it comes to deep emotional relationship; I’m a deep thinker and he doesn’t care about much other than his job and football. When I spell these things out it seems ridiculous that we are together.... but here we are. I don’t have a real reason to break apart our marriage and the life we have built together (and it feels like it would be incredibly selfish to put the kids through that at this point,) yet I feel that I am missing out on life with every day that comes and goes. Sometimes I just want to die for it all to be over. On better days I just feel like I want to get out there and have a new relationship, but the thought of cheating or hurting him doesn’t feel right, either. I feel so unhappy (I’ve been severely depressed for 5 years and have finally found meds that allow me to get through the days, but still am so sad about this lack of passion in my life,) but I can’t figure out a solution. I so desperately want to feel loved and to find someone to have an intimate relationship with, both emotionally and physically.... but the thought of upheaving the lives of the other 7 people in this household doesn’t seem fair for just my happiness. Does anyone have any advice or an option I may be missing?