I’m not sure what to do, I’m not the best with talking and explaining my feelings to people. Long story short this man I’ve been seeing for about a year now won’t ask me out. We’re still technically just “friends”. Even though I’m at his house usually 3 times out of the week every week. I want him to be my boyfriend, I want to tell him I love him- because I do. It’s just so hard for me to express my feelings and communicate well because I have pretty bad anxiety and feelings of insecurity and doubt all the time. I’ve tried talking to him about it, and he kind of got mad. He told me he was afraid of commitment, (his brothers told me he’s been hurt and cheated on by a few girls he loved in the past). I started to cry, cause I’m just emotional. He seemed kinda sympathetic but was a little passive aggressive, saying- “what? Do you want me to change my Facebook status or some shit?” Which made me cry even more. I told him no it’s fine, he hugged me. But that was it. I told him sorry for being upset and that I understand how he feels. I don’t know. I don’t know if he wants to be with me. I’m confused. I know he likes me... He has to right? He pays for me all the time and cuddles me. We usually go to parks and stuff but we lately haven’t been able to because of the winter. It bothers me that he never asks how I am, or texts or calls me. I have to do that first- always. He hasn’t asked me to hang out, maybe a few times when we first started talking but now it’s just me asking. He texts me memes sometimes. Rarely. He does occasionally tell me he appreciates me. I trust him, he’s never done me wrong or gave me a reason not to. I’m just questioning a lot right now. I just wish he’d tell me he loves me or ya know, at least ask me out. I’ve talked to him about how I’m always the one to ask him to hang out, but he just told me that he never thought about it and how he assumed I would always be the one to ask. He talks about moving in together or even just getting a bigger bed for where he’s at now. Am I rushing or pressuring him into asking me out? I just feel like I’m not, how could I when he’s talking about moving in together.I know I already said this but I’m confused. I need some advice please, thank you.