 so... theres this girl i've been really interested in for a while now she's exactly my type, she has no faults. we both admitted to having mutual feelings towards each other around 3 months ago, around 2 weeks later i had dropped her for another girl (yes im aware of how fucking stupid i am) due to her wanting me to wait a month or so before we could go on a date because shes never been on one nor done anything with anyone. to me at the time i felt like she may be wasting my time so i chose another girl over her. fast forward 3 weeks (its like january 7th now) i had come crawling back and she had said we could see what happens but what i did will be on her conscience. now fast forward to now, at start of the week which was a monday she had friendzoned me by saying 'i enjoy your presence as a friend' (it was brutal lmao) then we talked normal for the rest of the night, tuesday and wednesday she wouldnt msg me she'd only reply to my snapchat stories and leave me on read when id reply back. then comes thursday the day before valentines day and she msgs me asking why i wasnt at school, i told her why and then said i was suprised she noticed (because we dont talk at school) she told me she wasnt sure at the start then noticed throughout the day. then she would try to get me to say things like which girls i found good looking in her year level which i found strange. and she had said something about a guy who was nice to her at school but she didnt know his name which is lies our school is so small she knows everyone and everyone knows her. she concluded our conversation by saying she better see me at school on friday, i told her she might see me if shes lucky, she said i have to be there because its valentines day and that i better be there. next day i saw her crying i approached her and as soon as i did her face glowed with that beautiful smile of hers and she gave me her full attention and honestly sorta just ignored that her friends were next to us, she even told our favourite teacher that i was her valentine. we havent talked since friday its now sunday and im honestly stuck i dont know if shes playing hard to get or what