I was best friends with someone for about ten years, and we met at ten years old. It’s been over half our lives now. While growing up, we literally were like siblings. One of the only people I could ever be myself around. These last couple years, she hasn’t put any effort into our friendship. She started dating someone new right before she stopped trying. She very very rarely texts me back, if she does it’s usually at least a day later. When I confront her on this, she goes, “but I’m never on my phone!” which would be a valid excuse, if she wasn’t on her phone literally 97% of the time when we’re hanging out. Like, she’s constantly on her phone, right in front of me. The real kicker for me was she completely forgot about my 21st birthday. Her 21st birthday was about a month before mine, and she planned  to celebrate with other people, which is fine. So I texted her at midnight on her birthday, something I’ve done for her for about ten years, and she ignored it until two days later. I swept it under the rug, until my birthday came the next month, and she completely forgot about it. I confronted her and told her I didn’t want to be her friend anymore because this is really harmful to my self esteem. She begged and pleaded that I PLEASE give her another chance, so I thought, “okay, maybe she does care.” but this was over six months ago and she has shown no effort in our friendship. I texted her the other day saying, “I miss you so much. I was talking about you today and just miss you a lot.” aaannnnd she didn’t text me back for a whole day. It’s completely fine to not be on your phone very much. But the issue is, I know she’s on her phone because it’s literally all she does when we hang out. I love this person and we were such great friends for so many years. But they keep breaking my heart with how she’s  treating me. I ended up removing her on all social because I really don’t want to do this anymore, or even be reminded of our shitty friendship. Am I being too dramatic?