From the very beginning my bf (17M) was very invested in our relationship. I (16F) told him at first I didn’t want to be with him due to my mental health and anxiety but he told me he would wait as long as he had to for me even though I wasn’t interested and he would NOT get the message. After weeks of chasing me I gave in and went on a date with him. It was my first date so I was very nervous but he tried to make me comfortable. Soon enough he became my boyfriend. I met his family who are really nice and he met mine. Everything was great I thought. I had lost my virginity to him very early on in the relationship. (To be clear this is my first relationship and due to mental health issues I barely left the house so I didn’t do much socialising to realise time frames and boundaries). I thought it was normal but now  I’m not so sure. He lied about so many things in the beginning like his virginity and made up stories aswell but he came clean. Everytime he came to mine it would turn into something sexual. Yes sometimes I initiated it but hes over almost everyday and I did this everyday. I don’t believe he was using me for sexual favours as he always says I don’t have to if I don’t want to and he’s not in the relationship for the sex he’s in it for me but I don’t feel I can say no. I would have to pay for most things because he didn’t have the money so now I don’t have a lot of money left. I would say “I have food in the fridge” but he would want a takeaway but I’d have to pay for it. Hes really unmotivated and lazy at times. He dropped out of school and just stayed at home for months doing nothing until I told him he needs to get his act together. Even when he’s at work he tells me he sits and does nothing and is always late to work which to me shows no work ethic which is an important personality trait to me. He tried to restrict me from doing certain things like drinking with my friends (which my parents are alright with and I’m responsible) and I shut that down right away. He will talk about his ex’s but I can’t bring up another boys name? He sleeps all day (he is still sleeping right now at 8:30pm) and stays up all night. I’d also like to mention he is overweight which is alright but he will complain about it and refuse to do anything about it because he “can’t be bothered” yet I have been recovering from an eating disorder and manage to stick to my diet in order to keep me healthy despite the pain and huge amounts of anxiety. Maybe it’s not the same I don’t know. I like to excercise everyday, go to the gym and take long walks but he would rather stay at home and watch movies or play video games which is ok sometimes but not always. I made some mistakes in the relationship I will admit and it made me feel really guilty so I wanted to make it up all the time (I didn’t cheat to be clear). I feel like me as a person is growing and improving myself and taking steps to be happy and get to where I want to be but he won’t. In the future I think he will only hold me back and I’m not so happy anymore. I love him still and I’ve never been with someone who supports and loves me unconditionally and as much as he does but I need to see the self improvement (not weight wise to be clear it’s not about the weight). I don’t know what to do because everyone loves him.