I (F19) started dating this guy (M21) when I was a junior in high school (over two years ago) and he was in his second year of college. (We are from Michigan) I was 17 and he was 19 when we met. I was immediately drawn to him, and so I suggested we hang out. We had a lot in common and we officially started dating about a month later. We dated for 10 months. It was an amazing year with him, but we broke up November of 2018. We broke up because he wasn’t able to give me the reassurance I needed and he had lot of family stuff going on and wasn’t emotionally available. I suggested we shouldn’t talk and give each other space but of course we were close and told each other everything, stuff no one else knew, so we eventually fell into talking again. We used concerts as a way to see each other. We even camped out for shows even in other states together. We always have the best adventures and conversations together. No I’m a sophomore in college and he is a super senior at the same university. There were times we would hang out a few times a week this school year and have a lot of fun together, if anyone would have seen us, they would’ve thought that we were in a happy relationship still. I talked to him multiple times about getting back together but he said he did not have the time or energy for a relationship right now, but that he cared for me a lot and wanted to be in my life. That didn’t make a lot of sense to me, because we were back in a relationship in every way, except the label. I would get upset and stop talking to him for a couple days or weeks, but the cycle would start again. One time we even decided to be officially exclusive with one another but not “dating”, so I know it’s not that he’s seeing or is interested in anyone else. I’m trying to break the cycle, but I also don’t want to because I do love him. Its been a year and 3 months, and I’ve tried dating other guys but nothing’s the same as it is with him. We went to a concert together this past weekend and I tried to be strictly friendly but when you have a past like ours it’s hard not to fall into habits and feelings. I’m emotionally exhausted from this never ending cycle, and I don’t know if it’s worth holding onto this little bit of hope left for us. But, I also can’t see myself with anyone else, I’ve tried so hard. I’ll accept any advice, please.