My boyfriend and I have been dating for the past 2 and a half years and recently he has opened up to me about there being "something missing" in our relationship and that he feels that the "spark is gone". This conversation happened over text message last Sunday night. Then, Monday night I asked if we could go to the gym and talk things through, but every time I would ask him he would just say "I don't know..." and that he just needs time to think. He also expressed to me that because of our relationship, he feels "unmotivated" to do things through out the day which really doesn't make sense because he has never communicated  to me how he feels about anything. I asked him if we could work things out, and he never really gave me a solid answer. Then, on Tuesday he admitted to me how he never really felt 100% in our relationship and that he just kept telling himself that things were going to workout.  Later in the day, he asked me how I was feeling and brought me a new coffee flavor that i mentioned wanting to try although I said it's okay (meaning that he didn't have to). Then, one thing lead to another and I just wanted to feel close to him so we had sex but by the end of it I was crying because my emotions got the best of me. He stopped and told me to "come here" and he said he doesn't want me thinking that all he wants is sex from me and apologized for the stuff he said over text message earlier and he told me that we can work things out while wiping my tears away. Yesterday was his birthday, and we spent the day together. He said I love you a bunch of times to me and he also asked me if I wanted to go out to dinner with his family. Then, we went over his house for cake. My question is, how do I remind him of the good times between us? (For example, over the summer we went to Poland together and he introduced me to his family there....) I think he's just afraid of the fact that we've been in a relationship for so long and we never really fight about anything major, so it kinda seems almost too perfect in a sense)