Either Instagram or in person I always feel like my boyfriend is looking at other women. It started a year ago when I went through his followers and found him liking/ commenting on other girls posts it hurt my feelings so bad I couldn’t believe he was talking to other girls like that I couldn’t help but as if he was actively pursuing other women. We talked about it but he never really apologized for it I got over it though it stop happening as much and then completely. It felt good to not constantly search through his Instagram. Unfortunately we took a break 4 months ago for a week he then proceeded to pick back up the following/commenting/liking of other women. I felt like he knew how upset it made me and was rubbing it in my face. Once we got over the break it slowed down but never fully stopped. Everything was going okay and I had just gotten over the fact he was going to do it no matter what i said until last weekend I went through his followers and saw he had spammed a bunch of random girls :(. It broke my heart I started to hate the way I looked and couldn’t help but feel as if I wasn’t what he actually wanted and was just settling for me. I contemplated confronting him so after three days of waiting I did. He freaked out and got all defensive throwing back everything I’ve ever done wrong in the relationship and basically the argument wasn’t valid because of what I had done wrong in the relationship. We cooled off and semi talked about but when we were out the other day at dinner an attractive women walked by in a sundress and my boyfriend watched her walk all the way down the streets I never said anything I didn’t want to attack him or start the fight back up because it wasn’t going anywhere. Things haven’t been the same since I think about it all the time I’ve even picked up working out because of it. I love him and myself but not the way his actions have made me feel. I’m just wondering if I’m overreacting or letting him walk all over me. Please send help & options.