So to start this off Iv been dating my girlfriend for 3 years now and we have been solid. There have been ups and downs but we always come through and work it out. 5-7 months ago I decided to enlist in the army and leave this July. She put on a happy excited face and has been supportive but she hates the fact I’m leaving. Obviously anyone would but so to get to the point. She has been short with me ever since and putting walls up. Whenever someone is leaving or something happens she puts walls up and tries to x the person out of her life. It’s like her defense mechanism to try and not have to deal with the pain of them leaving. I get it but she has been distant towards me for months. She lies about saying she supports it and I called her out. She admitted she doesn’t want me to leave and will miss me etc the usual stuff. Recently as of 2 days ago she wanted to break up, go on a break/ take some time for herself to figure things out. To give a bit of detail on that she has been very sad and depressed over her parents divorce some years ago and holds onto it very heavily and carries resentment towards them because of it. This added onto her commitment issues makes this a very interesting situation. She holds resentment for people who leave and as me being one leaving has began to build resentment towards me. She has some issues she needs to work out for herself and she said she needs time to figure them out and solve them so she can give me her full 100% and all. She doesn’t want me to leave and her be rocky in the relationship because that would lead to a bad ending. I understand this and it’s just been really hard to deal with all this and try and help her as much as I can. I love her and she loves me we both have been through so much and been such a strong honest loving relationship. The advice I want is how can I help her overcome her issues? Is there a way I can? Is there anything I can do to give her peace of mind before I go? Should I just cut bail and accept my losses and grow from the experience? There are lots of options and I personally want to work it out and try and make it for the long haul. I just want others input or advice on any steps I can take or what they believe is my best course of action. Thanks guys and gals!