20m So I just met this girl (we will call her Jen) at a friends (and her Sarah) kick back and well at first I wasn’t really that interested and my friend was trying to me to go home with Jen to sleep with her and after I explained that I didn’t want to have sex because of some personal stuff (I was recently taken advantage of while I was drunk) and i genuinely don’t like having meaningless sex anymore it’s lost it’s appeal. Sarah told me Jen would love to just cuddle cuz I explained that’s all I’d want to do. A few more shots in me and I asked if she wanted to go home a cuddle, yes I actually asked that. She said yeah and we went back to her place. We talked and talked and it was honestly so amazing getting to know about her and she asked me why I really wanted to come home with her and when I said I didn’t want sex and after a few more shots explained why to not to her she was so understanding. I’m honestly just so awe struct. We eventually after 6hours or so of just talking made it to her room we’re we cuddled and talked for a bit and she seemed genuinely interested in me it made me feel great, and it honestly went the direction of sex so naturally I thought I was ready for it so we went for it and then I got triggered and couldn’t handle it anymore and said that to her she got so scared she forced things and I tried telling her she didn’t and Idk if she believes it. But yeah I stayed the night anyways and the next morning was very awkward as I sat at the counter for about 20minutes awkwardly before telling her i was leaving. Her roommate texted my friend telling her how awkward it was and that it was clear something happened. She walked me out and hugged me and kissed me goodbye and said see ya later. I’m not gonna lie I wasn’t trying to find a relationship out of this and I don’t think she was either but after talking to her she was just so amazing I could see myself happily with her. I just have terrible social anxiety and I don’t know how to ask her for her thoughts on the matter please help?