So I met this girl on a dating app about a month ago when I was lonely and suppressed my feeling with casual sex on apps such as tinder or bumble. We flirted around a little bit over Snapchat and I eventually invited her over to watch Dracula on Netflix. Needless to say neither of us enjoyed the show all that much and eventually we ended up having sex before she headed home. We talked a little more, and eventually started seeing each other a little more. We both still live with parents so I’d go pick her up, we’d drive up a mountain, talk and laugh, have sex, cuddle and talk some more from 12am-5am and she made me feel more comfortable than I have ever felt around another human being. After one of these nights, we talked and I asked if she ever wanted to take things further to which she responded that she’s been hurt before and though is nervous about things, is willing to take it slowly. We met up again for another one of these car trips and we bonded even further, I dropped her home with a “see you next time” and things were awesome. Over the past week, however, we’ve talked less and less. She won’t open my messages for hours and when she does the responses are blunt; “sorry I’ve been busy” or “I‘ve been really tired”. The most jarring thing recently is when we were talking about maybe calling eachother for a chat if we were busy, to which she said yes - I asked for her number which I’ve surprisingly not yet asked for and she said “I don’t really like giving that out, sorry”. This one sentence had thrown me off entirely and made me doubt my situation even more. I’ve told her I want to see her again and I want to talk some time but I can’t help but feel she’s distancing herself from me and it hurts really bad. I have a 12 hour shift at work tomorrow but I’ve messaged her saying “hey if you’re awake early enough to catch me before work, I’d really like to chat because I miss talking to you”. I don’t know if it’s the right way to go about things but I am stressing so bad that I’ll go bald. I can provide more context if requested but I just want some help feeling things out because I am that into this girl. What should I do or say to make the most of my situation?