So my boyfriend and I have been together only 2 months, and we ran into my ex boyfriend (from high school mind you!!) at a pizza place. I was with my boyfriend, and my ex was with a new girl. It was a hi and bye interaction. What I find really strange though is how my boyfriend would not stop talking about him. (My ex is 6’4, and probably 180, and is really muscular) After asking general questions, he asked me something that completely threw me off guard. He asked if my ex’s dick was bigger. To give him a little bit of credit, he did say it initially as a joke; “god damn homie was huge, his dick was probably the size of a school bus Hua?” Even though it was stupid, i just laughed it off then later, he asked me explicitly, if my ex’s dick was bigger. (It is) I thought the question was really weird especially because He’s older than me, I thought it was just really insecure and immature. I never answered the question, I just kept brushing it off. Faster forward to last week when my boyfriend thought it would be a good idea to ask me if I’d like to try and incorporate toys in our sex life and I’m all for it, so I agreed. Then he made it a big deal asking me which size dildo I wanted. He kept making little slick comments about how  I’d want a really big one, so I decided to just let him pick it out to avoid seeming like I have a size preference. It’s arriving tomorrow, and I heard him on his gaming headset with his friends say “if it’s big and she’s moaning a lot, that means she loves big dick, and if she’s quiet, that means she’s taken big dick before and it’s nothing to her.”  I think this is weird as fuck, but I’m not sure if him talking with his friends about something that makes him insecure is such a bad thing to a certain extent. I wasn’t even supposed to hear that conversation. I really do like him, and this is the one and only thing that Is making me feel uneasy about the relationship. I’m not even sure what I should say if I do bring it up to either have a conversation about it, or break things off. I don’t want to be with a man who tries to put me to the “test” because he’s insecure. And what’s probably going to be most surprising to you all is that he doesn’t even have a small dick!