I've been seeing a guy off and on for about 3.5 years, started out with the agreement that it would be nothing serious because I was still living with my ex and coparenting. We stopped seeing each other because I found out he was sleeping with his ex behind my back, but told me that it was because I'm still living with mine so he couldn't trust me to know that I wasn't messing around with him. Fast forward, we started hooking ho again, going on dates, staying the night and weekends together, going on trips out of town, but we never agreed we were in a relationship, he said that he had feelings for me and we needed to talk but I ended up ending things before it happened because I had suspicions he was messing around with another chick and confronted her and she admitted to it. I also admitted to being in love with him. So, about 6 mths later he comes back and apologizes and says he wants me to move out from my ex and he can't take me serious until I do. I told him I'm not rushing for him or anyone because of how he's hurt me in the past, so we hooked up a few times and then things sort of faded. A few mths pass and I get a msg from his best friend that I need to contact him, so I did and agreed to meet up with him, we talked and he admitted to telling his parents about me and says we have the best chemistry and things are great with us, but he can't introduce me to them or take me serious until I move out. I didn't trust him, so that lead to a break again. Here we are AGAIN time and he texted me asking why can't we just be FWB, we get along great, flow well, and he hates dating. I agreed to it for now, because I haven't moved out yet. Moving out in approximately 3 weeks(he doesn't know). Should I go with the flow of things for now and see what happens or cut him off for good? I feel like I'm just the go to person when he's in between a relationship, but another part feels like he wants something more and only goes elsewhere because I'm not fully available. He's met my family and friends, my ex knows about him, I've skyped with his mom before, been there for him as a caretaker when he sick and in the hospital. Thoughts? I'm torn.