Hi I am a 16 year old girl and i am a junior in high school. Before quarantine I transferred to a new school and I started talking to this boy (he is also 16) who seemed to be really interested in me. We started dating in October and my friends were always saying that he was a bad person and that I shouldn’t trust him. I know i should listen to my friends but i like to give people a chance and he seemed to be genuine based on how he presented himself to me. The relationship was really good at first until I started to pick up on how bad of a person he was. He was homophobic and really rude to others. He was constantly getting into fights and had sketchy friends doing sketchy things (gang related). I was trying to be understanding and maybe change him but these things didn’t really concern me until he started being sketchy with the relationship. When we were together he would constantly use my phone and search through my messages or instagram and he would let me use his phone. Since he checked through my stuff i assumed it was okay to look through his and asked for his my eyes only password for snapchat. This is the exact thing he said to me “my password is **** but just know you’re going to get your feelings hurt so don’t be upset about it”. When i opened his my eyes only he had nudes of other girls and i asked them who they were and he said some of them were ex’s or random girls. I asked him why he had them and he said “i show them to my friends bc they always ask me for nudes of other girls”. I don’t know why i let this go but i was so in need of love at the time that i decided to forget about it. When he told me about his ex he said that she cheated on him and that he hated her and that he can’t stand people who cheat so he never will. Cut to quarantine and he started to get very distant with me. Since we are in high school we live apart and communicate through our phones (We live somewhere in the eastern part of the United States). He will go hours until he replies to my texts and when he is on the phone with me he acts really distant and uninterested. On FaceTime he is always on paused and says that he is playing a game on his phone or watching youtube.  One day i took the time to check his instagram followers and who he follows and he follows a lot of beautiful women that post very provocative pictures of themselves. Cut back to before quarantine I had always tried to check his phone for things that didn’t seem right but he never had any women in his contacts or instagram dms but he did have a second phone that he talked about once but never really brought it around until his main phone was broken. At the time I was trying to respect his privacy and never checked through this second phone as I did the main phone. I know it may sound like i am crazy and he always makes me seem like i am because i truly believe there are other girls but i am not finding any evidence of anything. He never calls me first or say I love you first and that’s really strange because he used to do those things. The only evidence I do remember is when he had come over and i saw the name “goofy” pop up on his phone from snapchat. I also decided to let this go because it might have been a friend but i never heard of a guy calling his guy friends goofy. He also claims to still be friends with the ex that had cheated on him and supposedly hated. I also remember during school when my friend told me he had slipped up during class and said something sketchy in a “cheating on your girlfriend conversation” but they don’t remember what he said. When I look up advice online about if he is cheating I see all of the signs but I can’t find any evidence that truly proves if he is. I’ve been getting extremely insecure and hating myself because I can’t understand why he is acting the way he is. Because of this I created a fake instagram account so that I can see for myself if he is cheating but I keep realizing how insane that is and always end up deciding against it. Do you think he is cheating or am I just being paranoid?