So me(16, Male), and my girlfriend(16, female), we’ve been together for like a year and a half. “Relationship” should honestly be used lightly, because we don’t really do a whole lot that could actually classify us as any more than friends at this point. We both love each other, and as much as I would love to show it, she doesn’t. She says she loves me often, in big long text messages about how much she appreciates me etc, but never in any sort of physical way. I don’t think she’s even went to hold my hand. We’ve never even kissed before. We don’t even see each other that often. I start EVERYTHING. She’s expressed to me before that her family constantly tells her and makes her feel like she’s annoying, and that showing affection makes her feel like she’s annoying me. I’ve tried my absolute hardest, through words and actions, to show her that her affection would never be annoying to me. Still nothing. I don’t want to rush her into anything or make her feel uncomfortable, so I don’t push her to do anything. She basically uses me as a therapist to vent all her frustrations with her family as well. Every little detail from the past, present, and future that has hurt her is something I have to hear about and give her validation that she was not the one in the wrong. I’m happy to listen, but it becomes draining when every day she needs reminded that she’s not mean, she’s not annoying, she’s not undesirable, etc. It feels like she only likes me because I’m a good listener and nothing more, since she doesn’t really show affection at all. I don’t know how to bring this up to her because I don’t want her to blame herself for me feeling unsatisfied and unhappy in our relationship, and she won’t express to me if she’s unhappy in our relationship either. It doesn’t help that we’re in quarantine and it’s not like anything could be done if I mentioned it anyway. She’s not a bad person and would never purposefully hurt me but I can’t help but feel like our relationship is going nowhere and I’m slowly failing to see the point. I’m just really lost and I want to fix this but I’m not sure I can.