My friend “Rachel” (18) has been in a relationship with her boyfriend “Daniel” (18) for a little over a year now. Their entire relationship is very rushed and Daniel has made it an unhealthy relationship. They started saying “I love you” around 2 days after they started dating (at this point it had been maybe a week since they’d met). Less than a year into their relationship, he told her he was going to propose on her 18th birthday and they would get married before he leaves for the military. He didn’t end up proposing to her, but he still wants to get married before he leaves so he may do it soon. Daniel started to get extremely manipulative and controlling very quickly. He would take Rachel’s phone and block the phones numbers and social media’s of all of her male friends and even her male cousins. He demanded the passwords for all of her social media accounts and would log in whenever he wanted to read her messages, block new people, delete some peoples messages, and also message people trying to “catch her” doing something wrong. If Rachel even tried to suggest he allow her to do these things he called her controlling and a psycho girlfriend. He’s recently started picking fights with her for no reason and then blaming it on her. Tonight, their argument started with him blaming her for having an attitude (I saw their conversation and she was very chipper and happy to talk to him as she always is) and then once she got angry at him he said it was “just a joke” and got even more angry when she wouldn’t apologize to him. She’s tried to go on a break and even broke up with him multiple times, but every time he called her crying and accusing her of never having loved him. He’s even told her that he will end up hurting himself or getting someone else to hurt him (he picks fights a lot of has had several broken ribs) if she didn’t take him back. There’s a lot more that I can’t fit into this post. Im happy to answer any questions if you have them. I’m just sick of seeing my friend hurt and I would really appreciate some advice on how to delicately bring up the fact that this may be abuse.