My (23f) boyfriend (21) and I moved in together 2 months ago at his mothers house for the lockdown. We had previously planned to move in together and leave for a city a few hours away from where we are now, because I got into school there. But obviously that took a pause for a bit. Since moving in together, things were rocky for a bit. I started to feel off about the relationship, due to my boyfriend's untidiness, his marijuana smoking, and he started drinking a lot more. He has been using up the last of his vacation weeks so he's been stuck at home constantly and now he's officially been put on leave of absence. He also was dealing with mood issues which would cause some fights between us. And I've been feeling uncomfortable living with his family because I have anxiety and it's been close quarters. So, I've been on edge with him as well. I panicked and ended up applying for apartments in the town that we originally were going to move to. I got one and I signed the lease and hired movers for June. This didn't feel completely right because it was very rushed, and I'd be moving to a bigger city where I know no one to deal with the coronavirus for who knows how long. I'd be hours away from friends and my boyfriend. Since I signed the lease, tension has decreased between my bf and I and he apologized and explained that once we moved in he felt pressured to move when he knew he would want to be near his family. I feel like an idiot now because I made this rash decision without ever vocalizing my concerns with him and trying to work on things. Now, he and his family are expressing concerns over me moving so far away and my boyfriend doesn't want us to do long distance and he is hurt that I haven't asked him to move with me. I just didn't want us to work on things so far away from his family in case they don't work out. However, I don't want to leave him behind with everything that's going on. Also, I just heard that my university has moved their classes to online and so the whole reason for me going now is out the window. My friends seem to think moving is the best option for me right now because I'd need space but they don't understand how isolated I'd be. They all have someone to go through this experience with and I don't. My parents have passed away and I don't have family to rely on through this. This pandemic has been kind of triggering for me, because it makes me realize that I don't have a family to help me in emergencies, which is partly why I was trying to fix things too quickly when things got tense here. I feel like I ruined my relationship and I screwed myself over by hurrying with this apartment. I just want an objective opinion on this. I would feel safer staying where I am here and I would feel like I actually have a support system around me in case of anything. I think it would be more worth it.