Hi! So I’m having a real issue in my relationship. Me and my boyfriend have been together for 1 year and 6 months. I really fell in love with him as we got deep into the relationship. He has always been about me and has always loved me. However, we used to have small arguments because we used to always fight during my PMS time. And we used to say things we should not have but we always said sorry and made up for it. It was usually me who always said “lets break up” but I have never meant any of it. I love him for who he is all his flaws and perfections I have accepted it. We both saw our futures together and I always imagined him being with me in every step of my life. He is my best friend and I always want him to be the best at whatever he does. Before everything fell apart I went through a loss of child with him. I could not pick myself up from it. I did not want to stress him and I acted the way I did. I never told him fully how I felt about the situation but I lost everything through that loss. I lost myself and as I was finding myself again and trying to fix things he broke up with me two days ago... He said he wants to be alone and does not want me. He said I was too clingy, not Passionate or ambitious enough, I always do what I want to and don‘t consider his feelings, I’m childish and immature and being like with me is like raising a child and that his love isn’t there for me anymore and that I’m not the right girl for him and he cant see us together in the future, I’m not smarter than him and i am not his type anymore. I was never like that before my loss he knew i attained all those qualities and that’s why we love each other a lot. I love him so much and I really want to win him back. I’m willing to work on myself because i know i fell into a dark place but that one thing has left me with so much guilty. i wanna work on the relationship because i still see our futures together. I can still see the love in his eyes and when i touched his heart I could still feel it beating fast for me. i cried and begged him to take me back but he turned so cold towards me and essentially told me to fuck off. I know him inside and out and he’s literally my human and I know surely that I’m his human too. I want things too be normal again... I really love him... I have given him my heart and soul. i always had the tendency to scare people who loved/like me off because I always thought i was not worth the love. And i think i did the same this time... But this is a man I don‘t ever want to mess up with. I strongly believe we can fix it and we can both communicate well enough to make it possible. I don’t want to lose my bestie/love/husband/soulmate/world. He’s going through a lot of stress right now like me, school (he goes to UPenn and studies CIS) it’s very difficult and I don’t want to add on to the stress, comp sci club, frat and many more. But we still got through all of it before so i know we can be strong towards this. I really want to win over his heart again... he means alot to me.. he inspires me and motivates me to be who i am and not fear what others think about me. I fucked up and I know it.. I want to give him the love and treatment he deserves I want a chance to prove to him that there is love and this is forever type of love even if we are far from distance at any point I want hI’m to know my mind and body will always think about him and will Always be his. I know I’ve hurt him really badly this time... but I know we both can get past this. We have been thought a lot together, but the good memories are more so that I can erase every bad memory and make happy new ones. His friends hate me most likely because I never tried to know them but I had my reasons to.. I just want it to be us against everyone else, I don’t want anyone else to phase us. But he said it was his decision rather than being influenced by someone else. However, I kept in touch with his childhood friend and she tried helping me. She even said this is nothing like him... i mean he does have his moments of being cold but beneath all that he is the most heartfull man i know. He is full of Life and joy, his likes and dislikes differ to mine but I’m always willing to try new things because if it makes him happy it would always make me happy (Ferrari vs ford great movie so far might like it better than Bollywood movies) please help me my heart pain is just killing me. I even looked on the technology side of the apple news today and I really did find it interesting that apple’s 5G phone 2x2 uplink wont be there the posting will still be slow for things on apple.