I'm not one to usually air out my laundry with online strangers but I could use some help. This girl and I have been seeing each other for about 8 months and I honestly think I may love her.  Although I have reservations, and they started back on New year's Eve. Let me preface this by saying we weren't dating we took a break but we still spent a lot of time with each other. We're dating without a label. So on New year's Eve  we were spending time just us two in our local bar things are going well and we go home for the night and we're laying down and she looks at me tells me she loves me. At first I didn't respond because I wasn't sure if I could reciprocate the same feelings. I basically said well that's nice and just went to bed. I wanted to wait until morning and ask her if she remembered New year's Eve which she did and stood by her words the night before. A few days passed and I started to think about our relationship it's not all great all the time but we really get along well and I can't wait for my days off to spend time with her.  I start thinking in this moment in time there is no one else I'd rather be with or see at the end of the day. I would go through many barriers to be with her and keep her happy. That being said at the same time there is a bug in my ear whispering doubts that something that if something is  going good in my life it doesn't come without hitches. So we go out with some friends two weeks after New year's Eve and I was bad person. She got pretty buzzed up and  we had to leave the function early on account that she was getting sick . I'm driving us back home and her phone is playing music thru Bluetooth and I want to skip a song so her fully in the bag now I ask her to unlock her phone. I know that when you go snooping you usually find things you wish you wouldn't have found. I did I found explicit texts a week before New year's between her and a co worker. This crushed me who tells someone they love them but is hooking up with other people.  I'm confused at this point I honestly do care a lot for her but man this sucks. We talked a long while and said she does love me but if we're to date she wants an open relationship which I'm not on board for.