I don’t know exactly where to begin. Sorry if this seems scatter brained, I am not the best at organizing my thoughts in writing. While I grew up I was always heavily pressured to get a job to pay for my own things. So from 16 years old I bounced around fast food places (I did not like working at them) and saved my money. Eventually working at a gas station for some time, and then finally landing at a popular department store. I had enough money by that time to put a down payment on a 10 year old mid size suv. I was 18 by this time. I continued to make low payments for the duration of having that vehicle with no help from my dad. He still felt it necessary to take the plates off my car and hide them whenever we had a fight. Cue to about a month ago and my dad messages me that they (him and his wife) are going to get brother a car. They’re looking at cars they can buy outright so approximately $5,000. They ended up getting him a 2016 Chevy Cruze. it really just hurt my feelings and made me feel like I wasn’t worth that from them. So I message my dad the day they give him the car basically expressing that Brother could have just done what I did and gotten a job and paid for his own car but instead they take out a 401k loan and somehow justify that if they didn’t do it they’d be paying his ubers to college anyway. Brother is supposedly getting a job. But I highly doubt he will. My dad has a track record a mile long for thinking his kids always “have an attitude” or are “trying to argue” when having a simple conversation that isn’t going his way. This of course happened while I was expressing myself to him about the lack of equal treatment. Now there was a pretty bad protest in my city last night, I live less than 5 miles from where it all began. My dad would previously check in with me when there was bad weather in my area or call and see how things are with the virus. but I haven’t heard from him and it got pretty bad here last night. I don’t know what I want from this post, I guess I’m just wondering if you guys think I was out of line or if I should have just not said anything to him about it and sucked it up because I am capable of paying my own things.. It’s just the principle to me. Thanks for reading.