I was friends with this guy for 10 years. He was always so lovely and caring towards me. We were always in other relationships but we knew how we felt about each other. Last year in September he came back to Africa from the UK and he had just been divorced a year before his return & I was going through my own drama with my boyfriend. I messaged him to meet up and talk and we both told each other where we stood. I was in a long distance toxic relationship with someone I hadn’t seen in 5 years & he had been divorced and basically seeing people but nothing serious. Time went by and we started sleeping together and basically going out publicly together. I slowly started to let go of my LDR and my friend at first had said he didn’t have a problem with waiting for me to finally break it off (at this point I wasn’t even talking to my boyfriend anymore anyway). My friend started ghosting me every so often and saying that he can’t keep being with me if I don’t break up with my boyfriend. So I did. I broke up with him and I let him know I was all his. Prior to all of this, this friend of mine had been coming over to spend time with me and have sex with me. I would pick him up and drop him off at his house. I would pay for lunches and drinks we would have (I didn’t really mind because he had just moved back from the UK and I figured he just needs time to get his life in order). Anyway we started seeing each other a lot and a bond was connected because besides us having sex, he was there when my friends and siblings hanged up on me last year and I was left alone. He was there when I was renovating my accommodation and helping me as tenants got in, he would come and play games with me and make me laugh. He would come over and wash my hair with me in the shower. Things were basically amazing. Then over a month ago he dropped his iPhone XR and he had to use a phone that only works on WiFi. I offered him one of my phones to use for the time being & he agreed. During this period, we went out 4 weeks ago with his friends for the first time. Whilst we were out a girl approached me in the bathroom and told me we were both sleeping with the same person. She said she slept with him once and she’s been talking to him for three weeks. I was really hurt so I walked off and drove home and left him with his friends. He didn’t call or message me. After five days I tried to call him as I wanted to get my phone back from him. His phone was off so I messaged his brother and he told me he was at their farm and he was coming back the following day. I waited for his call and nothing happened the next day. So I messaged him on social media after I saw him posting with his brother — out having drinks. He opened my message and ignored me. The next morning I drove to his house because all I wanted now was to get my phone and leave him alone. So I got there and rang the intercom, he came out and got into my car. I spoke calmly to him asking how he was and why he had ignored my message. He responded to me saying he didn’t know what to say to me and that when he had seen me walk off that day, he was shattered and felt completely bad for making me feel the way he had made me feel. I had fallen inlove and I believed what he said. This particular day was Valentine’s Day as well, so he said he would take me for dinner to apologize and make up for everything. Night time came and I was ready to be picked up. He said his brother was refusing with the car and asked me to pick him up. I went and got him and we got to the place for dinner and we ate and drank. Everything seemed great. The bill came and his Uk Visa card refused to work here in Africa , so guess who paid? Me! 😒. After that we went back to my place and had sex and then I dropped him off at his parents house where he lives. My cousin was staying at my house during this period so I couldn’t let him sleep over (I stay at my parents house alone, my parents are divorced and moved out). Anyway, my cousins phone stopped working and she needed to use notes for school from her Whatsapp, so she asked me to use my phone and I told her he had it. So I messaged him asking if she could temporarily use it, seeing as he actually had another phone but it just didn’t work off WiFi. I asked that I could pick it up and he said he would bring it to me when he was coming to see me. He ended up not coming that day,so the following morning my cousin and I went to his house and he let us in. We told him that my cousin wanted to say goodbye to him and get the phone since she was leaving that day to go back home. He told us he had put the phone in his brothers car and wanted to bring it the night before but his brother hadn’t come back home. We waited for an hour and his brother didn’t come. He then told me to go and leave my cousin at home and come back alone (he didn’t like her that much because she’s very blunt and straightforward). I did that and came back to pick him up because I wanted to grab food and other things. Whilst we were out I told him that the letter he had written me a few days prior had felt as if he didn’t really love me the way I did, seeing as he described us as an “undefined” relationship and basically spoke about how his ex wife had hurt him and lied about being pregnant. Expressed how those were the reasons he was finding it hard to express love in the way of liked. Which confused me because his actions said otherwise. We had been having unprotected sex and he asked me not to take the pill because he was ready to start a family with me.. so this has been what we were doing , so to get such a letter was alarming. He assured me by saying he’s falling in love with me and then kissed me and told me I’m not crazy. I then told him I was relieved then we went to my house to eat and then I dropped him off at his house. When we got there his brother was back, I asked him to quickly grab the phone and he said no other let. He went inside the house then came back jogging and said “my dad wants us to pick up my mum and sister from the airport, my sisters back from rehab so I’ll bring the phone when we come back”. At this point I knew there was no phone , but I was hopeful that he wasn’t lying. I went home and he said nothing to me for hours. I logged onto Instagram and saw him with his sister dancing 💃🏽 in their gazebo — I still thought me and him were good so I messaged him in response to the video saying how happy I was to see her doing okay. Hours later around midnight I messaged him on his phone stating how I thought he said he was bringing my phone and that I was worried he had lost my phone and what was really going on ?  He didn’t even open my message. Two days later he posted a photo on Instastory and then the next morning I drove to his house and rang the intercom (at which point I was done with the games) and I asked to see him and they said he wasn’t home (which is rare since he’s not mobile). Anyway I sent him a message telling him that “so this is how you’re gonna be? I don’t want anything from you I just want my phone please. I know you were home when I came there! The next time I come it will be with the police”. He opened my message and read it.. and ignored. So what I want to understand is, am I crazy? And why would someone who days before said they’re in love with you, suddenly ignore you? He hasn’t reached out ever since and it’s almost three weeks🙁. I obviously don’t care much for the phone but why did he ghost me instead of just saying he lost the phone ? Do you think I came on too hard ? Should I reach out to him? I miss him but I feel like there’s something really wrong with this picture ☹️