So basically I (19M) started talking to (17F). This “relationship” started basically I dm’ed her on Instagram in September and we talked everyday since then and things started getting spicy at around like November times sending nudes to each other and planning to meet up. She lives kind of far away from me like we both live in the UK but in different cities however she lives with her sister in that city and her mum lives in my city and she does come down quite often. Anyways after about 5 months of talking we finally decided to properly meet up as I wanted to see her so I book a hotel in her city and obviously we had sex I know it sounds crazy for the first date but me booking a hotel and been talking for 5 months it was a bit of a no brainer. Whilst we were having sex she said she loved me so much and I did say it back. We’ve had many deep conversations and that and I do know a lot about her. I did also loose my virginity to this girl which is why I like her even more as I could of lost it a long time ago but I wanted to do it with a girl that I really liked and this was the one. When we also finished she wanted me to not to bring back the rest of the condoms back to London as she thought I would use it with another girl, I gladly threw them away as I don’t speak to any other girl apart from her and don’t get much female attention to be honest maybe because I’m anti social as she somehow finds me highly attractive and calls me beautiful all the time. However she gets a lot of male attention and many boys try to speak to her but she says she doesn’t entertain them and we were both going through her phone and many boys were trying to ask her out and we were laughing about it. She said she was willing to cut them off but I’m not really a controlling person and I do like to put trust in people so I said it’s not needed and I trust her not to entertain them and she has said many times she only wants me. However we haven’t really made it clear that we’re in a relationship at all and I haven’t really asked her out but have made it clear your the only girl I talk to and she has seen my phone the next time we meet she’s gunna come to my city which would he in April so that’s a whole month, like I can go see her in her city (3hr coach) but booking a hotel every time would be a cash loss and I can’t really go round her house as her sister and her husband are there and there not really keen with her bringing a boy over. My worry would be if she finds another guy as a lot of people are trying to get her and the time we haven’t met up she may loose interest but we do talk everyday. I might ask her if she’s actually serious because I’m not the guy to have sex with a girl and not talk to her again as I would feel very guilty and I don’t like hurting peoples feelings as I know how it feels and if a girl were to cheat on me I would be devastated, that’s my biggest worry. I am very tempted to ask her if you know your not going to be loyal just tell me not to waste time because I ain’t trying to get hurt by a girl but I’m not sure if this is even a relationship tbh.