Hello, sorry for the bad English, it isn't my first language. to explain I (14F) met this girl about a year ago when I started high school, I shall call her anna to protect her identity. anna was a bit moody at times but then started telling me about how much she wants to kill herself and showing me her self-harm cuts. I tried to talk to her about why she cant die, but some other girls in the friendship group told everyone in the year before going to the teachers and the teachers basically just told her mum and that was all they did. anna only trusted me and wouldn't stop telling me all the stuff she was going to do to herself, and she wasnt a nice person at all. I thought that I needed to listen too her so she didn't feel so alone, but then one day she was found bringing in scissors by the girls that told the year about her and she ended up moving schools. after anna left all the girls in my class a lot of the girls in my glass started cutting themselves, one girl got expelled for bringing a knife into school and one started texting people about how they were going to kill themselves, someone else had made a noose at there house and there parents found out. it was like an epidemic, girls were harming themselves in all there subjects and you would find notes in there bags. I was one of the few people not hurting themselves. I dont have any mental health issues, but I am autistic and have received therapy for my anxiety but I had never been suicidal so I didnt know what to do. the school didn't know what to do either and at the time I was in (and still am) in a very toxic friendship where one of the girls outed me because she thought I was gay (i am not, not that there is anything wrong with being gay) to my year and are just horrible people, but every time I try to leave the freindship group they would start saying they are suicidal and I didn't want to make them feel worse. It isnt as bad as it used to be, but every few weeks an indecent happens. nobody has killed themselves. please help, I need advice on what to do.