I'm a 24 year old female and I don't know what to do anymore. Is it possible for totally straight guys to be into gay porn? My boyfriend and I have been together for almost 6.5 years, we've always had intimacy issues as I believe he has ED. He does not last very long. If I bring it up he gets really mad and defensive and shuts me down. Anyway I've always had my suspicions about him being gay because he just never seems as interested in sex as I do, and never wants it as much. He claims that he's upset that he can't please me, so he doesn't even want to try. It doesn't make sense why he wouldn't try to fix the problem but he refuses to see a doctor about it. Anyway first I discovered that on Instagram he had been searching hashtags such as big white cock, and bulge. When I confronted him about it he said he was insecure about himself because he feels he's not good enough and was comparing himself to other guys. That excuse was good enough for me at the time and I took it. However I saw that on Reddit he was looking at some questionable subreddit topics for a straight dude like: r/IWantToSuckCock and r/bigdicklovers. When I confront him about this he said the same thing he was just doing research because he wanted to be better for me.... I already wasn't sure how to feel when I discovered that he had a second secret Reddit account. Where he was posing as ME! Posting my nude photos and asking guys to DM him their thoughts. Within the messages he would ask for pictures, ask them to cum, and say he wanted to see dick. He claims that he's jealous of me and that I could get any guy I wanted. He said he just wanted to see how far I could take it and see if that was true. He is 100% claiming that he is straight not even bi- curious. Now I'm super open-minded and down for pretty much anything So I honestly just want the truth from him but he won't come forward with it. OR is it possible he is telling the truth...he's completely straight and just into gay porn? I don't know if that's possible, please help, any advice is appreciated, thank you so much!!