One issue my gf and have is my jealousy of her ex, due to her not being over her ex when we first started "talking". I try to be honest and clear that I feel that way but that doesn't mean that she has to not be friends with her ex or not talk to her, but I have gotten upset a couple times when she is dishonest about their interactions. More recently her ex has been texting her on a regular basis, just friendly stuff, but she didn't tell me. When she let it slip one day I said that I would like for her to tell me stuff like that and, if they were going to be talking on a regular basis, I think she should let her ex know that we are dating, so that her intentions are clear. She said she didn't want to do that because it seemed weird to tell her ex she had a new girlfriend, I said that was fine I was just making my preference clear, and reiterated that her ex makes me feel insecure. She has now lied to me several times about silly things that don't really matter when it comes to her ex, like if I ask about a conversation she mentions she will say her ex texted her, when she was really the one who texted, or that she wouldn't be talking to her ex when she went over to her place to pick stuff up and then did. I got upset because I could tell she wasn't being honest with me about those little things and explained that her dishonesty is making me uncomfortable, she says that she is trying to protect my feelings because she knows this ex makes me feel insecure. I told her that that is a problem I have to work through and that she still has the right to be friends with her ex despite my feelings and do what she thinks is appropriate based on that friendship, but if she is dishonest with me I'm not going to be able to trust her and those feelings will be harder to work through. She agreed that she would just be straightforward and not lie to protect my feelings anymore. Since that conversation she has lied to me again twice. I didn't want to accuse her of lying and make her upset but it kept eating away at me and I got upset and cried and said I felt insecure because I could tell she was being dishonest. We talked about it and I said I understood she was trying to protect my feelings but we agreed she would be honest from now on, she got really upset and admitted she lied but was upset I didn't trust her. I told her that she has lied multiple times and that's why I don't trust her, plus I can tell when she is lying to me. I just feel like if she isn't being honest with me she shouldn't be upset when I don't trust her as a result, and the lies are so meaningless that I don't even understand why she is lying at all. I just don't know, it feels like a red flag that she continues to lie despite me saying I don't mind that they talk or are friends, I just want her to be honest with me about the things she tells me so I can work towards feeling less jealous because I know that's a me problem.