I have been seeing a girl (f32) for a few months and things are going well. We did have a few issues but kind of worked through them. The biggest one was that when we first started seeing each other she lied and cheated on me with a guy she was talking with before we met. It was just a guy she hooked up with 2 times. The first time she hooked up with him was when we first met. And the second time was when we really started dating exclusively. She hinted after around that last time she had sex with him that she was turning a new leaf, so to speak. At that time, I didn’t know what she really meant, that she was going to be trustworthy from that point on. When I found out about it a couple months later she cried and confessed she was talking to this guy and we were just starting our relationship. She apologized and said she would understand me dumping her but said that she was starting new with me and would be honest and true. I said I would forgive her trangressions since she seemed very sincere. So far she has been trustworthy and I am very certain that she is not cheating or flirting with anyone. But, since we had that issue, we said we should be totally honest with each other. I then opened a can of worms when I asked about her past and previous hook ups. It turns out that she was pretty wild for a few years and ran with a crowd of party people. She would go clubbing and hook up with guys. Go to tourist spots and meet guys on vacation and have one night stands. She was on tinder and hooked up with guys on there. And there were some questionable hook ups where it seemed borderline escorting or sugar daddy hook ups. There were a couple of her girlfriends who were on sugar daddy dating sites and wanted her to join them on their “dates” with these guys. These guys would introduce her to their guy friends and they would all go out drinking, clubbing and sometime sex. She said for a while all of it was fun but could see some of those girlfriends going downhill.  They had no career or good jobs and she slowly moved from that crowd. She said that she felt that she outgrew that scene and those girls are younger and are not thinking of their future. Now, things are ok but every now and then things come up where it references her past. Like I would say let’s try this restaurant. And she would be , oh I have been there and to that hotel And the rooms are nice.  That usually means she went with someone and if you see the inside of that hotel room, it was probably for a hook up. Or she would tell me someone dm her on her IG and they want to see her. And it was an old tinder hook up. She says she tells me about it to be open and she tells them she has a bf. Or sometimes guys message her for a booty call and she ignores them. But, when she is open about these things I get feelings of jealousy. I want her to tell me these things rather than hide them. Also, when we talk about hotels, it seems like she has been to so many. It is kind of disconcerting. Normal girls have not seem the insides of that many hotel rooms or been to that many fine dining restaurants. When I want to go somewhere nice for dinner, she usually has been there and I kind of know why and I get those feelings of jealousy. The past is the past and I shouldn’t hold it against her because she has been faithful ever since that 1 incident. I know people are going to say that I’m insecure. Maybe I am. But, how can I work through it?