Okay I understand how selfish and childish this might make me seem, but this is genuinely really really hurting me. My sister and I were like best friends literally like 2 months ago. The guy she’s with now, she started dating August of last year, but it didn’t become like a super serious thing till recently. I love her and I’m so so happy for her but it seems like he’s almost like whisking her away? I hardly ever see her anymore, and when I do she acts so cold towards me. She literally acts as if she doesn’t want anything to do with me, and it’s hurting more than words can describe. On her birthday (in November) I took her out for lunch and to the movies and we had like a little kickback and just had a ton of fun. She loved spending time with me and everything was perfect. But my birthday was last month and she literally put minimal effort into it, and then ran off with her boyfriend, telling me she’d buy me a gift later because Valentines was coming up and she wanted to SPOIL her boyfriend. Nearly a month later, and nothing. Not even a mention of it. She’s always gone now, with her boyfriend or in her bedroom with her boyfriend. Suddenly the late night snacks and binging Netflix shows and playing my ps4 together has stopped completely. I ask her to hangout, she says yes but soon cancels because HE wants to do something with her. I love her to death but lately this is just making me feel SUCH a deep hatred towards her and him. I get growing up means pulling away from your siblings, but this was a major fucking yank and I don’t know what to do. I argued with her about this like an hour ago and it ended with her screaming at me, telling me I’m just jealous and then throwing in the fact that my ex boyfriend really hurt me, as an insult. I don’t know how to fix things with her. She’s my best friend and I just feel the slippery slope right around the corner. Her boyfriend wants her to move to Georgia with him sometime soon, and she didn’t think twice before jumping into planning it. How can I talk to her about this and fix things? I genuinely have no idea what I did wrong and I’m scared that soon enough she’ll be the sister I only see on holidays, if even then. What should I do? I miss her but I feel like I’m pushing her further away every time I bring it up....