So this Story started about 3 years ago. I met this girl through my friends and we became really close friends pretty quick. At some point I think we were more than just friends (we kissed 3 times) and but we grew more and more distant in the following year of highschool. In the following year she left for a year abroad and I was preparing for my final exams. We still wrote each other sometimes but really not that much. I never really stopped thinking about her in these two years (I even texted her the classic new years eve message, saying I was sorry and wishing her a happy birthday, I didnt tell her I still liked her though). Anyways, when I had my exams and she was about to come back to my town a friend told me "Yeah btw she is still into you but she didnt wanna tell you before your exams were done". I was like "Haha yea bullshit u setting me up" but he still made me curious. So I texted her "So (this friend) was bullshitting me telling me that u still have a crush on me" and she answered "Well but its true". I was a bit perplex and didnt really trust her. I asked her if we could meet somewhere and talk about it (I thought if she was sure about it she should tell me from face to face). So we met and she told me "Yea I still am in love with you". After that we stopped texting and meeting because she was going back abroad for a few weeks. But when she came back and I asked her her if she wanted to on a date she told me that she doesnt really think she feels that sure about me. I was feeling really depressed and I felt like i was toyed with. I didnt tell her though because I didnt want her to feel bad or sth. Eventually I made up my mind (or thought I made it up) and told myself it would probably be better if we just stayed friends like in the beginning (Yea Giga-SIMP in know). I did go to her birthday party and we went in bars and texted just like in the good ol' times. But 2 weeks ago I realised that I like her too much so just stay friends. The more I think about it the sadder I get but on the other hand I cant really tell her (or dont have the balls) because I dont want to force her to make a decision (either that she tells me what she feels or that we go seperate ways for good this time). What should I do?