So our relationship was always pretty rocky, I had left him when I only a couple months pregnant because I felt he was to possessive of me and I loved him but I was scared of being in an abusive relationship. My family basically told me if I didn’t try and make things work for the baby then they wouldn’t help me. So I moved to another state with him and finished out my pregnancy. Things went great, we fought a couple times but nothing to major. Ever since having the baby things have gotten pretty bad, I think it’s all the barely sleeping. But we’ve been fighting like crazy and he’s been checking my phone and got mad at me when a coworker added me on Snapchat because he had my number form a group chat. And went off on my and told me he knew I was doing stuff behind his back. Which I wasn’t. He later apologized and said he over reacted. Well since then I’ve had this feeling to check his phone, and I have not once had this feeling in our entire relationship but I was being overcome with the feeling that I needed to. And I did... Through my extremely fast scrolling I saw many pictures and videos of him with other girls form before our relationship then pictures of him with a girl at the beginning of our relationship. So of course I was upset he had cheated and he had all these pictures still on his phone and were married. We got into a fight that night and tried to have a good day the next day but at the end of the next day I was upset and just didn’t want to talk about it. He got pissed off at me blamed it all on me and took our son to the store got beer and hung out with his friend. He had 5 beers while he was gone for 2 hours, and brought our son back crying because he was hungry and he drove him home intoxicated. Then he comes in and starts verbally attacking me telling me “what’s up” asking why I’m with him and where we are going from here. Then he punched three holes in our bedroom door and proceeds to tell me I made him do it and he was never like that before me. I really don’t know what to do. And I just want my baby to be safe, I love my husband but I’m scared I’m leaving our baby in an unsafe environment.