Okay, before you judge, please read the whole post. I (23F) have been dating my boyfriend (23M) for about 16 months. During the summer, we briefly broke up because he had too much going on with school and he was feeling depressed. Since then, we’ve been working things out. There was a point during the summer where I almost left him because I felt a lot of negative feelings towards what was happening. We were long distance and a break felt stupid because we already had distance between each other. We cut off contact for a month but we then talked and have been together. I believed his reasoning behind his abrupt decision (he was/is depressed) and he quickly came to regret it. However, he sucks at expressing himself and at apologizing. He has Asperger’s and I basically only found this out during our summer “break up”. So things have been rocky and at first there was a lot of pain we had to hash out, mostly on my end as I felt like the break up was sudden and didn’t make sense. He also did something that hurt me, as well as said some hurt full things that I feel like he did not apologize enough for. Fast forward to now, and we are officially together, we had been exclusive irregardless, there were boundaries even when we were not together. (The idea of him being a ‘boyfriend’ added pressure and stress to what he had to deal with, which is why we were not “official” for some time) So that’s why I say that we have been together for 16 months. I love this guy. I really do. But, he does not try as much as he should. He DOES put in effort me he’s around me, and he does sweet things every now and then, but again, only when he’s around me. What sucks is that I’m always the one setting plans, asking him to go eat, etc. I feel like our relationship has been really one sided, even though he claims to have regretted breaking up with me during the summer and pleaded for me not to give up on him. He wants to be with me and honestly, I do appreciate what we have been through because for a while, I thought he didn’t love me but I have definitely seen that he does. I have not been easy to deal with, as I also have anxiety and depression and unfortunately he triggers me easily. Ever since we have officially been back together, I have felt really unhappy. A lot of the behavior he does, I would not allow from someone who I was just starting to date. (For example, not checking up on me, being super late to our plans, telling me he’s too tired when I try to talk about my feelings, etc.) I go back and forth with wanting to leave him, but part of me feels like maybe I’m not understanding his depression, that *I* also need to work on not taking things so personal, and overall just relax a little. I have been working on myself a lot, but I think recently I’m starting to feel really isolated and unloved again. I want to make this work more than anything. So I feel like I need a break, I feel like I need to take a step back from being so emotionally involved, wanting to see him, talk to him, wait for him to text me... to feeling sad when he doesn’t (I’m usually the one to initiate contact, he will go 3-4 days without speaking to me) He says he loves me, that he sees himself marrying me, etc. so I hold onto that, and believe him but I just don’t know how much more I can handle, which is why I feel like I need a break. Of course, if I bring it up, I want it to be a real break. Where we both focus on ourselves. I don’t plan on talking to anyone new nor do I want to, and I would expect the same from him. (And I think he’d feel the same way) I know it sounds like we have had a rocky beginning, but like I mentioned, I really want this to work and he claims he does, too. Would a break here actually help? Do you have any experience with taking a break with similar boundaries and actually seeing progress?