On Valentine's day, my GF (21) and I (23) had plans to catch a movie, make dinner together, play our Nintendo switch and catch our favorite anime. For the most part, the day went according to plan. We went to see "The Photograph" and stopped by the local grocery store afterwards to pick up some ingredients. So we made dinner, ate and even had some wine. At this point, the day had gone so well and there was no sign of negativity anywhere. We were both smiling, and happy as can be. Like any good story, this is where it all went downhill. We finished dinner and decided to clean up. She was visibly upset about something (Her dad had joined us for dinner and wine (my GF lives at home) and during our dinner he was talking about his rough childhood) and since I had no idea how to help the least I could do is offer my support by putting my hand on her back to display some kind of sympathy and affection. We finished cleaning and migrated to her living room. Here is where most of the drama comes from. So we sit on the couch as she drinks the rest of her wine and checks her phone. I sit there pretty full and somewhat buzzed (a 13% Bordeaux can do that)  as she asks "What do you wanna do?". I respond "You know, I'm just really enjoying being here close to you and I don't think we need to find something to entertain ourselves". She then checks her phone again and this time it was for a couple of minutes. As shes turns to me she asks if something is wrong (we've had small fights about phone etiquette and what not). I assume she is asking because of the past but I sincerely tell her that nothing is wrong. She then responded by physically coming closer to me and laying her head on my chest. A couple minutes pass as she suggests we watch an anime that we've been into. I agree that it's a good idea so I say "Sounds great". The only thing is that she never turns it on and we remain silent for awhile and I (knowingly only me) dozed off.  I was awaken by her abruptly getting up from the couch and darting to her room. As I look up, she is in the doorway of her room staring at me with a piercing look. Nothing was said as she stopped and entered her room. I didn't think anything of it at first because I thought she was just gonna grab something and return but some time passed. Enough for me to follow her. I walk into her room and she's at her desk removing her makeup. I see that she is occupied so I decided to sit on the edge of her bed to wait. She finishes and heads to the bathroom. On her way to the bathroom she passes me and mutters "Oh, you can leave". I say "what?" so visibly confused. She uses the bathroom and exits to only say it again "Yes, you can leave". I say "Why? what happened, did I do something?" this is what I believe set her off as she looked extremely PO-ed. She said "Don't act like you don't know what you did, I'm not gonna try to talk to you if you think you did nothing". I tried to reason with her to understand her anger. After about 30 minutes of arguing, she basically said that I was being insensitive and in-genuine with the affection I showed her. I exclaimed that I did my best with the given circumstances (1. I was very full 2. I was buzzed 3. We laid down on her couch together). I see her reasoning that  maybe I should have followed up with her to talk through her emotions but nothing necessarily screamed "I need help" as we laid together on the couch. Regardless, we continued to argue and it got bad. So bad that she repeatedly told me to leave her home. She looked at me as if I was a stranger, someone that she didn't know, almost afraid that I was there. I pleaded with her, trying to find reasonable ground but her mind was made up and she wanted me out. So I left. Two days later and I'm still so confused. I have no idea what to do.