Me 29F, fiance 28M. We meet in college. We are going to celebrate 9 years together this year. We date for 3 months and after that we got a place together and been living together all this time. Four years ago, we moved to another state (it’s a 15 hour away from my dad), so that he could stay close to his mom, since he got pneumonia with pleural effusion and we need help. We fight together for 2 years, until he got better. First we put college on hold. Everyday was hard, but somehow we made through. I made a lot of sacrifices to stay with him. After  we change to another state I had to started college all over again (same course, but since it’s a different college didn’t have the same classes, my country is really bad), but until 2 days ago I never had regretted. I was sick for 5 months, the doctors finally found on January/20 that I have deep endometriosis and they also found cysts in the uterus and ovary, therefore I was told I need surgery. I went to all doctors appoints and exams alone, fiance never wanted or could go with me. On the starter of the last week was my surgery. My dad came to help me (my mom passed away from cancer 10 years ago), he stayed with us until this weekend and he had to go back home. Here is the problem, my fiance went to work event in another country last Friday and he will not came back until next Monday. That really hurt me, but I didn’t tell him anything and supported his decision, because my fiance family promised to help me if I need it, so I wouldn’t be alone. However 2 days ago, I started to feel so much pain I could stop crying and screaming, I was alone at home, I text my doctor, she told me that I should try to take tramadol, if the pain didn't stop I should go to the ER. I had at home, but I didn’t keep it close to my bed. So I need to get up to get it, I remember sitting at my bed and trying to move, but I guess I pass out, I was in the floor when I wake up and the pain was worse than ever. I couldn't get my cellphone so I used google assist to call my mother in law for help, when she answered I asked her for help I was going to tell her what happen, but she told to wait 30 minutes and the other 2 ( my fiance aunt's and cousin) couldn’t help me either, I guess they were together. She called me 3 hours after that to check on me. The thing is, they were 5 minutes way by car, and they have one, but no one could help me. I don’t remember for how long I stayed on the floor. I don’t know how to tell my fiance that his mom refused to help me I don't think he will believe me. He is blind to everything related to his mom. I am still in pain and  I just texted my doctor and I told her that I fell 2 days ago and I am still in pain even with the painkillers. I am waiting for her answer to know if I should go to the ER or to her office.