There's many subtle day to day things that seem like theres a double standard or that shes completely in control of the relationship. Just got our own place and currently I pay 100% of bills, when we were preparing to move I meticulously saved and she refused to save a dime and spent most of her money on hair dye going out to eat fun stuff etc. I make more money so she agreed shed pay for all household necessities includong food and would pay the entirety of the electric bill and internet etc. She quit her job. Bills are on me. When I attempted to figure out a game plan for her to find new employment she gets angry and says things like "Fuck off i can handle my own shit" when it had been a month of her being unemployed. At night when we go to sleep she demands that i rub her back, thats fine and all I'll do that because its sweet and stuff but when I come home after a long day if i ask her to rub mine its always a solid no but then she'll pout and give me silent treatment if I dont still rub hers. There was this guy, her brothers friend who when she was with her brotber would always constantly make perverted statements and openly speak about his fantasies he has of "face fucking her" and other innapropriate things. We agreed that he wouldnt come to the house. Today while im at work she tells me shes about to take everyone home because the brothers friend gave her gas. This bothers me on principle. Last night when i got home a friend from highschool had tagged me in a facebook post. She was very angry because my friend is a female and she searched through my phone for messages with this old friend. She has all my passwords and everything so I cant ask any friends what to do or thibk about some of this behavior. It just kindof keeps happening. Any time ive tried to bring up the power dynamic she threatens to leave or stonewalls. When we first moved in there was a guy who used to be my friend but there was personal conflict and I stopped hanging out with him because i was betrayed. While I was at work they decided to hangout and his parents had kicked him out so she offered him the spare bedroom without asking me. When I explained that i was bothered by this i was told to "grow up and stop holding a grudge" "are you gonna hokd a fucking grudge forever get over it". Theres more than just these things but I cant thibk of them at the moment. I just dont know how to feel about a lot of it. Im very frustrated. Its emasculating and disrespectful in a lot of ways. I feel used in a lot of ways. Idk how to feel or what to do