Today my boyfriend says he needs a full day completely to himself for mental health reasons which is fair, he sees me everyday. But to me seeing each other everyday isn’t excessive. Two days out of the week we only see each other to eat and sleep. two other days I have class and work 8-10 hours of the day while he’s at home with nothing going on. Earlier today I told him due to mental health reasons I would be extra sensitive the next day or two. Having him tell me that he needs to be alone during this time probably is why I am a little extra upset at it. If you date someone you’re dating to marry or breakup. marriage constitutes seeing each other everyday and though we speak about moving in together fully it seems like he doesn’t want me around that much. I guess this thinking seems crazy without backstory. I’m sensitive about the time we have together now as after next year he’ll be moving away for a job which will cut our time together down to 2-4 weekends out of the month. also since he is a permanent resident in our college town and I live in a dorm I go home for 4.5 months our of the year where we rarely see each other. frequently he’ll tell me that we see each other every day so why does it matter if 4 out of the 5 hours we have together are spent with friends, “ill only be able to do these things with my friends while we’re young.” “I should be able to do things I enjoy whenever I want.” and I agree, he should be able to do things he enjoys I want him to be able to uphold his hobbies. But if we agree that i’m coming over at 5:30 and then from 6-10 he plays video games with only a break to make dinner that isn’t really spending time together its just existing in the same space. If the Majority of the time we “spend together” i’m not even being spoken to I feel like this time isn’t actually spent together. also his phrasing often makes me feel as if time spent together isn’t fun or enough for him, like i’m baseline living and doing other things are what makes life enjoyable. Along with his “I can do whatever whenever” I’ll try to do things I don’t particularly like in order to do things with him and if I mention that this could give me browny points for us to do something I enjoy he shuts it down, like doing something I like with me isn’t worth his time. I should enjoy his interests and participate in them but that same rule doesn’t apply to me. When we sleep together its at his place as I live in a dorm, I have class every morning and try to get good sleep so i normally want to be in bed by 11-11:30 and if its a little later on days my class is later I understand. my boyfriend believes this is too early to go to bed every night. And that it’s unfair of me to ask him to go to bed or make the room bed time ready before midnight. when we talk about this stuff it always comes out to him saying i’m trying to control him, But I just want him to respect my time and presence as if i’m important to him. It’s like his time is more valuable than mine is. I just needed to get this out, advice is welcome. 