My mom has one sister. My aunt was always in trouble growing up. She was in and out of jail constantly and she even stole from her parents on more than one occasion to buy drugs. She and my mom have never really gotten along, but my grandparents always took her in and made sure she had what she needed because they always hoped she would turn a new leaf. I grew up 10 minutes away from my grandparents' house and spent countless weekends there with my cousin, who was raised by them because my aunt was in jail when she was born and just never took her back. My grandfather died when I was 16 (17 years ago). My cousin was 14. She became our grandmother's caregiver (because she's always been in poor health) and my parents helped out of course. My cousin moved out in her early 20's. My grandmother's health improved and she was becoming somewhat self sufficient. I had moved 3 hours away by that point. My aunt and her 2 sons became homeless because none of them could hold down a job. My grandmother took them in, of course. Her health took a turn again when she got mrsa from a procedure at the doctor's office and she was hospitalized for months. When my aunt moved back home she became the default caregiver. I think one of her sons works now but one has literally never had a job and he's in his mid 20's. They live on my grandmother's retirement. Both my parents work full time. I live in another state now, and my cousin lives in another city. But my aunt will make all these passive aggressive comments about how no one ever visits and no one cares. I get that it's extremely difficult to be your parent's full time caregiver, but she's also not made any moves to get a job. My grandmother's insurance and retirement income are good enough to be able to hire a nurse if needed, but not when she's also supporting 3 other adults. But no, my aunt is still doing stupid crap like getting arrested for shoplifting right before Christmas, which my mom paid to bail her and her son out. I guess in her mind we should all be with my grandmother with every free moment we have and we're selfish and heartless for not being there. Should I tell her off and that if she's not going to financially contribute to her mother's home, then it's the least she can do to be her primary care giver?