So I’ve turned to reddit for this because I just need some advice. I’m a 17 year old female who was adopted at birth by my parents. They have been together for 21 years and honestly seemed like a happy couple. At least I thought....my dad has an iPad that is linked to his phone, and I often play games on it because it has a larger screen and I have very poor vision. The downside is I’m very nosy, and it’s not a good part of me. While I was playing a game on the iPad my dad received a text message by one of his friends, and I accidentally clicked on it instead of swiping away. So I sat there and thought, might as well see what my parents talk about on text messages, but as I go to find my mom’s chat I see a photo of a woman, who I’ve never seen or heard of before. Of course, nosy me read through the messages, and was horrified to what I found. Very graphic and just plain disgusting messages exchanges between them that dated all the way back to about three years. I was absolutely shocked! Of all people MY FATHER who raised me was saying detailed and disgusting “activities” of what would go on between them. I freaked out and stormed up to my dad demanding what the actual fuck was this and that he better explain it to me ASAP! Like all older people he tried to grab the iPad to read it but I held a firm grip onto it. He tried to make excuses that they were old and it was a one time thing and that I need to delete that conversation, but all I can think about is my mom. My poor mother, she had no clue, and my dad had no intention on telling her about his faults. What made things even more suspicious is that he tried to fight for the iPad and was freaking out, but I quickly shut off the iPad and hid it in a false board in my dresser that he has no clue about. I don’t know what to do. My mom is out of town for the weekend and I feel like she needs to know, but my dad says that it could lead to a divorce, and I don’t want that to happen. I just need someone, anyone, an adult to tell me their opinion on this situation. Should I make an ultimatum that either my dad tells my mom about what he did, or else I’ll tell her? It makes me feel horrible and just lost in all of this..