I met her a couple of months ago and we just sorta worked. Generally she's always been closed off and doesn't like telling people her things but she never had this problem with me. She seems to easily tell me about her struggles. Very early on she confided in me that she had attempted to take her life. She was in a relationship during this time. She would tell me how her relationship would be doing. She would just rant. I would just listen for the most part and give her some general advice. Nothing drastic. Later on I developed feelings but didn't say anything for a while. Eventually I let her know how I felt. She admitted she felt similar but was "committed". I tried my best to remain neutral but slowly realized she was in an abusive relationship. She was not a fan of sex and would often cry (often from pain). Her then boyfriend would continue as if nothing was wrong. He would often disregard her emotional distress. She finally broke things off with the guy and we waited a month before we gave it a shot. We've worked through a lot of things together. And I feel like I've been helping her as much as I feasibly could. She suffers from severe anxiety and very often avoids conflict no matter the cost. I've attempted to communicate to her how important it is to reach out to people and not be afraid to talk. To communicate. And to be more firm about what she truly wants. With the pandemic going on she started to feel distant. As we would only talk and text. And I would notice something bothering her but she would not tell me. I asked her how she felt about me and she said she just felt numb about a lot of things. I decided maybe not having to worry about someone in a relationship would help. So I explained my logic with her and ended things. She says she feels guilty about all the trouble she's given me and her prior boyfriend. And she really beats herself up about it. She doesn't love herself and it hurts to see her beating herself up like she does. I want to help. But sometimes I feel like I do more damage then good. I feel like if I removed myself completely from the equation, since we still talk , would help her out. Or maybe I should stick around and help her through it. The issue being we don't know how not to be intimate. Eventually it'll cross the line again into more then just friends. And I think she needs stability in her life. I genuinely don't know how best to help her.