I met a girl when i was 18 whilst working abroad. I worked with a vehicle import agency and met her through the guy i worked under. The first time we met I intiated a evening out drinking and me and my boss picked her up and took a drive to a local drinking spot. (at this point i was meeting a lot of women and having sex with them). I felt me and the woman had a deep connection right off the batt, to be honest most encounters that i had experienced previously with women during this trip were shallow and lacked any personal chemistry but we immediately had a bond. Drinks and conversation were flowing strongly and after what felt like 10 minutes but was at least an hour of 1 to 1 chat we went to sit in the back of my bosses Mercedes in the car park of the club and started kissing, i started to suck her nipples she was almost climaxing from rubbing against me and having me lick her breasts and suddenly my boss opened the car door and got in and started basically telling me i was messing with his girlfriend and threatning me about it. The conversation ended and we went back into the club. I couldn't see the girl and went to the toilet and found her and my boss in a cubicle not having sex but he had his hand on her vagina. We moved into a next club and she and him were locked jn this car with blacked out windows she still maintains to this day that she was passed out drunk and can't remember what was happening. Later inside the club she was trying to kiss yet another man. Eventually the three of us left the club. She was passed out in the back with my boss touching her up and i was driving his Mercedes s320 drunk. I was drunk and distracted by my bosses behaviour going on in the back seat and ended up driving this Mercedes into a ditch. I ended up having to get a taxi leaving them both to deal with it and feeling pretty crazy about the whole night. She tells me she went and stayed in a guest house and had sex with him that morning. Against my better judgement i decided to meet this girl around a week later for a beer alone. We ended up going straight to my apartment and having sex. I used a condom but it broke so we mutually decided to trust one another and continued to have unprotected sex. We continued meeting quite regularly (she was 24 and just out of uni, i was 18) she came and stayed with me in my flat for 10 days avoiding her mums questions (who she still lived with) and we made love a lot for the whole time. Our sex became amazing and we fell in love with eachother. I was very young and into this woman we had a real connection and still do physically when together. Either way the amount of good sex we were having worked and she got pregnant and kept the baby. Because i had a warrant for my arrest back in the UK she told me i should go home and deal with my issue as to not be a fugitive father which i did. The child was born in early 2016 and i met him when he was almost 2 in September 2017 and stayed for 1 month. During this month we had a good time as a family and went on a beach holiday. I ended up getting her pregnant again, which she aborted. I left after that month and she messaged me saying she wasn't that into me so we broke up. We spoke occasionally to share photos of my son after a hiatus and then started becoming more friendly again and i visited in late 2019 to see my son. We spent a month together as a family and decided we would try and do it for real. She said yes and we would be loyal to one another. I left just before Christmas to do some work back home and she messaged me regularly telling me she loved me with photos and nudes and stuff. I came back 3 weeks after for another month and found photos of her and another man on her phone in her recently deleted and so were there messages, at first she denied having any romance with but eventually confessed to kissing him on new years eve. Im not sure if it was more than just kissing as I know what she is like but i forgave her and we really spent that month working on our relationship. She says she loves me and wants us to live together as a family she told me she met the guy she kissed and told him she can't see him anymore but Now i have left again for work she says she still wants to hang out with the guy she kissed on new years but not romantically. Should i end it with her? Is she just gonna hurt me again ? I love her and she makes me feel amazing but i have lost trust and sometimes feel like she says stuff just to keep me happy.