Hi everyone! I (23f) have been dealing with some ongoing issues with my boyfriend (SO) of 3 years (25m) mother. We moved in together after I graduated college just over a year ago and genuinely have a great relationship. SO is the middle child of 3 siblings and the only one who still lives in the area (northeast). We both live about 20 minutes from our parents. His mother cant seem to accept that he is an independent adult and insists on us (mostly him) eating dinner at their house atleast once a week (although she encourages more). She can be a wonderful woman but I feel as though her attitude and actions towards her son border on unhealthy. Both his parent's extended family live relatively close (within an hour) and she demands he comes along to every gathering they have (this can be every other weekend and usually takes up a whole day). When we have other things to do, she goes off on him about how "disappointed she is" in him and how she "expected better". If something comes up and we have to reschedule dinner she says "I dont know what's going on with you and why you treat me this way". It feels as though there is a tug of war between myself and my SO's mother. We recently told his parents that we are starting the process of buying a house and she reacted as if I had slapped her in the face. We expected excitement and we got the total opposite from her. It's as if any step forward he takes in his life is a step away from her and she can't handle it. Am I wrong for feeling like we need our own life and should be able to prioritize our time? SO is constantly feeling down on himself because he either disappoints me or his mother and I dont want him to feel this way. I think her actions are manipulative. She consistently tries to bring him down and guilt him into doing what she wants. How can I work on resolving this issue without hurting our relationship with his mother? Who is responsible for setting boundaries and how can we deal with a negative reaction to said boundaries? Any help would be appreciated.