Me (F28) and my husband (M29) had been together for almost 9 years. First six were long distance and finally in 2017 we got married. I have to admit is been a rough transition from distance to close to eachother as far as the relationship goes, we had a our fair share of fights and i know i have issues I'd been trying to work on. But back in July last year he suggested we shouldn't be a couple anymore because we simply didn't work. I was devastated but I felt something else was going on, I checked his phone out of doubt (I know this is wrong and I shouldn't had), but i found countless conversations he had with classmates, coworkers and friends just saying how much of a pain I am, how he couldn't wait to end things with me and how he had feelings for a coworker because she was the opposite of what I am. I have very bad depression, I am medicated, and this person according to my husband is really upbeat and fantastic (she's constantly high and does pot with my husband). Long story short I confronted this person and my husband about their relationship to which both said there was nothing to worry about. Fast forwards a couple months, after multiple teraphy  sessions that I paid out of pocket in the hope to save my marriage, my husband dropped the "I don't want to be with you anymore" bomb on me. I thought we were doing fine, but according to him his happiness is only momentary and i don't truly make him happy anymore. I got a gut feeling again on how something was going on and checked his phone for a second time, to which I found out he's been actively flirting with said coworker, they been doing drugs together, and she touched herself in front on him in one of their car rides. Not to mention again the countless conversations with his friends and coworkers about how much he wants to fuck her, and how much he can't stop thinking about her, also conversation between them basically making fun of me . I confronted him, to which he was upset about me going trough his phone, but swears nothing is going on between this coworker and him. To the point he expressed I shouldn't call or confront her again because he doesn't want his relationship with her to end because they are good friends. I am completely in disbelieve about the whole thing, and feel like I'd been emotionally cheated on all this time. To top it all off I found out I am pregnant and his reaction of course was far from what I would've expected from my husband. To which he defends himself by saying he doesn't want to be with me so why would he want us to have a child. Am I wrong to feel I'd been emotionally cheated on?. Am I the only person to blame here because I checked my husband's phone like he says? Should I confront this woman or keep my word to my husband on how I wouldn't do it again? 