Both of us have friends from tinder/ bumble dates that we previously met and just never dated or liked them on a romantic level.  He would randomly mention one friend, let’s call her Janet, and I could never remember who she was and he would explain that she was someone he went on a date with before me and they were both like “meh” and just exchange music. I didn’t think anything of it until a few months ago.  I realized he never closed his phone when his other friends texted and he would hold it where I could see it. He would open snaps in front of me from other friends. But never in front of Janet.  And he would always say “oh, just Janet” if I saw the notification.  I’m not one to jump to conclusions, so over the last few months I’d ask a casual question if he mentioned her. I guess all her snaps are just “sunset photos because she lives in California.” Then, the other day, he mentioned how she has a job interview in our state and they were joking about coronavirus in our area. So, that’s when I started to feel pretty off about it. Yesterday, he was snapping one of our mutual friends and he got a another snap notification, checks it, and puts it down instead of opening. So, I was like is that so and so again. And he goes, no. And it was barely audible so I clarified and he goes “it’s just Janet.” And I just said “How come you don’t open snaps or text from Janet in front of me?” And he goes “oh it’s just a sunset snap probably.” It was 10 pm at night. He quickly changes the subject.  Eventually, we talked about it later in the night and he said he thought that I was always bothered by Janet. I explained I wasn’t until I realized he never has opened messages from her in front of me and it’s really weird.  The only reason I would ever do that is to hide something. He agreed that it would seem that way and offered to stop talking to her. And I said “I don’t care if you talk to her. But, if you have anything in your conversations you wouldn’t want me to see, then you need to figure that out.” He said everything was appropriate and offered to show me. I declined.  But, I can’t help but feel he wasn’t honest.  Should I revisit it or see if he keeps hiding notifications?