It’s no surprise that the first thought anyone would have with this kind of idea is either a no or a very hesitant confusion. I’ve been with my girlfriend for close to a year now and we have a very open and understanding relationship. We’re heavily inversive of systematic relationship insecurities such as developing crushes for other people, conversing with the other gender, you get the picture. One day, my girlfriend found a very interesting gig of becoming a financial dominatrix (when she told me what the guy was willing to pay in exchange for nothing but belittlement I was at the peak of my confusion), and I let her do as she pleased. I saw no evident harm on our relationship— she wasn’t going to have any form of contact with him, flirt with him, nor extend anything past essentially treated a relatively older guy like shit in exchange for money. She FaceTimed me for a little bit during the 2 hour time she spent with the guy showing me exactly how and what she was doing with the guy. I wasn’t threatened, and she became +$400 richer.  After that experience, she seemed very interested in using repeating this with the same guy plus acquiring more clientele. Suddenly my feelings towards this felt a bit off, knowing that essentially she wasn’t really doing much but being paid for being mean. She lost the initial client due to circumstances, and that was approximately a month and a half ago. Fast forward to present day, she’s presented her plan of investing in a guide on how to properly become a sugar baby. Suddenly I felt a lot more insecure with this idea because now she’s going to be more present with other guys in exchange for money. I told her I wasn’t exactly comfortable with this, and she argued that she wasn’t going to break anything regarding our relationship together. She stated she wasn’t going to cheat on me, it’s her just comforting and talking to rich older men for them to essentially invest in her. What rubbed me the wrong way was when she said “It’s not like you’re gonna just give me $1,000”. I trust my girl, I really do, but I want to know what should I do going forward? Should I be comfortable with her becoming a sugar baby? From an immoral standpoint she’s just doing a job where both parties agree, but I can’t feel like as her boyfriend, i shouldn’t be okay with this. Am I justified in my wanting her to do this?