So. I (20m) fell in love for the first time December 2019. My ex boyfriend (20 as well) had never been in a relationship, which wasn’t an issue as I never had either and was a virgin when we got together. None of those were issues but as time went on I think I fell harder than he did. I moved way to fast, but as the relationship progressed, I was checking in with him and asking if we were moving too fast or if he felt ok in the relationship and he said that he was fine every time. Then right around the time everyone went into quarantine, he came over to my apartment (I had just recently moved out and he had been living with me for a week since he was on spring break, but went back home after a conversation with his mom) and said that he “felt relief at the thought of not being in a relationship anymore” and that “he wasn’t ready for something as intense as what we had made, and he felt like it was unhealthy for him.” I can understand that because my mental health was taking a dip and we were both still young, but When I asked for a way to fix it he said that I just needed to let go. After that initial break up he texted me a few days later asking how I’d been managing. I told him all I’d wanted to do was hug him and I wished I could’ve done better.  When I asked him the same he said he’d been doing better every day since and that he still wanted to remain friends but he didn’t see us being together again. That was the last time I heard from him. It’s been two months and I can’t get him out of my mind. I’ve been doing everything I can (work, writing music, going to therapy, taking walks around my neighborhood) and all I can do is think of him. So I guess I’m asking should I reach out and see if he’s changed his mind? In the beginning he was very into the relationship, saying things like he could see us getting married (I said stuff like that first but he agreed) and that I was his favorite person and shit like that. The breakup felt like it came out of nowhere. I want to give him space to grow but goddamn I still want to be able to love him. Thanks for any advice!