So, my boyfriend and I have been together for about a year now and we are expecting a child in August. Things have obviously moved fast, but pregnancy does happen when you aren’t careful and I for one think everything happens for a reason. But currently something has come to my attention and it’s causing a real strain on our relationship. Let me preface this by saying I have pretty bad trust issues, my first serious boyfriend I dated for 4 years and during the entire time he cheated on me relentlessly, even with THREE of my closest friends. I finally got the courage to leave him, moved states away and shortly after (about 7 months) I got with my current boyfriend (I had one other short lived relationship in between so current boyfriend wasn’t the rebound) so the ability to trust is still very fragile for me. When you endure years of being lied to and made to think you were crazy it naturally takes a toll on you. Ive had a tendency to unfairly project those issues onto my current boyfriend, who really hadn’t given me any reason not to trust him, until recently. We’ve known I was pregnant for about 4 months now, and when we found out it was very hard on the relationship. We haven’t been together long and neither of us are essentially ready to have a child. However I know myself and an abortion simply wasn’t an option for me (I don’t disagree with abortion I just personally couldn’t take the emotional weight of it) so thus, we got into a pretty big argument about what we were going to do. He didn’t want to tell me what to do with my body but he stressed the fact that he was absolutely not ready. During the argument, he brought up a particular ex girlfriend of his, the one who he never talked about in a negative light as he did his other ex’s. He revealed to me that pretty much the same scenario took place with them, she had the abortion and it ruined their relationship. While telling me this he began to cry. He NEVER cries. It hurt me deeply to hear him talk about how much he loved her and see him cry over it, especially during such an emotional and life altering disagreement. Clearly, I decided to carry on with the pregnancy (I did give him the option of an out if he wanted it, because I didn’t feel like he should be forced into anything when ultimately the decision came down to me), and we made it through that patch. He’s on board now and is even becoming excited about our baby! Recently though, I had a weird feeling about his ex girlfriend and I just felt like he had her on his snapchat. I don’t go through his phone so I didn’t know for sure, I just felt it. He previously didn’t have any social media but recently made a snapchat bc I was always bugging him about using my phone to mess around on my snapchat. I didn’t want to be sneaky and go through his phone so instead I confronted him about my feeling and he told me that he did before, but had since deleted her. I asked if they’d been talking, and he said they had one conversation and after that he unfriended her. He told me she replied to a story he posted of baby clothes and was essentially angry with him because he was having a child with someone else, and they didn’t have theirs. I was upset and I questioned him a lot, because if there was any ex I felt like he could have residual feelings for it would be her. I was once again deeply hurt because in my opinion, to speak to an ex while you’re in a new relationship is disrespectful. My ex I previously mentioned reached out to me one time and I immediately brought it to my boyfriends attention. I feel as though he only admitted talking to her because he assumed I must have went through his phone and known. What also really got me was that all the times my ex cheated on me he used snapchat in particular to do it because the messages don’t save. Anyway, I asked him about any lingering feelings for her and he said there weren’t any but he doesn’t feel any negativity towards her and doesn’t feel he was in the wrong for talking with her. It’s only been a few days since this happened so it’s still quite fresh in my mind and I’ve been making comments on it here and there. Tonight he got extremely upset with me, and said if I question him about talking to anyone again we won’t be together. He said that I have no trust for him and my insecurity/jealousy is overwhelming. I do get weary pretty fast because the feeling of being betrayed is so engraved in my brain and I’m terrified of it happening again, especially with the man I’m having a child with and am very much in love with. I want to be able to put this past us, but there are questions still remaining in my head and I feel like if I bring them up he will end our relationship and especially while being 5 months pregnant I don’t feel like that’s something emotionally I can endure right now. I don’t want to ruin things between us but I don’t want this heaviness of wondering if he wishes I was her or that he could be with her to linger because it’s eating me alive. So my question is what do I do? I never got the FULL details on their conversation and I don’t know for certain he isn’t still talking to her. The people in my life are too close to the situation for me to get a valid opinion and I just want things to work out, the stress isn’t good for me or my unborn child and the strain it’s causing our relationship is damaging. We’ve been through a few very big things in our short time together that had the potential to break us and should have but we are still together. I feel like it has to be for some reason. I just want to resolve this before I do something I regret and lose the father of my child for good.