So I met this girl in February through a friend but we only recently started really hanging out. She was in the beginning stages of a relationship with a guy but he started sleeping with a different girl so that ended and then we started hanging out everyday. I mean I would go to her house for like 9 hours a day and just hangout. She’s constantly saying she wants me to meet some of her friends and telling her friends that I’m the funniest person ever. She will also tell me that she can really be herself around me and that she can’t really do that with anyone else. So In like the past week I got two confusing texts. Well not confusing but texts that confuse the signs I thought I was seeing. So first off she is the type that needs to be bestfriends with someone before she gets into a relationship with them. One of the texts was basically saying that she really appreciates me as a friend and really cares about our friendship and thanking me for dealing with her weirdness (she’s not weird). So that was like a week ago and she sent it randomly. And today I went with her to look at a car she was thinking about getting and we spent the whole day together. When we got done looking at the car we got dinner and she said that she wouldn’t let me pay this time (I absolutely hate when people pay for me or don’t let me buy dinner or whatever we are doing) so she paid and we ate then went to her house. We got bored and decided to drive around a bit. We both got tired and decided to call it a night by as I was dropping her off, she was saying how she was tired but she didn’t really wanna end the night and didn’t want me to leave. But she gave me a long hug and slowly left. Again saying she didn’t wanna stop hanging out. But when I get home I get a text from her basically saying that she feels like she being to clingy because I’m the only person she hangs out with or really wants to hangout with. So that would seem like a sure sign that she likes me but what’s throwing me off is that In the car today she was saying how she missed cuddling and being with someone but then she said that she should get used to it because she doesn’t like anyone right now and isn’t talking to any since the guy she just cut off. And she has said that she isn’t like interested in anyone right now a few times. I’ve asked a friend about it and have been talking to him about it for a little bit so he knows the details and even he says her signs are confusing. Like I don’t know if I am missing something or dumb lol. Like it seems like she likes me but then she will say something or do something that makes it seem like she doesn’t and just wants to be friends. Idk what to do, maybe y’all have some advice. Thanks!