**TL,DR My best friend got engaged, didn't tell me and just asked to confirm plans to hangout for my birthday** Background me and Steve, my best friend, have known each other for close to 15 years, went to high school together, lived together for a while, he's the first person I called when my dad died and he's current the beneficiary of my will. He has been dating a woman, Carter[27/f], for several years(4-5) now they live together and are very serious. Few days ago at a party I overheard Steve conversing with other friends, about Steve's upcoming bachelor party and other wedding type details how small its going to be venues and such. All things that were pretty clear had been in planning for a while. I just figured I missed part of the conversation but that's when I noticed Carter was clearly wearing an engagement ring. Steve saw me sitting there the whole conversation, and even then there was no oh hey forgot to tell you we got engaged. It really hurt finding out not only is my best friend engaged but he's already planning the bachelor party with people. Stuff I'm not invited too since he mentioned meeting with his groomsmen several times already to plan said party. I was and still am too embarrassed and humiliated to even ask him outright what is going on. As I saw all the people who knew seeing not only was I not his best friend I was pretty low on the list, I felt like crying. I just acted normal like nothing happened for the rest of the night and went home. Before this whole thing at the party happened we planned to hang out on my birthday in the next few days, plans he just asked to confirm and I don't know if I can face him. Does he just feel bad for me am I some kind of pity friend? Did I offend his fiance? Hell did I really really miss a part of the conversation and misunderstand everything? So I guess what I wanna know is should I confront him? Confirm the plans and just act like everything's good? Or Cancel on my best and only local friend to spend my birthday alone?