My friend and I have been intimate and getting really close to one another for the last 4 or 5 months now. We both have a really good time together, but recently and couple of other times we see red flags with one another like communication and think maybe we aren’t ready to get serious. About three weeks ago she let me know that she has the opportunity to sleep with two girls and that she is interested. She says she still loves me and wants us to be together and that sex with them will other be physical and not lead to anything. I told her that I really want to be with her and just don’t know if I can handle that mentally. I lost my virginity to her; she’s been around (both guys and girls) and says she hasn’t slept with a girl in a while or anyone besides her ex which she kinda separated with a month or two after we started seeing one another, and would kinda like to mess around with the two girls separately as a one time thing before we start getting serious. We aren’t technically dating so she does have the right to do what she wants I guess and she tells me the same. I tell what I want is for us to be exclusive and be with each other. Idk, last night was one of the nights she saw one of the girls. Idk yet whether they did it or not. I told her I don’t know if I can see you the same after you doing it. I’m really emotionally invested in her and she claims the same but this past week the click just hasn’t been there. I think I may have just lost confidence maybe in myself or us. I went through her phone and found nothing really besides the girl coming here, which she didn’t tell me. She found out I went though it and didn’t seem to upset, but I’m sure she feels the lack of trust now between us. It’s her birthday week, turns 23 on Saturday and I feel like I’m kinda obligated to plan something. Tbh I’d feel stupid planning it and paying for her meal knowing that this may go down the toilet soon. We’re also going to a cabin next week with some friends where she also may essentially get together with the other girl. I would like to talk to her about it, but like i said it’s just been shit recently and I would like to be cool and not fuck up things for her before her birthday. Communication between really maybe shit. Should I ride it out until after the cabin and see where this goes, see if I can still look at her the same and have a relationship or just break things off?