My girlfriend and I are freshmen in college and have been dating since December. She is my first girlfirend, my first kiss, my first time, my first everything. I know that she has had a total of 8 sexual partners in the past, 3 of them boyfriends and 5 hookups. However this fact has always bothered me, I have no problem with the thought of her having sex with past boyfriends, but I can't get over the hookups. I am not a person who would ever hookup with anyone, I don't beleive in one night stands at all, and I only beleive in having sex with love and in the confines of a relationship. My girlfriend had a boyfreind in high school and hooked up with one guy over the summer before college. We met on Halloween and became friends from them until we started dating in December. She claims she fell for me immediately and the only reason we didn't date sooner is because I took so long to catch feelings. However, I came to find out she hooked up with a guy right before Thanksgiving two weeks before we began dating. I know she had no clue we would be dating in two weeks but the fact that she had feelings for me and did that with soemone else hurts me, I would never do soemthing like that. That was the only hookup she had in the time she knew me and it was a guy she hooked up with in the past who also had a crush on my girlfriend which also unsettles me, especially because after they hooked up he told her he thinks he's a psychopath. I also can't get over the fact that my girlfriend had six sexual partners in the two months of college before we met. That may not seem like too many, but she dated a guy for a month of that time and another guy for a week of that time, which means she had four sexual partners in three weeks. She even told me that when her ex boyfriend of a month dumped her, she hooked up with two different guys on the same night of the breakup. I could never imagine having sex with two different people right after another. I know I'm probably being shallow and jealous and super judegemental for feeling this way, I normally try not to judge the sex lives of other people just because I don't partake in casual sex. However, when it comes to the person I'm in a relationship with I can't help but be hurt by it. Thinking about her past boyfriends never bothers me because at least she was in a committed relationship with them and felt love and saw a future with them. It's only the hookups that bother me and the interval of time of which they occurred in. Especially since she shows no regret and almost seems proud of it, which isn't a bad thing I guess but it just makes me feel even worse. I can't help but picture her with all those guys constantly, especially because my friend is friends with one of them and we have run into some of them on multiple ocassions and she always freaks out and gets scared and upset at seeing them but I can't feel sorry for her because those are decisions she made and doesn't even regret. I just feel like it cheapens our love and intimacy and I can't help but think if she and I ever broke up one day that she would just go out and hookup with a bunch of guys and that makes me feel awful. Is there anything I can do to feel better about this or get over my girlfriend's past? Am I just being too self-righteous and judgemental?