I live with my parents that are very religious and only  my mom and siblings know I am gay. I am scared to tell my dad because I don’t want to get kicked out. My mom avoids the topic and often pushes religion on my which is not my thing.   My parents are also very traditional. My siblings,  when they lived at home, mainly my sisters that are straight would have to lie about the fact that they were at friends houses or other places because believe it or no we still have to tell parents where we go when we leave the house. It’s almost like we tell them and they make it seem like we are free to go wherever but they will be passive aggressive and hold a grudge. For example I just got a great job and sometimes work late and my dad is often upset because “I’m always out and come home late”. I do explain to him, but it’s useless because he doesn’t believe it. To avoid any backlash we have to lie to in order leave the house in peace. Anyway, I know what some of you are thinking why don’t I just move out- great idea! Or maybe move in with your partner- no because she has roommates and honestly if I move out I want my own space I don’t want to depend of people for secure housing. I’m doing that now and I’m am unhappy. The only reason why I’m still here is to save money so I can leave. Now, my partner is tired of me lying to my parents when I leave my house and she feels like I’m hiding her- honestly I am but for selfish reasons to keep the peace at home. Not so much though because she did come to thanksgiving dinner and Xmas. I just don’t like to hang out with here here at home and don’t tel my mom where I actually do when I go to stay with her...I just want to save as much money possible so I can live freely on my own. Until then would I just not date until I can be free and not have to hide anymore? Should I break up with my partner? I don’t know what do do because she doesn’t want it to be like this any more and I don’t blame her! I just want to save money and get out of here because I’m not happy but I can’t survive outside of this house if I don’t have a good cushion just in case anything ere to happen to me or my car .. advice please!