He's getting bored of vanilla sex and he's been talking to me about trying out more kinky things. I didn't tell him no straight away but he knows I'm not into pain or anything like that, it doesn't interest me. It seemed like a such a big deal to him that I said I would try it out just to see what it's really like cuz I know it would make him very happy. So we decided to do some light bdsm for the first time. It was a lot more intense that I expected. He taped my mouth and taped my hands together behind my back. I was moved around very roughly, like he was literally throwing me around and it disorientated me.  I felt too overwhelmed and stressed to get turned on so when he got inside me it was really painful. He did do some foreplay but it wasn't enough. I started tearing up but I forced myself not to cry. He called me degrading names. Then he gave me a light slap on my face and I just broke down crying. The slap wasn't even a hard one, I didn't really feel pain. It's just like, such a personal thing to be hit on the face. I don't know how to explain it but it really affected me a lot and I couldn't stop myself from crying. He saw that I was genuinely upset and he freaked out. I got untied straight away and he started cuddling with me, telling me that he was sorry and he didn't know how much I was struggling. I couldn't really speak, I just cried. We cuddled for about an hour then I went back to my house and didn't contact him for two days. When I finally called him he told me that he wasn't mad at me for ghosting cuz he completely understands. We talked about what happened and he apologised again for taking things too far too quickly. He said he got really excited and had wanted to try it out for so long that he didn't pay enough attention to make sure I was really okay, and that he will pay a lot more attention to me next time. I said I didn't know if I wanted to do kink with him anymore. He was really disappointed. We talked about it for a while and in the end felt a bit silly for wanted to ban kinky stuff entirely because of one bad experience so we agreed to do it again but much slower this time. I still don't really want to do it. I don't know how I can tell this to him without hurting his feelings or making it seem as thought I'm not being considerate about his needs. How can I do this?