Looking up a word on the iPad and found a site my husband had not closed “Have an affair”- discovered his details with pseudo name stating our 22 yr marriage was over but had failed to tell me!! We were struggling in our relationship at the time after filing bankruptcy- lost everything but with four children under 17 I was crawling my way back totally focused on recovery working 3 jobs/ studying to improve the situation as he fell in decline returning from work leaving me to walk into housework, sorting the kids and the dinner. Having only returned to the workforce’s after raising the kids for 8 years I felt it was my turn to give more support and allowed his selfishness to go unchecked, now realised he was just doing whatever he wanted while I fell asleep prior to getting the dinner on, collect kids from sport and work. Of course initially tried to lie to me with my profession in mental health he had no chance as he slowly came clean. No evidence on the site he had met up but I know it was my discovering the process that stopped him not his shame or honesty. I worked for 12 months with therapy and he made major changes at home to be more supportive. After 12 months almost to the day- I checked his texts as I had stated I would and he agreed with- found a message personal but no name attached or familiar. Discovered it was a young woman of 24 ( we are both 49) he knew personally and had obviously been sending encouraging and flirtatious exchanges with. 18 mths ago,There had been nothing since this time until he sent her a merry Cmas message and she replied encouraging him to look her up next time he is out her way (30mins away).He admitted to it but as they were 18 months old and nothing happened other than a Cmas message claimed I was over reacting and need to toughen up . I am gob smacked as to why you would imitate contact with a person you were hitting on ( infidelity) while rebuilding a marriage- other than to test the waters again.The flood gates have opened,........ He is away working and I am only communicating via text on my terms- I have no way of proving his honesty but feel floored that he would lose respect for me (his words due to lack of attention) at a time in my life when I was performing extraordinary toward our recovery while also dealing with a 12 yr old son with suicidal thoughts. He wants to repair and accepts his bad decision ...Accepting I failed to nurture the marriage in the difficult 18 months I did not invite this pain into mine and the children’s lives/ it is no longer an even playing field it would be if we had both walked away respectfully.