I’ve know this coworker “O” for about five months. She knows I’m married and have two kids. From the standpoint of an adult male who has been around and knows a thing or two, I can tell she was crushing on me. Not really a big deal at first but it feels like her entire mood and demeanor go back and forth when I’m around lately. She’s incredibly outgoing and laughs and dances and sings out load. Other times when I come by the work stations she completely introverts and won’t say much. Then there are times she will come over and chat and laugh with me. She has her own thing going on, sees other guys and isn’t afraid to talk about how high she gets and when she’s last gotten laid.. she’s basically an open book. She’s been emotional as of late. None of this was really a big deal and I just figured she had things going on in her own life she was trying to straighten out but lately she’s done some stuff I’m uncertain on how to handle. She has now started “playing jokes” on me. She jumps from behind stuff and tries to scare me..... she sneaks behind me and kicks me in the back of the knee and she’s punched me on a few occasions. I’ve essentially let this all go and just laughed it off. A few days ago she was talking about some guy friend and I had to help some other workers and she kinda followed me over there and lurked around, she’s made a habit out of this lately. I caught her starring a few times but kept working. She started walking behind me and I turned to see who it was and she said, “huh”. I looked at her and said, “what’s up?” She gave me a weird look and knocked my papers on the floor... ANYTIME there are girls around our work stations and she comes up she will ALWAYS focus her conversation on me and the other girls will disperse. It’s getting uncomfortable because I feel I have to go out of my way to make it seem like nothing is going on bc I get a lot of attention from her. I’ve considered just asking her if I’ve given her the wrong idea or some impression of any kind but I figure she would just say no and move on. She constantly calls herself the queen of suppressed emotions... At the risk of being vain and arrogant I know she’s starts liking me and it seems like she doesn’t know how to handle that because I’m married. I have zero interest in throwing my life away over her and nothing but nothing will ever happen. I just don’t know how to approach this. I know she’s attracted to me and that’s fine but she’s gasping odd stuff and I’m worried other people are going to get the wrong idea. Any thoughts or ideas on how to handle this bizarre situation??? Thanks.