I am just turned 18 and I can't just take it anymore. My mom is against everything I do. I get a job she is against it. I have my internship she hates it for no reason and would unplug the router during an online meeting for no reason. I had 2 scholarships from the military because I was deemed vital for national interest and she was the reason I did not have it. Kicked the officers who came from home called school and tell them not to let them meet me and tell me what I should do in my life and should not as what to study. Against every plan doesn't get happy with anything. I have straight A's she tells me ohh there is a class you didn't have 100% in it and had 96% and keeps telling me I am not doing well at all. My Brother and Sister on the other hand barely pass their classes and they get praised and all. My brother doesn't want to finish high school and drop out and she is ok with that. But when it comes to me I tell her that I am planning to go into IT and Cyber Security and get a PHD in the future and she just keeps telling me that this is not a job and I am wasting my life and I just should go to medical school and be a doctor, while on the other hand my dumb brother he doesn't want to study and want to drop out is fine. I can't even hangout with my friends or go to their home or have a sleep over. The friends I am hangout with are good people she knows their parents and they do pray with us and all. Still she hates them and doesn't like them. I just became so fed up. She expect me to get permission if I am going to the college for example and if she said no then I can't go to the class. She expects that even if I am 100 years she can hit me or beat me to just make me behave well. I have never done anything bad no legal problems no drugs no smoking nothing. She was the reason the reason I lost 2 scholarships and many opportunity. I spoke to her told her I am old enough and that this is not how life works and she was like ok I don't mind changing all of that only you left my home. We have family therapy and therapist always support her. I don't know what to do. I can't leave rn and I lost the 2 military opportunities. I am just fed i don't know how to talk to her.