So my boyfriend and my roommate(who is my other good friend, we all live together) have a high school companion that recently came back into the picture and she is blatantly rude to me. I have been dating my boyfriend for 4 years and have had a close friendship with my roommate over this time. They are both males and their high school friend is a female. She has a weird kind of obsession/possession over them and constantly seems to be competing with me? I tried to become her friend too at first but pretty much from the get go it was clear how hard she was trying to make sure I'm not included.(Buying shots at a bar for everyone but me, snide comments at my expense, etc.) This happened for months and I brought it up with the people I live with but they excused it all saying i was overthinking. Over time they eventually noticed and said it themselves but they continued to invite her with no effort to include me even though i've expressed how it hurts my feelings when they do that. Makes me feel like im on the back burner ya know? Well anyways, this would be easier to get over if she didnt recently disrespect me and invite herself over on the day my best friend died(we were thick as thieves from the age 2-21years old) I told my boyfriend and roommate i'd be uncomfortable with their friend coming over the day i found out(i had been bawling all day) their friend kept asking to come over and i witnessed their texts saying my friend died and it wasn't a good time but then 15minutes later, who shows up at our doorstep saying "don't worry, i knew you guys would need my support" and then blatantly ignored me all night and comforted them? You guessed it. I've been growing a massive hatred for her after this and i realize its associated with my anger at the world but even after telling my boyfriend and roommate how i feel AGAIN, they continually invite her over. The behavior from her and them doesn't change and i've felt my rage and ferocity grow. How do i let go of this and make myself more comfortable around her and how they act with her? I don't want to hate anyone but i can't help but feel anger anytime shes around.