Ive been with my boyfriend for 7 years, I dont get along with his mom.. everything started when I moved in with them the first two years his mom and I got along really good we would go out shopping, eat, visit his uncles. Like every other human everyone has bad habits but her bad habit was to come in to our room without knocking or would just hang out in the room for hours I started feeling like I didn't have privacy in my own room I told my bf about it he talked to his mom and she just started thinking I wanted to take her son away from her when that was not the intention she started telling her friends and family I was jealous of her and I never really did anything about it I just let it go there was no reason for her to feel like that or say that she has even talked bad about me to my bfs ex telling them that "my mom doesnt love me" through out all these years there hasnt been a day that we dont argue about her getting in our relationship.. She would get mad if i didnt get anything that her friends wanted like "coffee" she would tell them I was greety it was the way her friend asked for the coffee that made me not buy it for her it was like they were demanding not asking everytime we would go to his uncles house they would make fun of my weight or the way I look. They would tell me I need to eat more that Im too skinny my bf asked his uncle and wife to stop and they just thought I was "weak" I couldnt take jokes. Years have passed and till this day I am still here I still dont get along with his mom we moved in to a better home and she does nothing but watch tv.. doesnt help around the house her way of living is type of a "hoader" I was not raised to live like that... moving to a new home has made me realize what I want for my future with my bf.. we have been living in the new home for 1 year 7 months and I have not been able to have my home the way I want to. The only thing I have asked my bf is to moving in together with me not to forget about his mom.. he is the only son I understand thats his mom but Im not going to let someone disrespect me or my relationship.. I want peace in my life and I feel talking to her wont solve the problem anymore. Theres alot more that I dont want to mention cause it hurts so much but If someone can please give me some advice on what I should do. Should I move out on my own or stay here and try to work things out I really dont want to stay.. his mom doesnt deserve to live my achievements ive gotten hurt alot from her and all ive asker is Privacy, and Respect. Please someone help me.