Ill try to be concise... I met a girl onky a few weeks ago. Both have history with addiction and really seemed to bond starting with that and continuing into life adventures in general...we have really been hitting it off amazingly. I was very interested in a relationship with her in the future bc of our connection. We both agreed it was one of those 1 or 2 real soulmate type deals. And then the bomb gets dropped on me she had started escorting a few days ago. I obv didnt know what the right way to handle it was so i was calm and we talked but the story and puzzle pieces just were all over the place. So long story short the next day i went tk her house and basiclly we sat in her bed and had a serious talk which was essentislly2 the save a hoe intervention....tbere were tears the whole deal. I felt like she was really receptive and she knew this is not the life fkr her but i could tell she wasnt ready to hang it up even tho she sees where it will get her...anyways to the chase... I've been contacting her daily as i am very scared for her safety and her life... We've talked everyday and im slowly putting the puzzle together day by day but today it took what i felt was serious turn and her "dealer" popped uup at 7am unannounced and welcomed himself in i was just so taken back i just sat there while they had an entire lifes great convo... Then she rushes mecout of her place which shes never done and i got info she rushed me out bc dealer t o ld her he was coming back and i knkw he wasnt coming back fkr a coffee... He was gonna grill her for having another dude around...im not stupid. And i literally prayed to myself he didnt beat her unconscious... Anyways shes obv been pimped out. She has 2 young daughtees at home who her parents have been watching while she goes on this run.... Ive never met her parents. They dont know me or im even friends with her. But since this am she has cut contact to me wont answer calls or texts and i just see this going bad. But i know ifci contact her parents shell never trust me agaain which is so stupid to sya aloud bc that's notning comoared tk how worried im sure her parents are and i aant to just tell them where she is so they can go get her . i found her mom on fb... I just dk if its my place to get her mother involved. Plz give some input... Im at a loss