So I have nothing against lgbt people and let's just say I'm not unfamiliar with it all. But I have a trans friend who only talks about his transitioning progress and ONLY that. I'll get messages with photos and lines of 'I'm feeling so great about everything, everything is just so so so great' (now I'm very cynical and have suffered from depression so when someone already messages every goddamn time to just say how great they are and only that I get quite frustrated with it) but I get doubly annoyed that he also only talks about his transition. I get that he's happy and all with it but I don't need it in my face all the time. I have other friends who I'll catch up with and we'll talk about life stuff and hobbies (I prefer to talk about hobbies I'm interested in. I bring up stuff I'm doing in conversations with him but it feels so stale talking to him about hobby stuff...or well anything since we're very different with different senses of humour). All of his social media is just posts about his transition and I've ended up unfollowing him because it's so annoying to see constantly. It feels like following those people who only post 'uplifting' life quotes and I just want to smash the unfollow button. We met at an lgbt parade but it feels like our friendship has never moved past a constant lgbt parade for him ever since he came out of the closet. I provided him support as he came out and began transitioning but I just hate seeing that a new message from him has come through. He's a good guy but it feels like there's nothing more to him than 'I'm a trans dude'. One time I was particularly down and he messaged saying how his life is great and asking how I'm doing and I just told him honestly that I'm down (I'm past hiding when I'm down) and it felt like he didn't give a damn and brushed me off. And I know most people including friends don't care for others but daaaamn he could at least pretend or stop telling me how goddamn great his life is and how he looks great now. I don't know whether to keep just saying 'that's great, you look good' whenever he messages and just satisfy him or what.