Since quarantine my boyfriend [M20] and I [F20] have gotten a lot closer in our relationship and spend nearly every day with each other. I think the isolation and lack of activity we are allowed to do has increased his hyperactivity. I first started having problems when he began chasing around my cats, picking them up in ways that pained them, and not releasing them when I told him to let them go. He’s not a cat owner and has ADHD, so for a while I excused this behavior. Now, not only is he hyperactive in his relationship with my cats but also with me. He grabs and squeezes my face and body, jumps on top of me, shakes me around, won’t let me sleep, etc. We have a very playful relationship so I’m fine with those things occasionally, but when he is never exhibits gentleness like he used to, it makes me feel like a punching bag more than a girlfriend. Moreover, I have an extreme issue when I repeatedly tell him to stop being rough with me and he chooses not to or quits only to do it again a few minutes later. Sometimes I’m so put out that I have to slap his hands away or push him off to which he tells me I’m abusing him and if the roles were reversed I’d go to jail. I sincerely agree my behavior is not appropriate but when my cats and I are in physics pain, how do I respond if he is not quitting based on me telling him to? I have had several conversations with him about how to healthily treat cats and to stop messing with me when I say so. He acknowledged he had problems and promised to do better. I have noticed some improvement with my cats (I typically stay at his house more often now/he is just being more gentle) but not when it comes to the way he messes with me. To try and reduce his hyperactivity, I have given him some stuff to play with like slime and fidget spinners but it does little to nothing. When I distance myself from him for a few days, I feel so lonely and depressed I usually make a point to see him again soon. I really do not know what to do because I truly love this guy and believe he can change, but I don’t know that I’ll be able to ever live with him someday if this continues.