I need advice on this situation: This is the story: I met my now boyfriend whom I love very much in July. July 15th to be exact. I was actually in a "relationship" (If you want to call it that) with his friend (lets call him mike) however I was ready for that relationship to be over..it was VERY VERY toxic and a lot of bad things happened during the time I was seeing this guy and tried to end things prior to that, it just didn't happen right away. Anyways, I met my boyfriend and the first day we met we clicked, we had an instant connection, and he felt the same way. A few days later he came over and we were hanging out, and were intimate. Problem was, he was married and living at home with his wife. We told eachother we had feelings for eachother and that was how we started off. Fast forward to 5 days later, "mike" had a lot of issues, one of which was alcoholism. He was home and coming off alcohol and planning on going in to a detox center. I ended up driving to his house which was an hour away to go see him and bring him to this detox center. My son was with me, and we ended up going to the beach because my son was bored sitting at his house and he lives right next to the beach. Well long story short, we ended up getting in an accident that night (minor) So that night I told (my now boyfriend) what happened but didn't get into details. Things were on their way out with Mike and pretty much over, I just didn't have the heart to say it, he had a lot of things going on, plus Mike was a spiteful type of guy so I didn't want to tell him something that would piss him off, However, it gave me peace of mind knowing he was going into a detox/then rehab...Even though Mike wasnt the person I wanted to be with, I still cared about him as a person and that's because I did share times with him when we were together. It is now February and my now boyfriend has contacted Mike to find out all the details of that day (which entailed me saying to Mike I care about him and love him, giving him a kiss and a hug). Well my now boyfriend found out about this and thinks mine and his relationship has been based on a BIG lie because I didn't tell him all this. In my mind, I just met him 5 days prior, he was living at home with his wife...and we were intimate one time. I started to catch feelings for him and we did have an instant connection that I wanted to know more about but we were not in a relationship. The most I got during that period of time and even after was my boyfriend sneaking out of his has at 12am to come see me for 2 hours then going back home to his wife. This lasted through the rest of the month of July and then in August he took his wife and child on vacation for a week, came back and moved in with me a few days later. During this whole period of time we were confessing our feelings for one another and seeing eachother when we could. His wife would also show up at my house and sit outside for hours, ring my doorbell, do anything she could to get my boyfriend to stop seeing me. He eventually left her and is now in the process of a divorce. Well fast forward to now (february) I am pregnant with his child, and he just found out all the details of this beach day from July. He has told me he will never trust me, I am not a person he wants to have a relationship with, I am a liar and a cheat. This has been going on the last 2 days and I've tried to explain my side of the story to him..that things are not black or white sometimes there is a grey area. So we will go back and forth and one minute he will be fine and the next he wants to break up... I don't really know what to do at this point.