Me (16M) and my girlfriend (14F) have a pretty good relationship. As a disclaimer, the age difference is okay with both of our parents, and I understand that we're both really young. So, my girlfriend and I have a really strong relationship and have the same exact core beliefs which is a godsend to say the least. The only thing about the both of us is that we are both very headstrong and tend to be " angry people"; if that makes any sense. Luckily, this doesn't turn into abuse on either end, but sometimes it feels like I'm receiving mixed signals. For example, she will look upset or just kinda perturbed so I obviously try to help. I just calmly approach her and ask the usual "what's wrong?" questions or whatever it may be. Sometimes I'm easily able to get it out of her, other times I have to dig deep in which certain times she retaliates. I understand how girls ( and guys) can be when they don't wanna outright admit what's bothering them, but that retaliation sometimes bothers me. What I mean by "retaliation" is that she sometimes snaps or just outright hurts my feelings. This feels long-winded as ever, but I promise I'm getting to the point. Situations like these and other times make me feel insecure about our relationship. It's been almost 6 months now and I've built a great bond with her, but I can't help but feel that strong feeling of insecurity. Now in past relationships, things have ended very badly ( most cases cheating or other bad things) and I believe that's a possible contributor, but I don't know. It's every little thing that scares me or just shows up as a warning that " maybe she likes that guy" or " does she even like me any more?". Now I don't wanna ever paint the picture that my girlfriend treats me bad; because she doesn't. Just little spark ups of arguments ( that aren't threatening) and confusing notions really put me in more fear than I already had. Granted my self-esteem wasn't that high to begin with, but I hate feeling like this at this age, and with this great of a girl. So Reddit, what do I do to possible extinguish and/or suppress this overwhelming insecure feeling?