Met this girl years ago during high school. I got close to her and caught feelings she had feelings for me to but was waiting for me to say something. Never got the chance to ask her out since I ended up moving. During the next couple of years we both joined the military the same branch actually. We kept in touch and flirted here and there. One day I was messaging her I told her my feelings towards her and she at first told me she didn’t feel the same way about me. I asked her if we could travel and see each other one day and pretty much date to see how things would go. At this time she’s been in Germany for a rotation and I was stationed in New York. So we planned that in the next couple of months she were to be taking leave going home. We texted a lot and she started to talk about us having sex and she seemed very interested in me but I knew something was off. She used to tell me how guys would try to get her drunk so they could have sex with her. I mean why would she tell me that? Anyways 3 months before we were to see each other she ghosted me. The first day I just thought maybe she’s busy.. waited a day later and messaged her asking if she was okay but then it turned into months. We message through Facebook and I never saw her come online. So I assumed she had ghosted me so I deleted our convo and I unfriended her. About another 3 months later, 6 months in total she messaged me on fb after I posted a couple pics and videos of one of my training events in the military and she asked if I could send her the videos. I was absolutely baffled... I was so confused and surprised that I messaged her 3 words WTF. She acted all confused and surprised. Saying she never ghosted me and that she was very busy with work and in the field. I have to say it seems like common sense to tell someone especially me that she was to be gone for months. But she didn’t... I told her that her stories were bs and that I didn’t believe them and she last replied with "okay" and I didn’t hear from her for months until I messaged her asking if she could just tell me the truth. She said the same thing I said to her when she messaged me haha. She said she was planning on going to see me after all of her "field training". I still don’t believe her and I don’t know what to do other than drop the fact that she’s lying to me and I’m being used for attention. What do you guys think I should do? Thank you.