Ive been seeing this guy for almost 2 months now and it's pretty casual we agreed on no strings attached relationship. But lately he's been acting strange and its kinda annoying me. I honestly feel like he's trying to make me jealous and i don't know why. I dont like him romantically and I know he doesn't either because he's still hung up on his ex even though they broke up 10 months ago. (I've even tried helping him get a second chance from her many times) We agreed on not having sex with other people (his idea) i told him that i dont mind if he sleeps with other girls as long as he is being safe about it. I don't wanna catch an infection obviously. He said he didnt like hooking up with other people and i agreed with it. Fast-forward we hadn't had seen each other for couple of days and he got mad because i kept rejecting his plans to hook up. I was busy. Since then he has been blaming me for sleeping with other guys which i obviously haven't and i wouldn't lie to someone about that, even if its casual. Since then hes been commenting about every girl he sees like hes doing it on purpose. He even asked me to set him up with some friends of mine. (which is awkward to me because i don't want my friends knowing i set them up with someone im fucking, and i def don't want him telling them our business that we are sex buddies) Yesterday we were watching something on my phone and i got a message from a guy i met through a friend a while ago. His behavior changed and once again he asked me if Im hooking up with him. Wtf. After that night we talked on the phone and he brought it up again. I told him that we can end our FWB relationship if he doesn't trust me. He said that he was joking around. Which i doubt because im really annoyed by his childish behavior. Im in no way attached to him but i really like him as a friend. Plus we have lots of fun. He seems really selfish and i don't know what to do. He acts really odd. I don't want drama in something that's meant to be casual..