43trans individual, my wife 41f lesbian. I told her earlier in the week I was feeling emotional and we had some deep discussions the last two days. While she was trying to talk to me about my facial hair I blurted out that I want a divorce. 3 years ago I told her I thought I was trans and she flat out said she is not okay with it and doesn’t find men attractive. We have been together this year for 15 years. In my mind I thought love would concur all, that she would love to grow me for me and not just my exterior appearance, but she hasn’t. During an arguement Sept 2019 I said I would not fullly transition by using he/him/dad/father/husband type language, but did change my gender marker to “x”, go by a nickname that is familiar and shave my face/chest/toe hair as she does not find it attractive and if I did these things she would stay married to me.  I admit I get lazy with the shaving, I don’t like sticking to my clothes it makes me super itchy and have texture issues, I am curious of what my face would look like with hair so I went 4 days of no shaving. In the back of my mind I woke up and said I should shave, but didn’t. She called me out on it and I blurted out that we should get a divorce then because of this agreement I made. I have been anxious about things because I feel like everyday I have to worry if I did enough for her not to want to divorce me and struggle daily with just wanting her to feel like she loves me no matter how I look and wanting to please and abide by my agreement with my wife. We’ve been to couples counseling and we have also both agreed that next time someone throughs the “d” word around that it would be granted. I just do want to loose the love of my life, my kids nor do I not want to feel comfortable in my own skin anymore. I have always loved her for her and her faults, but can’t let go of why she can’t reciprocate. How does someone say you can look male, sound male, like masculine things, balding, but if you don’t shave on a consistent basis or use he/him pronouns I will divorce you. Should I continue to fight for this relationship or let it go along with our life we built together?