This game runs like shit on my rig.   i7 7700k,1080ti 16Gig 3200mhz ram. game is on a Samsung evo 860 1TB SSD. I don't know why but I really want to figure out what is causing this as its driving me fucking nuts. I get this annoying stuttering in this game. another one that has the same issue is dishonored 2 and prey but this by far is the worst which from my understanding is the same engine as Re7. which runs perfectly fine.  I have not been able to complete the game yet so i don't no if it will get worse or what. but I'm up to when MR X chases you around the police station.and up to this point its been a stutter fuck. I have stopped playing due to the shit performance and its just really of putting to be honest. anyways I'm using Rivatuner to monitor the fps and memory usage in game. I'm running at native 4k  with vsync on as I cant stand screen tearing and I don't have a G sync display and the recommended graphic preset sets most things to max with image at 100% apart from the textures which it leaves on 1gb...yet I'm getting frame drops on the recommended setting .. in the police station when going through the dark corridor on the right , the room with the broken window and the basement with the fight. but the corridor seems to be the worst so far the fps will tank to the 40s but besides this I will get this random stutter when moving through areas and its totally random. but this is the thing that I don't understand. if I change the textures to 6gb or even 8 gb. and change image to 90% my frame rate is rock solid 60 and walking thorugh that corridor is still solid 60.. yet I'm still getting this random stuttering frame rate when moving the camera!! the games memory usage is total BS.  setting it to 6gb puts me in orange and setting to 8 puts me in red saying I'm using over 10gb!!.. rivatuner is showing I'm not even using 6gb so im not even running out of memory..but regardless of what I set it to I am still getting this stutter in my game. is this how it is supposed to be? If not then what could be causing it and how do I fix it..so far I have tried a few things. but nothing has fixed it. im running latest Nvidia drivers and windows is fully up to date. please help