So I was laid off in march. I work for a thrift store that is a non profit. Everything they do is incredibly questionable and employee's are treated like absolute garbage. We weren't notified the day we were laid off and many employee's came into work. We quickly found out that the store cut hours due to slow traffic. My thrift store was the first to close. I decided to check in with other stores and was told a lot from fellow staff. I decided to shop one last time and I overheard employees be called one by one to the office. A lady later came out and was sobbing as she didn't know what to do. Later on all stores closed due to the pandemic. So two months go by. No word from the higher ups. Until one day I get a call to work for a shelter. Now I have nothing against working in a shelter or with the community, I was really sick at the time and I politely declined. I was doing unemployment and I was able to get my claim as this wasn't the job I was promised to go back too. A while goes by I'm still very sick with fever, coughing, and a nasty sore throat. Another call. It was a different lady asking for me to work for the shelter. I asked questions about the position this time cause I was curious. I had a friend needing work. I told her I would call back, and before I could respond, she had changed her tune drastically "If you don't except this full time job, I'm going to call unemployment and YOU WILL NOT GET YOUR BENIFITS." I was concerned and I impulsively excepted the job. I had no experience in shelter work and she knew I was very sick. I later got support from my previous co-workers, and discovered that the company had mistreated them too. So I called around and was reassured I wouldn't lose benifits. So I called back and refused the job. I go back and I wait for the world to change. I see numerious news reports about the shelter and how overcrowded it was. Eventually I find out a thrift store was taking donations. Just the essentials for the shelters. Not even three days later they re-open. Some part of me misses everyday life and the other is upset as thrift stores are not essential. So after months of being inside, I pack up my mask and visit the one thrift store. The store was rearranged for space to social distance, but it was clear that the shelves had not been cleaned. The same merchandise was there from three months ago. No maskes had been worn as if they were told not to. No gloves, but the cashier and when customers were too close for comfort, no employee enforced social distancing. I did ask a dude about what was going on and he said that the company is opening all thrift stores. I had said that some people think it's a dumb idea and he actually agreed. All the employees were visibly upset. Now the company I work for let's customers walk on the employees, we can't speak up even if it was necessary. We can get fired for not following dress code to a T. We don't get overtime they make us burn it. Even the time we spend coming to mandatory meetings, sometimes on our days off. Everyday at work is normally hell even without the pandemic. I'm very worried to go back as I know the company does not care about us. They only care about the money for the company. They are not meeting guidelines that have been put into place and shouldn't even be open. I'm tired of them getting away with everything they do. They were even put on the news for the shelter threats. I know that they do good in the community, but they hide the bad. They go as far as to delete an entire Facebook thread about the negativity going on in the company. I'm just very upset about this and so are many co-workers I chat with. We had not even been notified of a potential re-open from the company. They have our emails upon hire. This isn't the only instance of mistreatment and I've only worked 6 months. The only reason I work there is that they pay really good and my co-workers are awesome.