I'm gonna try to keep this short and simple....I got hired as a cashier back in October to help a friend managing a small gas station[only get paid in cash per week and not on books] since I just left a restaurant as a cook/cahier/waiter due to poor managing and 7.25 hr...making about 240$ to 320$ weekly. Owner[restaurant] wanted half my tips when I was waiter because "waitress" or other "cook" called in for some reason. One day nobody showed up back in September because I had to take the order....enter it..go back to the kitchen and cook said food...many times. Owner wanted half my tips for "helping take out the food", while honestly sitting and conversing with said regulars. When she asked for half my tips after doing 3xs the work she did...she cut my hours dramatically..........fast forward to NOW issue. Left the restaurant . Started to work/help at the gas station I would go to after work [restaurant before]...friend I saw there all the time said "hey...we're hiring for night shift ...just apply and I'll hire you...because I'm looking for something better"..(she was head manager at the time). So I said yea sure I'll apply [gives contact info]...sure enough I start training on register 5 days later.....7.50 hr...after 3 months , 8$hr. [ to me it was a RAISE regardless]....at that same time at the gas station now...2 other girls were quitting (and I thought to my self ..."badass...more hours AND more pay)...so I continued. Easy job, just stick and sell. THEN the new Manager that took over her 6am -12 noon m-f....steps up. Remember...I'm working nights 5-10 or 6-midnight now weekends mostly. Hardly anyone comes to this gas station early....at all. What I get is the late night last minute drunks that want last minute beer. So in retrospect after many months, I stay easily 20-45 past my payed shift and duties. I question the "new" manager..."hey ...why don't I get paid overtime for cleaning and paperwork if I stay way after my 'schedule'?...yet for other new employees we hired since...she is always complaining nothing is ever done. But we have cameras and my stuff is always done...even if it takes me longer. But I AM convinced she wants to fire me..just looking for a reason (confirmed by one of the other 2 girls that left)....still here ....then this virus quarantine comes around and it's only 4 of us on shift rotations. And I still only get 19-21 hrs at most a week. I know she Is trying to get rid of me me...but can't afford to. And now that I can claim unemployment due to the virus. I'm asking for other ideas to expose this excuse of filth that is abusing power. .........that's the short version....but I'm guarding my own possibilities as well. Because I'm being taken advantage from and 100% sure of that.