So hear me out. Everyone has their own interests, their own fashion, their own taste. We all claim to be from some sort of social group. Emo, jock, redneck, stoner, workaholic, it doesn't matter, we all try to associate ourselves with the people around us. And we claim that we care about eachother. We all pretend to care about the greater good, but what a naive illusion. I choose to zone myself out from crowds, avoid the infection. And when you do you start to realize that all anyone cares about is the way people see them. The common human, the blind, they jump on band wagons; listening to what their friends listen to, wearing what their friends wear, doing the things and having the same ideals that their friends do. It comes from a desire to fit in...to be accepted to be popular. Anyone of these sheep would throw their true interests, their true beliefs, even their true friends under the bus so that they could seem to fit in with the crowd....just to get a higher social status. Think about it, how many people claim to be devoted to being a good person, to supporting their family, and this ideal is so common. But how many of those people would destroy someone else's family so that their family would have it better? Example, a man who works full time and provides for his family while ignoring the homeless and the poor; or a gang banger who says he needs to sell dope to support his family. He doesn't have to do that, I worked 7.25 an hour for so long to provide for my family, but no matter how bad things were, I never resorted to hurting people. All someone like that really cares about is a hustle. When you choose to hurt someone for you're own benefit even if its for your family, its still selfish. I believe we need a change, a change from ignorance, a change from selfish arrogance and a desire to be better than our neighbors. We need a change that truly incorporates the good of our fellow humans, all of them, no matter how rich how poor, how beautiful or ugly, how smart or dumb, it is time to start thinking about what is best for the Earth and for ALL of its people.