 Alright Everyone I join you all again on behalf of the Rimworld Modding Collaborative! Im here looking for additional modders and artists to help and assist with our Medical Overhaul Project. A quick overview of the project if you're not already familiar! Our mod project is currently being developed for both Version 1.0 and Version 1.1 of Rimworld. We set out to expand on systems already in the game and from mods we know and love such as Field Medic, Death Rattle, Medications + and many more. Our project aims to change how players interact with their pawns from a medical standpoint and change how players view pawn health forever. We are Still the Early to Middle stages of development but have plans to have included over 20 medications that will need or be able to be crafted from scratch that will treat a wide range of Both newly added conditions and current conditions that pawns can suffer from. Newly added conditions will include both Acute and Chronic conditions not see in game before. The project will be adding a few new crafting benches / items to facilitate the specific needs of crafting that will be needed.  Multiple new items such as AED’s that need to be charged, Intubation tubes for pawns with respiratory failures or decreased breathing drive, and Other items like Gastrointestinal Tubes for pawns that may have lost their stomach while in combat. These are only a few of the many Features we have plans to add in our ever changing development environment.  The Rimworld Modding Collaborative is currently built up of multiple members, Many of who you might recognize from other major mod releases. We would love to have you all take part in this project and help make our dreams come true! Any and all help is welcome no matter how big or how small. So if this seems like a project you'd like to become a major part of or maybe you'd just like to contribute a texture or two, then please reach out to me either via direct message here on Reddit, Direct Message on Discord At zhrocks11 (Zach)#7937 Or by joining our project discord at [https://discord.gg/wAsJer](https://discord.gg/wAsJer)  and we can have a chat and discuss future plans and making you a part of them!