Hello everyone. This is my first time writing on here but I’ve been reading other posts for a few months. I haven’t been diagnosed with ROCD but I’ve been having all of the symptoms for about 5 or 6 months and I can relate completely to most posts on here. I’ve been with my boyfriend for a year and a half and I love him so much he’s the most important thing in my life and I wanna be with him for the rest of it. What I think is ROCD started about a week after our one year anniversary. I got this thought about another guy and I panicked about just that one thought for a month and everytime I saw a guy I got the same thoughts. I compared all of them to my boyfriend and had many different instructive thoughts about them so I avoided all situations that involved any other guys. I felt extremely guilty and considered telling my boyfriend but I was too scared. I had those thoughts for a few months until it became more. One day I got the thought that I didn’t wanna be with him anymore. It lasted a few days and I cried and cried. Next it was focusing on all his flaws, everything he said or did made me cringe and it was only with him and no other person. This made me feel terrible because all the old things he did before that I never cared about bothered me so much. I’ve had all the instrusive thoughts you can think of. I’ve spent many nights on google for hours looking up things like “how to tell if you found the one.” “Signs you’re inlove.”, etc. Up until a few days ago, I always felt so much better around my boyfriend and never got any thoughts around him but as soon as he left they always came back but whenever I was around him I always felt relieved. But a few days ago I went to an event with him and his family. I’ve only met his family a few times, and all day I got instrusive thoughts about one of his family members. I compared him to my boyfriend all day , I got thoughts like “what if I like him?” “What if he’s better than my boyfriend?.” etc. Its been a few days now and I still can’t stop thinking about it. It feels so real. I feel so guilty and everytime I talk to my boyfriend I feel like a horrible person and like I’m hiding something. I feel like it’ll never be the same. This summer , we’re going to a lot more events with his family and this same family member will be there , I’m scared that I won’t be able to enjoy things and I’ll just have the thoughts. I just wanna go back to normal and I feel like this will never go away. I spent all day yesterday on here, google, etc, trying to stop the thoughts. I can’t sleep at night cause it’s all I think about. Everytime I think of my boyfriend I also think of the family member. It hurts so bad and I feel like the worst person ever. I’m sorry for the big paragraph but I haven’t talked to anybody about any of this since it’s happened and it’s getting so exhausting. All I wanna do is cry. Advice?