This is my first time posting and I really don’t know where to start. I’m 33 and I’m in my 2nd marriage. My first marriage I had been with him since high school and I would experience the doubts and I would search for reassurance from my friends and family. My marriage ended because of other things that had nothing to do with ROCD. At that time I didn’t even know it was a thing and just felt crazy. I started doing research when I started to have the same feelings and doubts 3 months into my relationship with my now husband. I am currently into my 5th month of having these doubts. It all started because of getting a new job I was so worried that I would have an affair! Which made me feel guilty for even thinking that, I hadn’t even started the job and was wrapped up in it...After awhile at the job I was able to tell myself that nothing was going to happen and I managed to get all the feelings that I needed to know that I loved my husband and we were back on track! But that lasted a week and I was back into it again. I’m just focusing on why I don’t feel in love, I’m scared of kissing him because I’m scared I won’t like the way it feels and sometimes I don’t like it. I’m interested in sex but then I’m not because I’m worried about the same thing and the whole time I’m wondering if I feel anything for him. I have tried to talk to my friend and my mom to get it off my chest through out the months but my friend is busy dealing with some problems In her own marriage and my mom just says she doesn’t think that ending it is what I want and I would be lost without him and she wishes she could do something to make it all better. I don’t talk to him about it much because it hurts him so bad, he knows it’s a thing and I know he tries to understand and not let it get to him but I can only imagine how it feels to be on the receiving end. We have a amazing marriage and it’s always been really easy between us,so easy it’s scary. I have three kids from my previous marriage and he raises them like they are his own and he has taken on the parenting role so well. We have a good life and up until 5 months ago I would catch myself always thinking I can’t believe I get to spend the rest of my life this way.  I’m sure this post is nothing but rambling and I know I’m not supposed to seek reassurance. But I just need to hear that someone has went through long periods of this before they recover. I’m mentally tired and I’m sick of myself really. I keep telling myself that you have to fight for your relationship and it’s not easy all the time and the feelings aren’t always there and that’s okay. But this time around I can’t free myself with those thoughts like I have before. I don’t want to give up but I can’t imagine having a marriage that isn’t good. I don’t want to put him through it. The winter months are always hard on me and when I go through the rough times it’s about this time but that isn’t even giving me any reassurance. I just feel like I’m dying inside and I can’t take it. I want to be in love with him and be happy and you would think that would be enough for me knowing that I want that but it’s just not. I’m just hoping for a few kind words and to know I’m not alone in this so I will keep pushing.