I am currently a diamond 3 in 3v3 and a diamond 2 in 2v2. I have been stuck in diamond for what seems like endless hours. I have almost 3000 hours yet i am still in diamond. I can't really get a grasp on why however. I feel like i have way above average mechanics for a diamond. I can air dribble consistently, and set up an air dribble from almost anywhere off the wall. I can do most high level "freestyle" mechanics as well. I can flip reset decently consistently, and i can ceiling shot consistently as well. I have also put a great amount of time into dribbling and ground game. I can hit the ball with a lot of power consistently, and at one point I tried the dribbling challenge to see how long i could go and I got 10 minutes of dribbling. I can hit most balls accurately in the air and with speed as well. I would consider myself to be good at hitting the ball off the wall as well. Now just mechanics I feel like I am better than 95% of people I play against, but I don't feel like I have bad rotations/gamesense/positioning either. I have watched several videos on 3v3/2v2 positioning and rotations, and I found I already followed most of the concepts already. Things on defense like if a clear fails and you were the one clearing it, or at least in the position to do so, you should rotate far post behind your teammate in goal and the person far post should be in net, and the person in net should challenge the center. On offense if my teammate is trying to make a pass, I usually put my car near the far post just a little past the actual post on the goal, ready to try and score or at least hit the backboard, and if I can't do that, at least get to mid field to defend any clears while my teammates apply pressure. Just basic rotations, however I often find that my teammates don't apply the same concept to their game, and instead are out of position on offense or defense. Sometimes there will be two people in the net at the same time on defense, and it results in an easy goal for the opponents because there is no one far post to clear. On offense, most diamond don't look for open passing lanes and just push the ball down the field, and try to make a shabby center by slowly rolling it up the wall, or just going to score themselves, and losing a 50/50. That isn't the only problem with this play. Usually, the 3rd person on the field(not me or the person leading the offensive attack) is merely following the person down the field looking for the goal themselves. This is not a problem in every game of 3v3, as some people (not many) look for a pass or try to make a good center, and at least keep a decent distance away from each other. Since this is diamond, I obviously can't be too critical of my teammates, I have seen even some champ 1-3 gameplay where the same obvious stuff happens, but these mistakes are hard to adapt to because there is no real solution in a game where teamwork is important, but most of these players do not seem to apply the same concepts as me. However that is only part of my issue, because if I am still diamond, there's a problem with me, not just my teammates. I find myself still making some mistakes because my brain is thinking that my teammates are playing the exact way that i have setup in my head, but I find that I am very bad at adapting to each teammate's style of play. I have a similar issue in 2v2. I usually get put with better teammates, however there are still many teammates who don't quite check in at all times. If i have a teammate who's only objective is the ball that's one of the more simple solutions. All I have to do is stay back on defense more and it usually works in our favor, but there is another kind of teammate who irks me. I find 2v2 to be a gamemode based on knowing when to challenge the ball, because if you don't, you lose. I get a lot of teammates who are back at our end of the field when i'm trying to set up a center or a pass, or anything of the sort, or when we're on defense, the opponent clearly has the edge in a scenario, but my teammate dives straight in, missing wide, and now i'm stuck in a 1v2 scenario with potentially low boost, or just a bad position in general, because I was relying on my teammate so I could maybe collect 1-2 pads and reposition. That's not my main concern, I just want tips on how to make my 1v2 game stronger so I don't have to rely on my teammate as much. Because, obviously, there is no way to control your teammates, no matter who you are.