Got my ROG Phone 2 in October 2019 from Wondamobile.com. Very good customer service and it arrived via DHL within a week of purchase with customs fees and shipping was included in the price I paid for the phone (£472). Overall I want to keep this short but to anyone on this subreddit considering buying this device it is worth it 100% especially since it'll be a bit cheaper now. I am not advertising either for Wonda but their customer service was extremely good because I had concerns buying from them at first but people on an LG Subreddit recommended them and so I took a risk but it was hardly a risk as they delivered and the phone was very well packaged, I mean a tonne of bubble wrap was wrapped around the phone and I remember having to get scissors to cut through the bubble wrap because it was so thick. They also had me concerned whenever they sent the IMEI number after my order had been shipped and I looked up that IMEI number and it said it was a ROG Phone 1 so I was very worried I had been scammed and sent a ROG Phone 1, I had made a mistake or they sent me the wrong phone. They emailed back pretty quickly and assured me it was the ROG Phone 2 and sure enough it is as benchmark tests verified it is, the speakers are the same on front and overall design of phone is the same so not unless I got shipped a really good clone 😂😂. The only negative I found was the firmware was not fully converted but that seems a common issue with the firmware on the tencent version as I'm pretty sure you can't use fingerprint scanner or banking apps unless it's fully converted. I followed this video to convert my firmware fully to global. Here is a link to anyone that wants to do this and I recommend subscribing to this guy as he makes good ROG Phone 2 videos. Overall if you're looking at this phone and considering it, buy it. I don't even game on my ROG Phone 2 though I remember trying out airtriggers and it felt like I was cheating but it's nice to have the airtriggers if I'm ever bored and want to play a game comfortably. Anyways guys this is my review and I'd like to hear your thoughts and feelings on your ROG Phone 2. It's a great daily driver for someone that doesn't game on their phone.