Met this girl when we were kids. We were each others first kiss. 6 years later as teenagers around 13 years old met at a Valentine’s party her friends told me she wanted to kiss me and talk to me. We didn’t because I was nervous and it was just weird. 15 years old I moved to the same town. We met at a gathering and parents noticed we liked eachother her and her family came over to my parents house. We then started dating. Did not last very long because her family kept convincing her that her ex was a better choice because her cousins wanted to get with her ex’s brother. She broke up with me. She would always message me here and there and tells me I’m amazing and flirts with me a lot when I see her she’s always touching me whether my hands or arms. Just big time flirting. We can not be in the same room because it’s like super intense. Stares smiles and just intoxicating feelings. It’s like we feed off each other.  We did not get back together, and every time I tell her my feelings she said she needs time to get to know herself and blah blah. She then starts dating a guy when we are about 18. She always messages me here and there. She flirts then notices that’s she’s going way tooooo far and then disappears for months or a year. She then gets engaged to the same guy. Rumors go around that she does not want to marry him but her dad is like forcing her to marry him. I joined the military at 23 and she always messages me and calls me before all my deployments and during deployments. She then marries the guy. And kept on calling me saying she misses me like she always does but not to the point of saying she misses me in a relationship type just like watching what she says. I then get married and she still talks to me until about a year ago. She went to some marriage retreat then blocks me. What do I do? And also I’m not as happy as I could ever be in my marriage wife is just way too different from me and we fight all the time. We just don’t fit well at all together everyone wants me to leave her but I know deep down she loves me and does try to change but we are just not compatible. I love her but not sure if I’m in love with her. I’ve never been inlove with anyone besides that one girl. And it sucks because I don’t know if I should wait or not sure what I should do. All my family besides my wife knows I’m crazy about the other girl but they said that girl made her decision but they all secretly wants us to be together but she’s married. What should I do?