My boyfriend (29m) and I (23f) have been sharing a 2 bedroom apartment with an older couple (50f) and (48m) and their grandson (11m) for 10 months. There are only 2 months left on the lease. I am also now 6 months pregnant. We did not know each other before moving in together, it was arranged by the owner of the company that my boyfriend and the 48m (Bill) roommate worked for. Bill is the one with the autoimmune disorder and is now on his deathbed. Bill was fired from the company that arranged the apartment and living situation about 8 months ago. He was fired for drinking on the job and putting his health at risk. His disorder causes him to not produce platelets and he was hospitalized 7 months ago. They warned him to stop drinking or he could die. He did not stop drinking and did not hold down a steady job the entire time. They often paid rent late and caused our landlord to put us on probation. He seemed like he was recovering until 3 weeks ago, when he was hospitalized again. While he was in the hospital his girlfriend the 50f roommate constantly talked shit about him to us and even asked us to pay more rent. We were splitting rent 5 ways because of 5 people and their grandson lives in the kitchen because there's no other room for him. Now that Bill is certain to pass away in a few weeks, his girlfriend is asking us to pay half the rent. Bill came home today with hospice care so he can pass away comfortably. His mother is going to sleep on the couch until he passes so she can be his fulltime caregiver. My boyfriend and I have already arranged another apartment that we can afford on our own; we needed a place for our new family. It has been very stressful the whole time we have lived with these people because of the constant drinking and being totally unreliable with rent and bills. We know the right thing to do is to continue paying rent until the lease ends in 2 months which we had planned for. However, we dont think we should now pay half the rent instead of 2/5ths. It is a hard decision to make because they are very compromised right now and going through a hard time but it is also Bill's own fault and he had the opportunity to prevent his death and ignored it.