We are a couple who moved into a flat with a friend and his partner. Mark and I are a couple and Sean and Phil are married. With the exception of Sean, we are all in the medical field. Sean works in the service industry. We went in knowing there was a possibility for conflict and we feel we do go above and beyond to make sure that socioeconomics doesn’t get in the way more than it needs to. Purely out of respect, we decided to put Sean on a pedestal because with the information we had about him, we knew it was the only way to not be unknowingly dismissive. But its getting hard to match Sean’s personality all the time. Sean is highly extroverted and his world is dominated by people, while, the rest of us are introverted with rather strong personalities seemingly ruled by ideas. Mark, Phil and I work long hours, have our own hobbies and do reviews and projects together. Sean has more time and enjoys the couch. We don’t mean to condescend in any way, but the dynamics on paper, is a rough set. We became really close and things were very decent for a time. There are many times where we must excuse ourselves to talk about our work and to assist each other. Understandably, Sean feels left out, but that is something he must understand on his part. Many of our conversations do steer high-brow and I, at least, feel rather uncomfortable at times because I can just tell its burning his soul. I briefly steer the conversation back to Sean on intervals, much to the pleasure of Mark and Phil, who are less willing. I understand most of the time, if not always, he feels left behind and unrelatable. No matter how much we support his ego and reassure him that he is an integral part of this household...its not getting through to him. Depressed, paranoid and petty behavior from Sean is starting to look bad. He feels a real need to force himself into view by literally and figuratively thrusting himself into the middle of the couch. Many times, Sean will insist on being in the room until he is certain the night is over and we all head to bed. It was okay until Sean started actively trying to keep us close yet separated from each other. It was too obvious and sudden outbursts from each of us have occurred. This kind of behaviour does not work well with stressed introverts like ourselves. It doesn’t help that Phil is visibly stressed and I’m certain they are having talks about his behavior. We’ve been able to be patient through inner thinking and outwards understanding. Sean is extremely upset that because of this coronavirus pandemic, he is staying at Phil’s upstate home while we are still living in the apartment. He has reached out all of us saying he would rather catch the virus. Phil won’t have it and there’s been a barrage of messages from Sean trying to persuade Mark and I to convince Phil to let him back into the apartment. We are now in a state where Sean is the least of our concern and our patients are the priority. I am very tired of this second grade bs and looking for ways to better integrate Sean when this pandemic is over.