i've been a long time fan of RT/AH. i have the AH logo tatted on my left forearm. most of my best friends i've either met directly through the community or by consequence of meeting someone in the community. but for the last 4 or 5 years i've been witnessing the decline of the content, the community, and frankly the behavior of the employees. you can tell. you can see it in the writing of original shows, you can see it in the lets plays and the podcasts. you can see it in the joel situation. you can see it prevalent pretty much everywhere in the community. RT as a company (from here on out i'm referring to both RT and AH when i say RT) is no longer about the fans. the passion behind the projects is fading, every time you turn around there's some kind of drama within the company, some kind of accusations, some kind of fuckery going on. i did enjoy RT content for a long time. i enjoyed the thought of going to an RTX. i've been to 2. i enjoyed the community surrounding the content. but these days it's just empty scripts. employees are being treated like shit. fans are completely disregarded if they disagree with anything going on. and the company as a whole is so quick to jump on the "fuck you" bandwagon. all it takes is for someone to simply suggest something and all of a sudden it's a witch hunt. there's  no professionalism. nothing is handled like adults should handle it. and let's not forget when they made a company decision to hire names like michael b jordan and david tennant, which is indisputably a large part of why they had to let go of a bunch of their employees. there was so much potential for RT. they had a good thing going. but for the better half of the last decade all i've been able to do is sit back and enjoy the shit show. i would honestly like to see RT go under at this point. no malice towards any of the talent, and they are very talented individuals. but everyone working together is just dragging the entire ship down. split up. go your separate ways. start new projects with more people who are like minded. i might even attribute a lot of the controversy to the attempt at pandering inclusivity. they have black. they have white. they have asian. left, right, center, male, female, gay, straight, they employ the entire spectrum. but they employ the entire spectrum of people who are very vocal and opinionated. which inevitably causes clashes. and nobody at RT is properly qualified to resolve a conflict, much less many of them. so one person usually ends up just shutting the fuck up and moving on, only to carry that with them in a later interaction. Rooster Teeth has become such a toxic environment. both at work and online. it's absurd to me how you can successfully divide more people in a much larger way than even most political debates. this entire company has become a joke. i used to be a proud fan. but now i am proud to have left all the drama and bullshit behind. i will never regret my tattoo. that's still a reminder to me of the good days, and frankly how most of my young adult life was shaped. but any time i'm asked about it, i just say; "yeah that's a production company that i used to watch. they made some good content. but it's gone drastically downhill."