This story takes place in the first d&d campaign I ever played in which everyone who played it including the dm can agree was a hot pile of garbage. We were 13 at the time and had no fucking clue what we were doing but our characters were as follows: my friend jackson as an elf sorcerer, my friend zack as an elf Druid, my friend deven as a halfling rogue, me as a gnome bard (for context I was a paladin previously but being lawful good for a campaign of new teenage adventurers is a horrible idea), and this guy that most considered acquaintance at best, Brandon the elven ranger. One thing you’ve probably already noticed is nearly all of us are elves and none of us are normal classes like fighter, wizard, or barbarian. Another thing that makes this horrible is we didn’t read anything about our classes before we chose them or while we played them. We went off the pictures in the handbook and what our dm said they’re niche was. But now with all the embarrassing backstory out of the way let’s get to the story. It’s about 3 sessions or 4 in and we’re following this man back to his commanding officer to demand justice for the town he and his unit pillaged. Along the way we discovered a ruin and decided to take a look. Only me and the ranger were intrigued and decided to go inside. The first few steps, disaster struck. As we climbed down a ladder it fell and we both took around 5 damage which is a lot for a ranger and a bard at level 2 or 3 (I can’t remember). When this happens we shout up what happened and our rogue and sorcerer bring a rope and come down with us this time to investigate. All we find is a room with hellhounds chained up in the corners whimpering like scared puppies. I call it sick and get back up to the surface leaving the dogs to their fate. The rogue, sorcerer, and ranger decide to kill the dogs because they’re hellhounds. They proceed to do so but are struck with poison darts right after and wake up in a room with a mysterious man all of them chained to tables. The sorcerer is branded with an enchanted cut making him unable to cast magic for 24 hours. The rogue manages to get one hand free but has his pinkies cut off and escaped hands fingers broken. The ranger is force fed his bird (since I’m 3.5 druids get animal companions and he cross classed). And they’re thrown back up in bad condition. We heal them with the few spells and health potions we have and decide to go our merry way. However the ranger says no. He says he’s going back to kill the man. We all tell him he’s alone on this one and we’d wait 30 minutes for him in game time and no more. He goes back down and the dogs had been revived. He goes to kill them again and low and behold his shitty character can’t even kill one of them without being knocked out again by the man. The man laughs in his face and transforms him into a hellhound and chains him up like the others. He’s dead pretty much. Dude legit admitted he killed himself because he didn’t like ranger. Now if he wanted to switch classes that would have been fine since I had already done the same twice from paladin to bard and then bard to samurai but he didn’t even ask. He also did very stupid things later on in the campaign to the point where we as a group didn’t even like playing with him. For example a lich had sieged a city and in the aftermath guards patrolled the streets moving bodies and he decided to try to loot the bodies despite being told by the dm the guards were literally everywhere and he’s made of metal so the chances of him succeeding were 1-none. Still does it anyway and then is annoyed at us for not paying his prison fine.