 have lived my entire life so far with the surname(last name) Dick. Well people seem to be very immature when it comes to stuff like that well when you’ve been on the planet for 29 years things soon become a broken record. Well I was always the most irritable when it came to be bullied so I was the target for most bullies. One day my senior year in high school I had a fellow class mate think it would be funny to kick the bottom of my foot while I walked I told him to stop 4 or 5 times to which he just laughed off. He did it one more time and I spun around and like a move you would see on WWE raw/smack down I had this kid in a one handed choke hold and slammed him down on the floor. Needless to say he got a butt whoppin. I got pulled off of him by 5 teachers he left in the meat wagon(ambulance). I got held behind and had to be picked up by my stepdad. My mom wasn’t off work yet. When my stepdad came to pick me up the principal called him inside to talk. At this point in time I’m outside the office keeping an eye on my little brother. When my step dad came out of the office he gave me this proud dad look and we went out to the vehicle. He told me the discussion and that I was going to get my punishment the next morning. I was more terrified of my mom than my step dad. She knew what happened and she wanted to be me senseless. My step dad said why punish the boy when he stood up for himself. She said he put him in the hospital and my step dad to my side again I’m sure that kid won’t fuck with him ever again and I guarantee you that he won’t be bullied anymore. Well the next day rolls around and I’m sitting in the principal’s office state cop sitting in the office as well. The state cop takes my statement and said that he would have to have my parents involved and wrote down all the info for them on his card. The principal was going to send me to a behavior school for a week for my punishment. When I got home I told my step dad and mom what my punishment is and to which her response was what?!. My stepdad grabs the phone book and looks up his number. Hands her the phone and reads off the phone number. The principal’s wife answers and my mom asked her if the principal was home. Principal is on the phone and my mom was up one side and down the other and back around again asking what the other kid is getting for instigating the whole ordeal. She didn’t like I was being put into a behavior school for standing up for myself when the school staff should have stepped in and didn’t. So the principal knowing that he now would have a bigger issue agreed to giving me three days ISS which really turned into 1 day of true ISS and the other two I just kept to myself and worked with the custodians.