This happened in 2008 and was twelve at the time. During this time I went to a private Christian School and that year was the first year I would ride the bus to school and home since I was to old for aftercare. This was new to me but after a while I got used to it. Only problem was one of bullies named sailormouth (not his real name) road the same bus as me. Which wouldn't be too bad of a problem except it took me almost an hour to get home from school. On one particular day I was riding on the bus trying to relax by doodling, when saliormouth decides to talk garbage about me loudly to all his friends. Me sitting two seats from the very back and him sitting in the back seat. Me with very good hearing heard very word. He said very mean things about me like how I have no friends (I was a socially awkward kid and had a hard time talking to new people), how I had lice in my hair (I didn't I just had a mild dandruff problem), how ugly my face looked (I was going through puberty at the time and had terrible acne cause of it), etc. and his buddies just laughed it up. For about 10 minutes I put up with his crap until finally I had enough I then turn around and told him to stop. He then got mad at me and called me a stupid b-word and and told me to shut the f up. He also said a bunch of other curse words that I don't feel very comfortable saying on Reddit. I then got mad at him and told him that he's being mean and stop it. He then ignores me. I continue saying his name and telling him to stop ignoring me and to listen what I had to say. He then says more curse words to me and to mind my own damn business. He later gets off the bus and I told the bus driver. The next day me him and every other kid that rode that bus with us that day had to come into class where we talk to the principal and the bus driver about what happened. Of course Sailormouth denied said claims of cursing and bullying. Unfortunately for him the school buses we would ride on everyday had cameras on it that record video and audio. Our school had a zero bullying tolerance so yeah he was in big trouble. Sailormouth was now banned from riding the school bus and how to either take SEPTA or get picked up by his parents. As for why the guy bullied me, I have no clue. I don't know if it was because her wanted to fit in or if he had some issues with one or both of his parents and wanted to take it out on me or what. After what happened to sailor mouth I have no idea. I just hope that over the span of 12 years that he got the help he needs and maybe one day he might be a better person.