I had to wait years to get revenge although it was small  boy it was satisfying. So some background when I was 15(I’m 21 now) my mom passed from cancer . Everyone took it hard but my dad was destroyed he lost his partner of 18 years . My brother graduated later that year so my dad and I decided we’d move to another state to be closer to my dads crappy brother and his family . That’s when the BS started. I took care of my dad due to him being extremely depressed (who wouldn’t be) and his bipolar disorder along with a few other health problems. My uncle would constantly treat me as his slave and stop me from getting my dad help “because he didn’t see the need for it “ . I hit my breaking point when I found my dad attempting suicide(not his first time) my uncle REFUSED to allow me to take my dad to a mental institution. “He’d be better around family anyways you stupid child” I begged him to allow it as it’s helped him before and he refused to believe my dad would try again if he was around family. He was dead wrong . About a few weeks after the one year passing of my mom my dad ended his life. He left when we were asleep so we couldn’t find him to stop him . When I wake up and I can’t find my dad I’m calling everyone trying not to panic. I tell my uncle I’m calling the police he’s gonna kill himself which he refused to believe me and told me not to. I gave it about 5 mins and I called them . My uncle was livid calling me all sorts of names . In the middle of his screaming I receive a text from my dad. It said”baby girl never forget how much I love you. Your mom and I are so proud” as soon as I read it others are receiving similar messages. I tried calling my dad 54 times and texting him begging him to please dont do what I thought he was going to doand I needed him. It failed . The police found my dads lifeless body the next morning. I’ll spare the hearting shattering details. Expect one when we went to view his body my uncle pulled the sheet they had over his body up to his chin  a little to hard causing the blanket to loosen and fall lower . Where me being by his head saw the gapping wound where he slit his throat. Now I call my aunt who  instantly books a flight to me as well as informing everyone else my aunt takes me to her hotel with her. We had to find me a place to live . She worked so so hard to find me a home(she’s still my hero). An few days later she has to leave and drops me off at pos uncle house. The moment she leaves the screaming began telling me I just left him I was selfish didn’t care how he felt. He then said the words that I still hear to this day. “I hope you know he killed himself because of you.maybe if you weren’t such a bitch you’d be tolerable “ my great aunt drove 18 hours to come get me and become my guardian . My uncle would constantly bully me telling me I’m horrible ,i won’t amount to anything in life ,I’m a penny worth whore ,refused to send me my fathers ashes and sold my moms wedding ring,etc. flash forward to a few days ago my uncle messages me and asks how I’ve been . I knew he wanted something . He then asks if he could have money because “he messed up” and “we’re family so I should do it”. I guess I should mention the fact I’m doing okay in life. I worked my ass off in school and my college has been paid for through scholarships and such. I’m in school for nursing. (I love it). When he asks I just smirk like the grinch when he thought of his evil  plan. I act as if I’m soooooo worried about him and of course I’d send him money. Well this penny worth whore decided to give him my worth . ONE SINGLE PENNY. He then screams “how am I going to buy meth with this” my revenge got a tad bit sweeter. I called his state officers and left a Anonymous tip saying” I think there’s someone at enter address doing hard drugs around their children and having guns left out everywhere including his yard“ which I found out was actually true . So uncle guess who isn’t amounting to much now. It was a small revenge but damn it was good . I tried to keep it as short as possible. TL;DR I got revenge on my uncle who blamed me for my dads suicide