I've been watching your videos for awhile now and I never thought I'd have a Karen story but yet here I am. Ok I'm 11 so no cussing. It was memorial day and me and my mom decided to visit her grandparents grave so we did we brought plastic flowers my mother had arranged. After that we went to Walmart and I got to were my Minecraft creeper mask I like to show off. Anyway we started shopping and kept bumping into Karen and her kids who looked exactly alike same hair, glasses, teeth, face, you name it. It looked like Karen kidnapped a bunch of doppelgangers. And Karen looked like this she had a blonde ponytail and was wereing a white shirt blue spandex and flip flops. And like most Karen's was over weight. About an hour later we checked out. So we started to chat with the cashier. When we heard the dreaded voice of Karen fortunately she wasn't talking to us she was talking to I'm sorry screaming to a employee at customer service. Karen:a Chihuahua charged at my service dog that I need! Do something! Now Karen didn't look like she needed a service dog I mean she could have asperger syndrome or anxiety but didn't act it. Even if she was mentally ill she would have been taking advantage of it which is not good. Me mom and the cashier all did the responsible thing to do and started to make fun of her. When she yelled so loud everyone could hear her. Karen: I have my rights the disabled rights movement of 19 something something! At this point I was tired of her so I pulled an ace venture and started to mock her in a Karen voice me: my service dog! The disabled rights!" After 10 minutes we left Karen was standing outside with her kids who looked very embarrassed and dog. Me and mom stood with with when the dog who had been barking for almost 30 minutes started to bark again. Karen said it was because " he's stressed from being attacked!" After that me and mom  got in our car and left laughing. Then m said this: if that women needed a service dog it would be for stupidity! I'm surprised that a Karen  didn't harass ME for being non binary or a furry or because of my creeper mask and how " my precious angel wants it!" Any way that's all please put this in your next entitled parents video or "I'll Sue you!" Lol have a nice day 😺