This is pretty short but thought I’d share. Let me set the stages (also typing on phone so I know my grammar sucks lol) but anyway to start off I have epilepsy, my last one was New Years meaning that I cannot drive for 6 months. My seizures happen randomly and no one knows the reason why l, so until we find a reason I am prohibited to be behind the wheel at all so my transportation depends on my ride making me sometimes a few minutes late for scheduled events. When I got a job at retail job I relayed to the manager all of the information I stated above and he said that he understood and to just let him know when I’ll be running late. Okay cool he understands right? Well over my 7 months of working there I have been late about 5 times as one of my rides aka my coworker was purposely trying to make me late by picking me up 10 minutes before work. I guess to come when she pleased and grab food while at the same time using the fact that I can’t drive and she had to get me which is why she was 15 minutes late. I had a bus system take me sometimes as well but sometimes the people they have already filled the open positions have me to ask around to everyone for a ride. Well recently during the MLK weekend, my mom was my only form of transportation and she had something she had to do before she could drive me to work at 10am on MLK, and she told me this Sunday. So I text my boss letting him know I’ll 10-15 min late and even volunteered to work full 10 hour shifts to make up the time I miss. And he says “OP you can’t keep doing this this tells me you are very unreliable and irresponsible and can’t do your job!” Now let me just add that the day before (Saturday) he was praising me and my work talking about how I give 200% and how he’s glad to have me and to suddenly go off like that surprised me. He sent me another text saying “fine if you can come in by 12 you can start work if you show anytime after then don’t bother on coming to work that day” I replied “okay thank you very much I’m really sorry” not even 5 minutes passed before he sent a text saying “don’t even come to work” I was confused giving how it was a hot second when he just said I can come at 12 so I asked if he wanted me to come to work or not he said here is your new schedule and set it to where I only worked only Saturday for that week. I responded “Okay” and now since I suddenly have a day off my mom and I decided to go to the MLK breakfast before she did some work. The food was great and had a great time listening to the speeches and admiring all the women wearing fur coats (like fam where do you have the money for that, I hella broke lol) and as we were leaving I received a text message from my boss. “Hey do you think you can come at 3 ish today and if you can come earlier than that’s fine too” when I saw this me and my mom laughed and I told him “Sorry I only work Saturday” and left it at that. When he finally sees me Saturday he was acting sweet and pretended nothing happened. I just laugh when I got home and decided to start looking for another job. Wish me luck!