Before this update where the NPCs would spawn at static locations in the heart, it was absolutely amazing for getting kill count, and wasn’t a boring a grind like it is now. When they would spawn at their respective factions, and group up through going to all areas of the heart to kill each other, you would be able to find massive groups of them occasionally through hopping worlds, or being on a world long enough. To be able to corruption ability them (such as corruption blast or corruption shot), and get full, or nearly full kill count in about 5 to 8 or so corruption abilities, It was absolutely amazing and it felt like such less of a grind compared to getting kill count in the original God Wars Dungeon. Now it feels like it takes ages to collect full kill count, and I’m starting to dread going to The Heart when I need to get kill count. It takes so much longer. It kind of felt awesome as well to be able to do something like that. To be able to see the full potential of the corruption abilities at full display. Not only that, but it  doesn’t even feel right now to see how NPC spawns work either. Not only does the fact that the kill count is worse to get now feels off, the whole kind of god war aspect of The Heart feels off now too. It was so unique before. I’ve never really been the type to get into lore on games or anything like that, but stuff related to the gods on this game, always kind of intrigued me. To see god factions fight for their factions, by literally running into the other factions and grouping up to take them down, was pretty cool. That’s just gone now. It feels like I’m only on a grind to get kill count and not in an active war zone, just like the first God Wars Dungeon. I feel like it should be reverted to how it was before. I saw the reason for the change was to improve server performance, but it still feels like that wasn’t affected, as I still have server lag in the middle of the day. It’s just doesn’t feel right to see something that gave The Heart identity, and also made kill count being way quicker, being stripped away.