Hi all, going to try to make this brief but i feel this is the best place to put my thoughts down. Just some background, I'm no elite athlete. The furthest I've ever run is a half marathon (albeit I've done a handful), and I'm not terribly fast, especially given my age group (M, 23 actually as of today!). I'm just a guy that really likes running. I haven't been able to recently and it's honestly affected my mental health pretty badly, as running is the purest meditation I have and know. I've trained seriously for about two years and have absolutely fallen in love with the sport. I think that all of us, no matter distance or speed can relate to the feeling of tearing up a route, especially one we used to find challenging and just feeling awesome. Feeling free. I read a quote once that 'Running is rebellion' and when you think about it, it really is. People think we are insane. We wear neon dry fit clothing, we spend hundreds of dollars on shoes and races, and we train through the worst of conditions. But at the end of the day, we do it because we can and because we love it. When you go out for a run, everything in your body is telling you to stop- heart pounding, legs tight, lungs on fire, but we do it anyway- rebellion. I've recently come down with my first serious running injury, and I'm rehabbing, and it could be way worse, but man does it suck. It's a reminder that sometimes, things are out of our control. However, if we approach each day and each beautiful moment where things do align for us with gratitude, i don't think its possible to have any regrets. I've been there- a 12 mile run scheduled for a day in upstate new york with wind chill of 12 degrees and thought man i can't believe i HAVE to do this. But in hindsight, that was never the case. I GOT  to do it, and sitting through injury  I would give anything to be able to get after that run right now. I know I can't offer much new commentary on the subject, and I apologize for bringing it up, but it has given me a whole new perspective in the middle of this rut I've been in.  I was born less than a year after kobe bryant was drafted and grew up watching the guy. I'm not a lakers fan and was never a serious basketball player, but he's someone i think every athlete can and should admire. Beyond his work ethic, I admire the way that he lived his life. I think that while kobe was on the brink of being able to really explore avenues of life outside of basketball, he would look back on his life with little regret. Every day he got up and pursued what he loved relentlessly. He had a signular focus and he gave his all to his craft. No one hated injury more than Kobe, but he knew that each setback gave way for an even more powerful comeback.  I know I'll get back to running soon, and that I hopefully have many runs ahead of me, but these past few weeks have made me realize, even when its 12 degrees outside, even when you are hungover or tired or sick, you GET to lace up and rebel. You never know when it could be your last time to get out there. go do it.