I don't like to go on social platform and talk about this stuff. Recently I found myself feeling screwed with corona. I feel like I have no purpose right now, I wake up and sleep doing the same exact things. I feel like these exams are harder to eliminate academic integrity. I just wish things were different and we could go back or that professors would be more accommodating to students and try to help them and give them resources they need. I feel unmotivated to do anything and have literally only left my room to go out and get food and other necessities. And then what makes it worse is my summer program got shut down so I have nothing to do till the fall. I want to do my part and do something and help people out there, but I haven't been able to do anything other than not going out. I just kind of wish that things could go back to normal and we can all wake up from this nightmare and do the things we love again. But I also feel very fortunate to be able to have shelter, food and water, a caring family, and the internet to help me get through this. I know many people all over the world do not have that access to those things and I genuinely feel blessed to have these things. I hope that any student or students who are not as privileged in our community are able to get the resources they need. I know that many organizations are doing their best to help and that Rutgers administration is trying to work with these students and help get them the resources they need. I hope to be a resource in this subreddit to help anyone here. Please feel free to reach out if you guys need anything and I will try and work with you guys or point you to the right direction. Even if you just want to talk and rant about something feel free to hmu. I hope that the Rutgers administration and professors understand student difficulties at this time and work with students to make a minimal stress learning environment. I know there are many strategies that other universities are using for online exams and online lectures that could be beneficial for Rutgers administration and faculty to utilize.