first off, hi i’m ari, im a 19 year old girl, start off with basics ya know? (also this is my first reddit post, got on here to find cool new music, ending up venting wow) i’m a big sack of mental health issues that seemingly go under the radar in my day to day life. so i have a lot of issues that kinda sit with me in the back of my mind and stuff i can’t quite figure out, as if i am in a dense fog, trying to find literally anything. going through this kinda depersonalization while being a quite individualist person has always been interesting. i feel a lot, sometimes once i do feel upset i kinda go numb in a way. anyway, that’s kinda what’s going on right now. i am incredibly in love with my girlfriend and lately she’s one of the only things that can make me genuinely happy. i’ve been dating her for about 8 months but i fell in love with her long before that, when we were friends. she’s unlike anyone i have met, truly the only person i have connected to on this level (and i’ve searches forever for that, lots of different people). anyway, she is going to move on to her next stage of college, going to a different university while i am still at our original college, finishing my credits. she really is excited to go, she’s wanted to go to this school for a while now. but every time she talks about it o feel so hurt. i don’t want change, i just want to be with her. i feel numbed like i don’t want to talk to her cuz i’m hurt but over nothing she did wrong. like i should be happy that she is happy, and i am, but my own sadness pushes that aside. it’s bad but i don’t know what i’m gonna do without her. being in quarantine away from her has already been really really hard on me. but she seems to be doing better than i am. i just feel immature and stupid for being so attached and not really being able to be okay alone like she is. i don’t know how to talk to her about it without seeming like it’s just a mental illness thing. i feel almost defeated and heartbroken over something so small