I met my friend last year. We started as a casual fling and saw each other for a few weeks (she was basically the first person I had a romantic relationship with) About a month into our casual relationship she told me she had feelings for her friend (a guy I knew of) and essentially ended it with me by telling me she liked someone, while I was under the impression we were still seeing each other. it was shitty. I accepted this (repressed my feelings) and pursued a friendship with her. I spent a year being her best friend, traveled with her, and had on an off feelings for her that I tried to repress. I felt insecure, not good enough, and made myself small for her, waiting for her approval, hopefully, enough for her to like me back. I was in my head, bottled up, insecure, and secretly jealous. Last week after months of discomfort I finally told her I had feelings for her. She said that we had a ton of sexual tension but a relationship wouldn’t work for “obvious reasons” (whatever that means? I didn’t care to ask.) After admitting my feelings I didn’t ask her to be in a relationship and said I didn’t know what I wanted. I addressed some other problems in our relationship, like her ditching me when we first met for someone else without even considering my feelings once and how deeply that hurt me, and some other things I felt were worth addressing. This whole time I felt so frustrated and pent up and resentful. I’m really glad I said something and I asked to put our friendship on pause for a week, which we did until I texted her tonight and we got dinner. I couldn’t help but feel extremely jealous when she mentioned going to a guys house she was seeing and talking about someone she is talking to on tinder tonight. Does she not understand this hurts my feelings? How do I continue to be friends with her, especially when I consistently make myself small around her, feel rejected, and wait for her to have feelings for me? How can I move past this, and should I keep this relationship around or somehow let it go? I don’t know how to feel well in this relationship even though I love her. I’m really struggling here and it feels like shit.