Where to start. I am in high school and am staying with my family that is verbally abusive towards anything they think is not normal aka me. I’m a trans guy and my mom knows this. I have come out 4-5 times over the past two years to her because I thought that I could trust her. However no matter what I say she won’t change her opinion and that is that I’m a freak. She is constantly yelling at me and openly gossips about me to her friends about how I never wear dresses and won’t take off my shirt when I go swimming. She has a best friend who’s name for this is Karen ( for obvious reasons). This is what she said to me last weekend. “Op why do you always wear shirts when you go swimming?!”  Me trying to avoid answering with the truth and my dysphoria increasing.  “ I just don’t want to get a sun burn.  My mom, ” yeah what ever I try SHE won’t go swimming without it”.  Me “Why does it matter to you? I’m swimming with a shirt so I don’t get a sunburn you guys are being annoying imma go play with my brothers”. Then I got tolled off about how my legs are hairy and I need to shave because I disgust my mom.  Lucky me she didn’t say that in front of her friend.  Quarantine has been a struggle because school has always been my escape no one in my family understands me like my friends do. Every day I’m told that because of my short hair I’m a lesbian but I’m gay I have always been attracted to guys sexually but never females but I would be in a relationship with one romantics just not sexually. They make me feel like I’m never going to become anything important and only care about my brothers who are straight A students. I however have average grades and never make them proud of my report card. They spend all their money on tickets to concerts and now I have no job and no way to pay for college. It won’t matter anyway because no matter how much I want to escape I’ll never be able to transition or become a doctor (my dream job) it’s very hard to not have the support of your family when you feel like you want to kill yourself all the time. I have tried to ask her if I could go to therapy a number of times because I hate my body and guts. They have never taken me and said it’s for freaks so this hole staying with them every moment makes it hard. Oh well, I have felt like this for years so what’s 3 more until I leave for college. I will never be able to take testosterone because I start to freak out when I think of disappointing them because they just tell the rest of my family everything.