This is my first ever post on Reddit. I’ll start this story off by saying my Mother and Father split up when I was 3, it has a lot to do with the story but the story has nothing to do with them. From the ages of 3-12 I was living with my Dad in a small town that I will not mention the name of for my privacy. My Dad lives in a larger city an hour away that I will once again refrain from mentioning. Now that the setting is out of the way let’s begin the story. It all started on Christmas Eve when I was 10, I was at my Dads house this Christmas, I would rotate whose house I was at for Christmas just to make it fair for my parents. My Dad lives down the street from a 24 hour 7-11 so I decided to go get a slurpee because I had an addiction. When I got there I met this girl... let’s call her Anna, that is not her real name. She was a year older than me and I thought she was cute, she was also buying a slurpee and I offered to pay for hers and she accepted my offer. We left the 7-11 and I asked where she lived and surprisingly she lived on the same street as my Dad so we walked in the same direction and got to talking. I asked her the basics, her age, how she likes the area, where she goes to school, etc... It turned out not only did she live on the same street as my Dad but she was also his neighbour (before you ask why I had never seen her or met her before I lived primarily with my mom and rarely spent any time with my Dad and when I did visit him I didn’t focus on other people because I wanted to spend as much time with him and only him as I could). Anyway we Exchanged phone numbers and went back to our separate families. We spent a lot of time texting eachother and slowly became very close. I saw her a few more time’s before I went back to my moms and explained the situation I was in with my parents and I promised to keep in contact, which we both did. Months go by and i visit my dad as often as I can so I can see Anna. On my 11th birthday she decided to throw me my very first non family birthday party, which consisted of pizza, pop, and call of duty with her and her friends which I enjoyed because they are amazing people and I still keep in contact with some of them this day. I also met Anna’s best friend Emma (once again not real name). It was on that night I had my very first kiss with a girl and it was with Anna. Many more months go by with many more visits. I am having problems at school and had problems at home so I convinced my Mom to let me move in with my Dad on my 12th birthday. On my 12th birthday I get to my dads house and immediately go to Anna’s house to tell her the news and saying she was ecstatic is an understatement. She once again threw me a last minute birthday party and once again had an amazing time. For a long time her and I became inseparable, we did everything together and we were never seen apart. On my 13th birthday she once again threw me a birthday party and it was at this party we became boyfriend/girlfriend, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. It took some time to adjust to my new school but with all the new friends I had it felt like home in no time. My grades were improving and I continued playing sports which was a lot easier now that it was in a big city with a lot more people. Once again many months go by and it is now my 14 birthday. Instead of having a party Anna and I had her house to ourselves. Now I had never smoked weed up until this point but she had, she asked me if I wanted to try and I said yes. We decided to put on Netflix and I wanted to show her a morbid show my friend from my only town showed me, called happy tree friends. One thing led to another and we started to become... less focused on the show and more on eachother. On my 14th birthday I lost my virginity while stoned and watching happy tree friends... very strange but I do not regret it. These years were the best years of my life. I should’ve known they wouldn’t last much longer. Another year goes by and it’s just after my 15 birthday when I get the call I always dreaded I would get. My mom saw how much my grades had improved, we had a deal that as soon as they improved I would move back to her house and my dad agreed... so I went over to Anna’s house and talked to her. I was unable to do a long distance relationship and neither could she, long distance is a lot harder when we have school and activities we both participate in. We broke up and I moved back to my moms... that is my biggest regret because it would set in motion a set of events that would change my life. The new school year is starting and I am reunited with all my old friends and they all say wow you’ve changed you got so tall. Anyway I decide to keep my other life at my dads a secret from my other friends because I planned on returning as soon as I turned 16 to move in with Anna and her family. My friends were all pestering me about why I didn’t have a girlfriend and my simple answer was I don’t know. They told me I should get one so I’m not the only one who is single. I started talking to this girl and we started “dating”. I didn’t like this girl in that way but I decided to date her for my social status. Her and I had sex a few times so I could keep up the act. Over the next 3 months I would visit Anna every other weekend but we never did anything sexual. Until one weekend I couldn’t control myself and neither could she, we were each others first loves after all, so I cheated on my girlfriend. However this time something happened, Anna got pregnant (0-100 real fast right). I had never wanted a child especially at this age but with her I thought it was okay, almost like we were meant to be together. Only 3 people knew she was pregnant, her, a doctor, and me. 3 weeks go by after we had sex and she called me and told me she missed her period so she took a pregnancy test and she was pregnant. Over the next 3 months I would go visit her and we made the plan that we would keep it and raise it, we even had names ready and everything. Part of the reason we decided to keep it was because we both knew her family would support her and my dad would as well. It’s now coming up on my 16 birthday and I’m getting ready to move. My 16th birthday comes and I have a party with my friends from my moms house. The weekend after Anna calls me and asks if I wanted to come over, I respectfully declined because I wanted a weekend to myself and still had packing to do. She got mad at me and we got in a fight (I later found out she had planned a surprise party for me and there was already people there waiting for me that’s why she got as mad as she did). I didn’t text her for a few hours and she didn’t text me either as I wanted to give her time to cool down. At 2 in the morning I received a call from her best friend, Emma, saying she was outside my moms house and to get in her car. I decided I might as well since she drove all this way to talk to me. Soon as I got in the car I saw she had been crying. I asked her what was wrong and she explained to me Anna was driving her car when she was hit by a drunk driver and was in the hospital. My heart immediately sank and I told her to get out of the car and that were taking mine (I’m a car enthusiast and have a car I had put a lot of work into, it’s very fast). I set a new record getting to my dads city (1 hour drive became 30 mins fast when you’re going double the speed limit) we get to the hospital and I follow Emma to where Anna is. When I saw her it felt like a piece of me died, she barely looked like herself. I immediately started crying and went over to her and talked to her, she was not going to make it. I knew that, she knew that, everyone in the room knew that. I was there there talking to her about how much we love eachother and that I can’t lose her. I was there for half an hour before I said  I love you, kissed her, she said I love you too... and passed away. It took 3 grown men to pull me away from her (pretty sure I punched one of them in the nose and broke it, pretty sure it was Anna’s dad) Emma and I stayed there for a bit saying goodbye before we went back to Emma’s house. The next morning Emma found me sitting in her bathroom with a loaded pistol in my mouth ready to pull the trigger (she lives in a very bad neighbourhood). She pulled it away from me and we sat there crying for what felt like hours. I went to her funeral, then her burial and I was the first person there and the last to leave. I went to where she was hit and left a cross (I return there sometimes and it’s still there). I ended up falling into heavy drugs and my grades went from A’s to failing in every class. It took me an extra year to graduate from high school. I still live with my mom, I never moved back in with my dad because the memory’s would haunt me more than they already to. Eventually I broke down and told one of my close friends everything, it later got around my friend group and never left their mouths to anyone I wasn’t friends with. They were all very supportive and still are even though some of them have went off and done their own things. That was 4 years ago I lost Anna and my unborn child. I still have dreams about her, some our memories, some are things that never happened, some are what our life would be like if she had never been hit. It’s now March 31 2020 and I miss her no less than the day I lost her, I still love her and have never dated since. And likely won’t for a long time. I don’t want anybody else, only her. I’m now 20 years old and I have never celebrated my birthday since I was 16, I have never had another slushee. Where ever you are I hope you aren’t hurting and I hope you wait for us to be reunited once again. I love you. 31/03/1999-08/10/2016