I dated this stunning and respectable girl for quite a while. We were both confident that things would last past high school because we both felt comfortable with one another and we didn't have issues with one another. I guess i was too much of a few things later in and she would get really upset over those things and we just talked it through. I ended up being a jack ass and hurt her beyond repair. I don't want to go into detail but i didn't lay a finger on her, just some stupid shit i did and regret. We broke up and after a few days talked it over and decided to try again. Bad idea, I know. I just wasn't very her and according to her she had also missed me. A few weeks in after that she broke things ff, feeling scared of a repeat and I told her I understood. We remained as friends. She claimed I still had her heart and I know she still has mine. She would tell me to be more open with my emotions and thoughts on certain things. Things that made me upset. I told her i was upset over a manner in which a guy talked to her, but i expressed it in such a toxic way. She lived far off but i got to see her often, so it wouldn't be rare for anyone she new personally to try and hit on her. Typically I wouldn't mind, but at this point she was single and i still loved her like a fool. I didn't want to lose her and i came off as desperate. She got scared and removed herself from my life. It's been months since we had a good conversation, and a month and a half since she left. I've been trying to move on. It's been going good, i'd go days without thinking of her. Recently those same thoughts come back and they stay. She's still stuck in my head and if i try building a bond with any other female friend it just doesn't feel right. What I did wasn't right and her actions are justified. I just regret moving on and i guess i'm in denial. I hold those memories close because they made me feel truly alive and well. I miss everything we had, especially our tight bond because no one knew me like her and i didn't feel so invested in anyone else. I tried being the best for her and i got lost shortly after. I don't want these memories gone and forgotten. I want that pain to reside so i can be left with just happy moments, not some thoughts that elicit tears. I want to feel happy about the time we spent. I'm tired of feeling that regret but it's all i can feel. I ruined the most beautiful thing to happen to me. She was really the one and i lost her. I want to move on like she did but i can tell it hurts if she remembers. not as much pain as i think, but i know she has those thoughts of "what if he chose the right thing to do?" I know i do, it haunts me that all of that could have been avoided if i made the right decisions and actually used my head. I just want to put it past me, hoping that later on i could smile at those memories and not cringe at what ended it.