I just did Salvia for the first time Tuesday night. Instead of being smart about it and picking a setting that was comfortable, I did it in the middle of the night on a swinging bench that feels very unstable, so that didn't do my trip any favors. My best friend was trip sitting me, but didn't partake. The Salvia we bought was 15x, and I load about half a bowl. I light it, start inhaling, and exhale about 10 seconds later. I decide to take another massive hit to finish the bowl, start inhaling, and don't exhale until I feel like I can't breathe. Then the nightmare begins. It feels like reality is no longer reality, and that my head is rotating around like a machine. Then it feels like my body is transforming into something, but I'm not quite sure what. My ability to separate reality and what's in my head is completely gone, and I start to panic. I don't see any intense visuals, but I feel some terrifying sensations. It feels like my body is being pushed down in some unknown spiraling direction, like I'm attached to some spinning wheel that wants to take me into the void. The rocking nature of the bench and how unstable it feels intensifies the sensation by 50 times. My friend tries to comfort me, but at this point I don't trust him. I'm under the impression that I'm trapped deep in my subconscious where nothing I'm seeing is actually there, and that my friend isn't actually my friend but merely a figment of my imagination. I hear him say "Hey it's ok, you're okay, just close your eyes", and then he puts his arm around me. I scream over and over again "I  don't trust you, I don't trust you", afraid that he wants me to close me eyes for some sinister intention.  I don't recognize him as my friend anymore, barely able to recall his name. I think he's an evil part of myself, and I'm afraid he wants to shove me further deep in my subconscious and make me experience something even more terrifying. I believe that if I close my eyes in that moment, that's how he'll get me to go this darker place. Before long, I start to see glimpses of reality, and I slowly piece everything back together. It takes me a while to realize the trip is over, and that my friend is actually my friend. All I can think about is how afraid I felt and how I happy I was to feel safe again. Any thoughts? What happens on an actual Salvia breakthrough? And should I ever try it again at some point? Because right now I'm horrified by the substance.