This is gonna be a long one. Alright so I legit just did the sally I’ve been contemplating it for awhile and just really want to be in the right headspace but I had a friend who wanted to do it so I said fuck it. DEFINITELY STILL COMING DOWN HARD. Alright so I took a little hit didn’t feel much except for the acid type high(tingly body, enhanced colors/focus) and could definitely see a lady up above me but that was it. He didn’t feel much either so we decided to do more(40x extract BTW) I loaded a fat 1/4 bowl for each of us and he did it first (obviously tripping the fuck out) then I took my hit held it in for as long as I could then exhaled. Nothing got to weird I just kinda blacked out my brother said I was out for 2 minutes. Then I came to consciousness and this is where shit got stupidly weird so I had some tarot cards in my hand one in each, when I came back I had no idea why I had these cards and I just kept saying “what are these cards, why the fuck do I have these cards” over and over and it felt like I just kept pulling and dropping and pulling and dropping like a million cards then I looked up and everything felt so fricking strange like a looked up saw my brother just giving me a weird face and just lost it right there I said “this is weird” in a very panicked type of way because I was obviously losing my shit and told my brother to let me the fuck out cause he was blocking the door. When I got out of the back room we were in I tried going outside and back into the house(his room is a separate entity) like a connected apartment you could say, but everything was like smashing down on me, but it wasn’t, it just felt that way, but it didn’t, you know what I mean? Anyways I tried going inside into my room I made it, saw my dog and she could just tell that I was definitely not in the right mindset and kinda got worried? Idk but that’s what it felt like. She just kept laying down on the couch though, so I sat on my computer chair, full on panic mode. Looked over and saw a Muffin hoping that would help took a huge bite didn’t even chew, saw some water that I had and drank some with the muffin still just sitting in my mouth felt so fucking weird. It didn’t help so I laid down on my bed all the weirdness moved to my legs and I kept wiggling them violently in hope it would go away which it didn’t then I saw my little heater grabbed it curled up in a ball got under my comforter and just waited it out. The weirdness mostly went Away but it was definitely still present, after a minute or so I went out and back to my brothers room/apartment thingy and attempted to explain to them what the fuck just happened but I felt like they were ignoring me like they do and I punched the wall, walked out, walked back in and calmed down then was finally able to explain what happened and they understood where I was coming from they thought I was losing my mind though and now here I am. And yea that was fucking WEIRD I kinda liked it though but not at the same time I wanna try it again for sure but not with those people and in a better space where I feel better vibes with more experienced people definitely and this time I’m not allowed to get up and move around cause that was dumb wack. Sorry if none of this made any sense but yea you’re welcome.