I’m not looking to “score” but looking for a place better than these Medicaid clinics I’ve been to. They don’t listen they’re sloppy and impoverished. It’s like they’re afraid to prescribe any narcotic. And we’ve tried all the non-narcotic options. I get overwhelmed easy and prone to stress that exacerbated my neurological disorder. The things that help most are narcotics as far as Prescription drugs go. I’ve tried all the other stuff like antidepressants, buspar, hydroxyzine and I think it’s stupid stuff. It doesn’t help at all and just adds side effects and “dumbs me down”. Xanax helps a little but has rebound effects. I did best on this drug called Serax for my autism symptoms ( which exacerbate my neurological disorder ). But I’m sick of going to places where they don’t do anything. I am on medi-cal but have private insurance too. Is kaiser a place where they’re able to prescribe things for adults? I’m sick of going to the slum doctors where they don’t do anything and “can’t”. I have legitimate issues and want a place I can present my symptoms and actually have them listen. They see my medical records and think I just wanna get hi cuz when my neurological condition was worse I had a lot of ER visits where they thought I was on drugs and sometimes I was. I resorted to a lot of over the counter cold medicine and other things I could get at the store to treat my neurological symptoms. And I think that stuff is ok for other uses too but I never had a drug problem. I never had any sort of addiction or affliction with anything like money or sex or gambling. I like to learn, be good, and I strive to make a difference in the world. That’s my “High” having a purpose and knowledge of life and morals and being good. I’ll do like psychedelic drug cuz i think it has its use but I never had a problem with it. I wouldn’t tell my doctor this either unless they asked I’m not that into that stuff and don’t particularly enjoy the effects it’s just I think it has use. For example can make me more in touch with parts of myself not normally aware of and aware of other things not normally aware of more interested in things, think outside the box, more compassionate, more inspired, more fun. Helps me also to have something I can relate to mainstream people who are more into things like money and fun cuz like I say I’m a little different. Just gets me high I feel In the superficial world we live in it has its use. If everyone was like me I don’t think I’d bother. But it still can be fun. Something to do. It’s just I’m not that into fun. I like I said like learning being good and making a difference . It also helps me to “make a difference” by doing the things I listed like more aware more compassionate and think outside the box sort of thing. So like I say I’m open to that sort of thing and would do it if I had more time but I’m so busy. I just want some help with my symptoms because it’s affecting me and interfering with my abilities. Like I’ve gone 2 weeks without showering cuz I just don’t wanna talk to my family . They talk too much and they like to create problems out of nothing and if they sense me stressed they see it as an opportunity to offend me and play games. They’re really weird. Anyway I’m just mainly wondering if Kaiser is a good place where they listen and are not afraid to prescribe certain medicine . The only narcotics I would even take is Xanax or the Serax ( like from a doctor ). So it’s not like they’re that strong. I want my issues legitimately addressed my a professional