hey so recently i was so desperate for money that i got on a sugar daddy website... sure enough someone messaged me telling me to text them so i did... we texted back and forth and he sent me pictures of credit cards with the same name... he was asking for my information which i told him no at first... i asked him to take a selfie with one of the credit cards and he did he’s not going to do that but he can send a pic with his id...he then sent me a picture of him with an id of him... so of course i think it’s real and i sent him a pic with my id (address was blocked out) and like a stupid dumbass i gave him my bank login... he paid off my credit card and then proceeded to add 6 checks with random amounts on them... the checks came from 2 different places out of the state that he claimed to be in... he said they were business checks and that not to worry... when i saw the images of the checks in my email i knew something was up... so i changed my log in and he noticed right away and claimed i was stealing from him... he told me he knows the game i’m playing which was not the case... i felt sick to my stomach knowing my name could be used with stolen / fake checks... i immediately called my bank and told them the truth about everything and they made a claim on them... the checks “deposited” in my account but not really bc of the claim they are on hold... anyways he then proceeds to text me that he will have me killed and proceeded to threaten me... me being chicken shit i made a police report but since it’s from another state there is really nothing they can do about it... after realizing it i believe that the photo with the person and id is real but just someone who got scammed like i did.. am i right ? when i looked up the person online it says he’s in the right state but the job did not match up from what he said he worked...  i already talked to the bank and even went in person and the lady even was concerned not about the account bc she knows this kinds of things but about me personally and told me to check in with her in a few days... should i be concerned about anything ?? sorry for the long story !