So I’m trying to sell my bedroom set just cause it’s time for a new one (if anyone is interested, it’s still for sale). I received an email from an “interested buyer” named Carrie. (If I thought these names were at all real, I wouldn’t say them but I’m 95% sure they’re fake). It seemed very legit until it came time to schedule for a moving company to pick up the furniture. The cashier’s check “Carrie” sent me was put on hold with my bank and I wasn’t aware until after I made a $1000 deposit to “James”. Once I realized I didn’t actually have the appropriate amount of money in my account I tried to initiate a refund. The first couple of times I tried calling “James” back (I had called just an hour before to get his information) I was immediately rejected. The phone didn’t even ring. My immediate thought was ‘you idiot. You fell for a scam.’ After another hour I received a message from him saying he would send a refund the next morning (this morning) so I thought maybe I was over reacting a bit and judging too hard and just being paranoid. This morning I didn’t receive a payment. So I texted him. No reply. I sent multiple messages and called many times and even emailed him using a secondary email address that isn’t connected to any of my personal information. I even sent a payment request through Zelle, only to find out his account didn’t exist anymore. I then called my bank to make a dispute with Zelle. I told them the situation and they basically shrugged their shoulders and said there wasn’t much to be done. I can’t contact Zelle directly because their customer service line just directs me to my bank, and there isn’t a live representative number anywhere that I can find. So as of right now I am out $1000, with basically no money in my bank account helpless and pissed off. If anyone else has gone through something like this, please give me some advice about what I can do because I hate not being able to do anything. I need that money back. And fast. It’s all I have to last me until next payday.