When I moved into my new house in 3rd grade it had a patio with glass walls. The patio was pretty dirty, it had a rock hard floor, dirty glass, infested with stink bugs, and still had some of the previous owners stuff in it. After a couple months of cleaning it and always making sure to keep it clean, we covered the hard rock floor with a green carpet that felt like grass and painted the walls that weren't glass paper white, then placed the board game shelf in it and bought a 2nd computer to place in there making it a part of our home. After many years, we still dealt with small bugs coming in here and there, from ants, lady bugs, and crickets, but the biggest thing we dealt with was a large spider, take your pointer finger middle finger and ring finger and stick them together that's how big it was, we didn't deal with it and let it do what it wanted, eventually it started making itself at home, making webs on the  corners of the room and crawling wherever it wanted, my mom got so paranoid to the point she stopped using the computer in there and used the one in the basement. Just before I started middle school I noticed that there was this big sack on the middle of the room and I saw the spider sleeping, so I thought, on top of it. Then the Spider disappeared one day and all that was left was the sack there all alone, I was scared to touch it so I thought my dad would take care of it, but didn't. After I started middle school I realized that I ended school before my brother did so I had to get a key so I can get in the house, since both of my parents were at work, so my parents gave me the key to the patio. I would imminently see the spider sack and turn away not bothering it. But after a couple months I noticed there was a hole on the sack and I got really confused at the black gunk coming out of the sack. Eventually I thought "is that a spider egg sack?" Since I was learning about spiders in my science class. I realized it most likely was and the black gunk that was coming out of it was millions of baby spiders. We didn't deal with it and made the spiders stay in the patio since they will take care of the other bugs that come in, eating them of course.