I had a difficult teacher named Mr. Casper or Bob Casper. He is a dumb middle aged simpleton with a vindictive way of treating others. Fifteen years later and I'm still dealing with the consequences of knowing him, his impact is that bad.  Often it's hard to cope and navigate the world when you are autistic, have ADHD, and OCD all rolled into one. So obviously this guy's conduct didn't help me cope with things very well and he threw me off. The events I am about to discuss transpired in 2005 to 2006 so a lawsuit isn't possible in 2020. But it's clear that at the time I was young impressionable and he exploited the fact that I couldn't explain to my parents what was going on. If I could have articulated what was happening at the time he could've been laid off. Here's info of what took place in Bob's class. The definition of fuck off means go away, but he lied to me about the definition implying that I was saying I wanted to fuck other men and mocking me for it. He also gave English credit to those who wrote short stories about me. So the students were able to get away with such stories without facing any consequences. He also lied about me masterbating despite me not even knowing what that was at the time. Pretended I was a physical threat in reports despite me being more gentle than most other classmates. Allowed kids to do art and comics mocking me and allowed them to distribute them across the school. Played favorites had a hierarchy in his class where he placed me at the bottom allowing others to torture me without facing trouble. He allowed a teachers assistant to get off scott free after the assistant tried to assault me. One of the worst students who was the worst bully in his class was also his favorite so despite his abysmal behavior he was allowed to go back to public school while I rotted in special education for the rest of highschool with NO chance of convincing public schools to take me back. He also made me develop prejudicial attitudes and a hateful outlook on the world that led to me destroying my life and success in this world. I spent years trying to overcome the prejudices he instilled on me. Didn't know how to cope and react at the time so I turned to a self destructive mindset that hate is the solution. This outlook destroyed me and ruined much of my life up to this point. You cant exist in harmony with the world when you think hate is the way to cope with things in this world. This is why my middle school teacher is arguably the only person I wish NEVER existed.