My close friend (who we’ll call Moon) have gotten closer and closer with our appreciation for each other’s music and other personal interests. Moon has a physical  disability were his bones are shaped in a way where whenever he walks it may look kind of out of the ordinary to somebody seeing it for the first time. We had this one thing that just kind of happened one day with me telling him we should do silly walks like Monty Python. We had our funny walks here and there, and it kind of became a staple of us to do them (if we were feeling up to it) to do silly walks on the way to either Brunch or Lunch. We were keeping a good line up of it for around 2 or so weeks. We were on our way to lunch and I decided that we should walk like the guys in the staying alive music video. We did this for like 20 seconds and this police officer (who can be closely compared to Basque Grande from fullmetal alchemist in both shape and personality, he also has a southern accent) who sees us doing this, points his finger to come up to him. And he says “Now if I ever see you makin’ fun of the way that boy walks again we’re gonna have words now”. And I kind of freak out a little bit because this isn’t like a teacher where you can sometimes easily tell them and try to convince them that you weren’t doing anything wrong, no this was a freaking police officer. Someone who, If I messed up sentencing my words even the slightest, might get sent to the office and have the officer tell my parents and the school in such a way that it might affect my image in both of them forever. So I immediately tell him without a second thought that he misunderstood me and that I was just funny walking with moon because that’s just what we did. He immediately ignores this and nearly flips out and goes nearly throws a crap fit and says “do you want me to get on the security cameras and show your misbehavin’ to your momma?!?”. I don’t know what to do at this point and, scared out of my wits, I nearly have a mental breakdown at the fact that I knew I was going to be almost taken down to the office and him outright lie to my mother and possibly spread the story to the teachers and have my image ruined (because that’s how most stories like this get around). He tries to calm me down and I do for a period of time but I try to talk to him in the calmest way possible that he was misunderstanding me and that I was just silly walking with my friend. Again he freaks out and at the top of his lungs he repeats his threat that he was going to show my mother the video tapes. I get semi-angry but stil calm enough to tell him (and also falsely admitting) that I had mocked the disabled student and that I would never do it again. He says that he’d better not see me doing it again and walked off. The next part is really where I spiraled out of control. I catch up with moon in the lunch line and tell him about the incident. I tell him that I wasn’t mocking him and that if he ever believed that I was, that I wasn’t. We eventually have our lunch and I couldn’t eat. I asked moon that if we were ever asked into the office to say that if we were being questioned if I was mocking him, say that I wasn’t because he knew that I wasn’t. I couldn’t even eat my lunch because I felt like crying (even though I didn’t know why). I asked a teacher if I could go to the bathroom and she said yes. I went into that bathroom only to cry for nearly 30 or so minutes. All I heard were distant noises and nearby shoes. I have never felt that alone in a school environment before because I was truly helpless. I walked out of the bathroom with what looked like huge bugs under my eyes that made me look sick and tired. This made a couple people look at me and whenever they asked what happened, I just told them that it was allergies. I was afraid to tell anyone about this until I told my mom the whole thing at home. She made me feel comforted during the whole thing and said something that she would try and get something done about it, but because school is closed for 2 weeks and maybe more weeks to come, it might be a while and we will just have to wait. I feel better about the situation now but if I post this I will finally break free of my hatred from this unfortunate event until me and my parents possibly have a meeting with the school staff and moon. I just have to wait now, just to see what will happen.