Long story, but it was an eventful night.  My galleon crew drops off 2 men at the fort to complete it while we drop off our Athenas emissary loot. A brig pulls up, kills them but somehow sinks their own ship?! We decide to follow through with selling our loot then head back so we have nothing to lose. On our way back the brig ended up going back and finished the fort— all the meanwhile our lvl 4 Athena galleon notices a lvl 1 Reaper galleon also heading to the fort. The brig takes off so we follow and have a man shot to the island to see if they got the loot— they didn’t, they had the key. The Reaper starts shooting at us but now there’s yet another Brig following and shooting at us. We get the Brig to stop shooting by trying to pawn them off onto the Brig holding the stronghold key, but they seemed confused and disengaged (new?). We the. attempt to do the same with the Reaper.  The Reaper wasn’t having it, he wanted our flag, okay cool. We circled the outpost drop our flag because we were done with it (and mildly petty), but now we still want the fort.  So we noticed after we drop the flag the Reaper is at the fort and the Brig is no where to be seen. We figured they took off with the key waiting for us to clear the area. We go for the Reaper for shits and giggles, and while doing so the brig that disengaged decides to come back. We fight and sunk em.  As we approach the fort, the Galleon drop sails and a long chase ensues.  We end up running into a sloop mid chase that also began attacking us. The reaper sinks us, but we weren’t finished. We convinced the sloop to allow us on their ship and to chase down the reaper. Cool guys and they obliged. While myself and another crew member follow the reaper on this sloop, our newly spawned Galleon catches up.  While chasing the reaper, yet another brig sees us and joins the fight... attacking us. We sunk the Reaper and then the brig, sung a song and shoot the shit with the sloop and went on our merry way. We noticed a few skulls from the Reaper so we drop and what do you know?!? A STRONGHOLD KEY!  The key we thought the brig had and took off with!! With this newly found item we knew we couldn’t immediately return to the fort so we head to an island to loot.  Good thing because we were able to see that the Galleon (previously reaper) was waiting at the fort. While looting I noticed the Galleon heading our way so we made a quick decision to head straight on with the Galleon, load the row boat, have 2 members drop off the back with all these items, and sail away. Our boat collides with the Galleon, they quickly sink us, and they anchor waiting for the loot to rise 🤣.  Our 2 man rowboat rowed their asses til they reached near the fort, but smart enough to know once the Galleon didn’t find they key, they’d return.  Our instincts were correct so we patiently waited them out, our Galleon took off in the opposite direct (just in case), our rowboat kept a close eye on the fort until they left.  Needless to say, patience paid off. Ended the night with a ton of Athena loot, some serious PvP, and to our amazement— the fort loot that we actually worked the hardest for!!  I love this game.