I was in Mexico for Christmas visiting family and had gone down there with my uncle, aunt and cousins. I’m an only child and my parents were back at home. Basically when we were all younger we had always slept in the same room together while visiting like if it was a fun sleep over. I was only 13 my oldest cousin was 17 my second oldest cousin was 16 and my youngest cousin was 9. Basically we all still managed to fit in a bed while we were down there and my oldest cousin was next to me while we slept. I woke up in the middle of the night and i remember he was touching my ass and giggling and he didn’t know i was awake but i also wasn’t sure what to do. I just stayed still and closed my eyes super hard hoping it’d stop soon. I acted like i faintly awake moving and tried moving around a bit so that he’d cut it out. Honestly the whole incident was faint so maybe it didn’t happen like that? But just felt so uncomfortable the rest of the trip, like i wanted to peel my skin off. This shit doesn’t end there though. On our way back we stopped in San Diego at my cousin’s cousins house for New Years and spent a couple days there. My cousins cousin was about 18 and had a girlfriend. His girlfriend wasn’t there however. I got to know him a bit and i felt a weird tension, like as if he was into me but i was super confused because he was so old and also not that far from family. Anyways we’re all sitting on a couch one night watching wrong turn my oldest cousin next to me, the one who basically violated me. His cousin on my other side and my second oldest cousin on the other side of his cousin. My cousins cousin started touching my knee under the blanket very lightly, i thought he was just scratching his. Then quickly, his hand moves towards my crotch and he tried feeling me up. So i grabbed his hand and took it off of me but not aggressively enough for anyone to notice. Like wtf was i supposed to do, GODDDD. Fucking worst of all later that night were all sleeping on the living room since there aren’t enough rooms for us and my oldest cousin fucking sleeps next to me even though i tried avoiding it as much as possible. Nothing weird happens till i wake up, it was barely bright out and i woke up because i heard music playing which was weird. My oldest cousin has had his arm around me and was sort of spooning me while he played music from his phone. My eyes shot open but he didn’t see because i was facing away from him, i wanted to puke. I tried doing the same thing as the other night with a similar incident and pretend to be “waking up” moving around a bit as people do when sleeping sometimes. AND WHEN I DO THIS HE WHISPERS “PLEASE DON’T MOVE PLEASE DON’T MOVE” like 5 times. i fucking kept at it for a bit, not too much to seem unnatural but listen i wasn’t sure what the fuck to do. This is my first time sharing this with anyone. I’m glad to get it off my chest.