Im a 27 yr old female. I live with my boyfriend and i smoke weed. It happens that most of my friends are guys because where i live, girls just dont like smoking weed. Today, i had plans with my friend for him to come over (bf aware) and smoke weed, maybe drink a couple beers. I was on my third beer, we were smoking weed, sitting in a couch just talking, i'm looking away and as i'm looking away he grabs my head and forces himself to kiss me, my immediate reaction was to push him away and to tell him "NO please stop" but he didn't stop. He continued and he grabbed my shorts and pulled them down and i kept telling him to stop and i tried to push him away but he wouldn't stop. He then started to unbuckle his belt and pull down his jeans and i could see him just consumed by the moment and i just laid there telling him to please stop and trying to stop him but not really doing it. He then started penetrating me and i begged him to stop i kept saying "i can't do this please stop please stop" but he could'nt stop, i could see it in his face, i just kept looking away the whole time until he finally stopped when i was about to cry. When he stopped i immediately grabbed my shorts with my panties still on them and immediately went to the bathroom, trying to understand what had happened in such a small space of time. I wanted to cry, i wanted him to leave, so i took a breath and went out of the bathroom and asked him to leave, as i said that he just responded "please understand, i had been looking at you the entire afternoon". In the end he just left really quickly. Now im confused and i can't really process what just happened. I can't tell my bf because he would go crazy, i feel like it was my fault for inviting him to my house alone and putting myself in that position. I feel like this is not the first time this has happened to me. I am very submissive when it comes to sex, i feel like i should've done more to make him stop but i didn't, i just froze and kept saying no. I feel guilty, i feel like it's my fault, i should've never let it happen. I feel like shit.