Hey guys, new here. I’m posted at a homeless shelter in Orange County, California. I work 8pm-8am our grave shift consists of one guard (myself) and one “medical assistant” (we’ll call her T.) She has to be one of the most annoying people I’ve worked with. See I’m 20 years old, so it pisses me off when adults much older than me, act younger than me. She’s 33 with like 3 different babydaddies and does nothing but complain, talk shit, talk even more shit about her 13 year old boy, hit on me, sleep, drink and get high before work. She doesn’t even do her med counts properly, always whines when the people who live her have a small issue or dispute, and she is just not cut out to work at a homeless shelter. Those of you who have worked a shelter know it takes a certain person to work here, it’s really not for everyone. Another thing, every time I’m resolving an issue between the residents she butts in with stupid ass input because she wants to be heard and they get even more pissed and I lose all progress I made with them. Had a guy once who all he needed was to vent and I’m there listening to him and as he’s calming down she comes over and immediately “YOU NEED TO QUIET DOWN THERES PEOPLE SLEEPING HERE AND IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM BRING IT TO ME.” So the man who is entering his 70s obviously becomes mad that a 33 year old is yelling at him, gets ticked off and leaves the facility and never comes back. She isn’t helping anyone, and these people are getting cabin fever because we’ve quarantined all shelters due to the virus and all she does is add fuel to the fire. Another thing that pisses me off, when we do room checks she constantly asks for my flashlight. Now look I’m a flashlight nerd and love showing mine off, but for gods sake if you need a flashlight BUY ONE and she never turns it off when returning it. States she doesn’t know how, it’s a copper Olight, the giant blue button switches it off bimbo. And she NEVER carries her keys and constantly skips rooms so I’m forced to do her job because I’m tired of people dying due to careless “medical staff” that don’t check rooms properly. I’m only supposed to be there to escort her but I don’t want souls on my conscious. Just right now a room THAT SHE INITIALLY SKIPPED was locked when they’re not supposed to be she goes “hey unlock it” I tell her “don’t you have keys?” Her response? “That’s why you’re here teeheehee” bro shut the fuck up. She always tries to act real cute too but looks like Donna Pinciotti’s ugly sister. Anyways, thanks for letting me rant, I’m sorry if you didn’t care. Hope you all are staying safe out there.