I know how hard it is, I know you sincerely love her and at the moment it feels like she was the only one, she was made for you and no girl will be anything like her. You may be stalking her on social media all day, looking at the old photos, thinking of the memories you two shared together, trying to remember where did you slip, what you did wrong, why she has left you. Let me tell you guys one thing - it's okay for men to cry. It's okay for men to sob into pillow. It's okay to feel this way. But you must to accept one thing - it's over. There's no coming back. Even if there is, the relationship will never ever be the same. Stop thinking that she may realise what have she lost. Stop texting her that you will change, stop asking her for another chance, stop making her feel sorry for you. Stop reading stories about people who got back together after breaking up. I know how hard this pill is to swallow but the sooner you accept it, the easier it's going to get. Do not try to replace her right away. I want you to tell that you are worth more and better. Right now, out loud. Now repeat it. Again. And again. The person reading this, YOU are worth MORE. You are worth BETTER. I wouldn't be writing this if I haven't experienced it all by myself. I know what deppresion is, I know how it feels. I have been there. I couldn't eat, I vomited every time after I've tried it, I couldn't brush my teeth, because every time I would put a toothbrush in my mouth, I would start gagging, I did not talk to anyone for months, all I wanted was to be alone and cry. But no matter how hard it is now, it's going to get better, you will learn how to live with that pain. It's not going to get away, but it's going to make you stronger. Try finding a purpose in your life and work on it. Every. Single. Day. Start hitting the gym, try to put all your anger and frustation into working out. Go out with your friends, travel, play a piano, walk with your dog, go hiking, spend time with your family. Do things, go places. Only time will heal you. And then, she will come back. She will be jealous that you are on your adventure and she's not a part of it. But it's going to be too late. At that time you would have walked so far and there would be no point of going back. She had her chance. Let her call, let her text you. She's just testing the waters, she does not love, she's just can't cope with the fact that you are doing better without her. Just keep working on your purpose and doing things that makes you happy.