Little background on me: classic story of overweight High schooler blossomed in college, lost a lot of weight and whaadya know I have a decent jawline. Girls hit on me nowadays, and so, it’s easy to hookup. Recently I hooked up with a girl at a top tier sorority at my college (Big ten school) and here’s what I did. She came up to me and said I was cute and we exchanged snaps. I simply didn’t message her for a day, then sent her a quick snap if she wanted to get a drink sometime. She said yes, and I said sure Thursday and put my phone down and never messaged her until Thursday night. She literally was jello over me and took me back to her place, she literally commented on how she has tons of guys hitting her up, and I literally seemed like I could give less of a fuck. We had sex 6 times that night like she was insatiable and honestly so was I. And then the weirdness started: she kept taking about how her ex cheated on her, and I was like oh that sucks but she kept bringing it up and I didn’t say anything. She asked me if I was one of those strong silent type guys (I’m not) but I was like haha idk not sure what u want me to say. We made out for a while and cuddled, and then she mentioned she wanted to hang out the day after (Valentines Day) and I was like oh yeah maybe I’ll let you know. She was like I hope you’re not a fuckboy because when my roommate saw u she said u gave off fuckboy vibes the way u looked (I honestly constantly get told this by my friends and girls and it’s kinda hindering my ability to get actual girlfriends versus hookups) and I was like I can’t help the way I look but I like to think im a decent person at heart. We fell asleep for a bit and then I woke up and said hey I’m gonna call am Uber and she woke up. Idk if she wanted me to be more proactive with the kissing or waking her up, but I was tired on two hours of sleep and she had squirted over my only pair of boxers so I desperately wanted a shower. She seemed a bit colder in the morning and said forget we had sex last night I don’t wanna seem easy (she kept repeating this all night and I literally said stop shaming yourself you’re beautiful and smart just calm down you’re fine the way you are I’m not judging). Anyway she was like yeah lmk if u wanna do something later and I was like yeah I’ll lyk. I went home showered and passed out from 10 AM to 3 PM. Woke up and saw she had unfriended me on snap. Oh well, just wondering if I fucked up here and should’ve been more active and over her when we woke up because I hope I hadn’t sent a signal that I was regretting last night I was just piss tired and dirty lol. Anyways doesn’t matter had sex ;)