So here I am, I turned 19 in December. I've never had a job before nor tried to get one, I have never done anything but online school which I stopped so long ago I can't even remember (probably 8th or 9th grade). Also I have never kissed a girl or even ever been close with a girl in real life, I have only ever had 3 girlfriends which each lasted about a month, they were online relationships which is stupid I know, but they made me happy for the time I was in them. Both of these relationships happened in the same year and both ended badly in different ways. I feel like I'm a hopeless romantic, I'd just love to have a girlfriend and feel loved, but I know the exact reason why no girl would ever want to stay with me and I just can't fix it. It's that any relationship I get into, or any girl I have intrest in becomes my only source of happiness, if that makes sense. It's like it becomes the only thing that matters in life to me and I get so obsessive and get so upset and emotional over small things that should not be a big deal at all, and they can see this very fast, and I know that's too much pressure for anyone to handle all the time, Nobody wants to be with someone that acts like that, I was talking with my ex again after not talking for along time, and I told myself that I would not make any mistakes and I would not be so obsessive and controlling over her, but I just can't control it and she quickly realized that I had not changed and we broke up again. I know that me acting like this really pushes people away and ruins potential relationships. But I really have no idea how to build a normal life for myself and act like a nice normal person, I wish I could just restart my life and do everything right but I just feel like its too late to do anything. I really feel like I am just a failure in life. I genuinely have nothing going for me. I've only ever had one friend in real life and I lost them around 2 years ago, I just want to turn my life around so badly, I want to make things better for myself and be able to be happy and make my parents proud, I just don't know how. At the top I said that I have never had a job nor tried to get one, I have been able to make seriously good money for the last year or so without having a job, but all this money has done is make me more depressed. I thought it would fill the void in my life but all it did was make it worse because I have nothing to spend it on. Everyday I wake up, eat, sit on my computer bored all day then sleep. It's not like I even enjoy any video games (I haven't in ages, the only video game I ever enjoyed I lost almost all intrest in) so all I do all day is sit at my desk glued to my computer with nothing to do.  It's been like this for years and I want to find a way to fix my life, because its getting to a point where this is just ridiculous. I'm beyond tired of just feeling like a walking shell