When I was young I was energetic. It was somewhere around the age 14 that I started enjoying my school and I was felt so good. I was in class 11 and I was wonderful. Just then, I thought of becoming a bad boy. I choose the most beautiful girl in the class and started to have a crush on her. I stopped studying for a dream which I thought was important for me. The dream of getting into the best college of the country. Then I did all the nonsense stuffs. My teacher were angry and thinking what was wrong with me. When in class 11 at the end, my drama was known to every teacher and student in the school. Then came class 12 and I went on studying for my good. I was too egoistic(which I still am now). So I thought that I would pursue the city college and then I will make it to the best out of me. When I went to city college, I felt like I didn't belong there. Luckily, my name was enlisted in one of the University's admission list. I got admission in that University, I felt good and thought of getting the best out of life. I have never had interacted much with PCs, University provided me the facility of accessing one. I was jolly and would go to events and places in the University. Our house always had a financial crisis and so I wasn't able to enjoy much outside of the University. I did well in first year. And my life was going great. I tried to get to a better University but nah, no luck for that. Then in the second year I got the general classes and so I was up for nothing. I got bored my the classes and started complaining how each subject is boring, at the same time I would be excelling at one of the subjects and my friends would be proud of that and I took proud myself in learning only that which is interesting. (I don't think that anyone should do that). Then I went to a Mathematical Camp which was awfully well and I complained there as well. I made few friends but then I stopped contacting them. I guess I got my phone around that time and I started watching porn hell a lot. I had no motivation no goal and I was fucked up like hell. What do you say about it. I feel sorry about everything that I want to become and yet till this day I am not the person whom if I look in the mirror I would say that I love that guy.