I'm 29. I've recently realized just how alone I am. I had a girlfriend for 1.5 years. We moved in together and things were good. Until they werent. I was... again... unhappy. I started a business. I gained clients. I worked. I was doing okay. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks and I had to breakup with my girlfriend. I didnt HAVE to. But I felt this massive pressure from within. Couldn't focus on my work. So I did it, and we broke up. It was painful for both. I moved home. My mom and her boyfriend have a basement apartment that I rent. The relationship has always been a bit rocky between us 3 but I was determined to improve that. And I did. We get along great now. I'm still working for myself trying to gain more clients. Things have slowed down. My good friends run a business as well. Their business is doing super well. I don't hear from them much. I tried to rekindle the relationship with my dad, we've always argued. He wasnt there while I was growing up and everytime we talk he inevitably blows his lid over tiny things, like me expressing my feelings about the past. He hated the fact that my mom left him and still deep down is angry about it. I've tried several times recently, one was at a restaurant, he got so mad he started yelling and screaming at me in front of everyone. I thought he was going to hit me. He has anger issues. It is what it is. So I dont see that relationship getting better anytime soon. My brother likes to be alone, hes a few years younger, has a house, hates his job, and smokes a LOT of weed. I only hear from him when I call him. He never calls. Happy doing his own thing. I'm lonely. I've tried dating again, to no avail. My friends work from 9am-midnight, then goto bed and do it again. They run a marketing company and are so excited about it that's all they do. My moms boyfriend, while we get along, has no interest in actually doing anything but working at home depot, coming home and drinking beer in front of the TV. My mom, when not working volunteers to help stray dogs get off the streets of Mexico and has then shipped up here in order to find them a home so they can have a better life. It's really nice of her to dedicate that time. It's hard to talk to her, shebgets distracted easily and put all of her time and effort into work, and this dog foster care thing. I just wish she had the time to talk sometimes. I feel so alone. Especially at night. I want to live a good life, and be happy. But I always seem to get into this rut where I convince myself that I should just and my life. I dont want to. And yet, it seems alien it would be such a relief to all of this. I got herpes from a girl a few years back. Did show up for a while. My ex gf was okay with it. I feel like breaking up with her was a mistake. I'm an honest person. I wont ever hide this from someone but I find it hard to convince myself that someone else will put up with it. I used to smoke a lot of weed to calm myself down. I quit so that I wasnt living in a haze all the time. I wanted to focus on my business more. I dont know what to do. Maybe it's the winter that makes me feel this way. I dont know. I think I'm just. Fragile. A pathetic man that broken inside with no hope of fixing it. I'm not worth anything. My mom says I'm loved. I think she can see me struggling sometimes but doesnt have the time to sit down and talk to me. Sometimes I'll just go for a drive. But then I'll spend money on gas, inevitably a coffee, then I'll be up all night and will sleep in the next morning. I never feel like I'm making the right decision. My friends invited me over to meet their new business partner. I went. I dont know why but sometimes I just clam up. I clench my jaw and don't want to say a thing. And I didnt. They were talking about how many new clients they on boarded. I'm happy for them. The new guy runs me the wrong way. Made a snarky comment about how quiet I was being. I didnt really like that. So I continued to say nothing. I dont know where Im going with this. I'm sure I need help of some kind. Some antidepressants or something. I've never had them. I just feel so lost. Like my ex gf was the only person that genuinely cared for me. And I just tossed her out. I can still remember her face while she cried when I broke up with her. Its crushes me to think about. Shes now in another relationship. I can only assume that shes happy. She deserves it. I have physical pain in my body from things I know not what. I'm sure an undiagnosed STI or worse. Doctors have taken urine samples, nothing shows up. I've taken the antibiotics just in case that they prescribed me. The symptoms come back eventually and my bladder stings. It's hard to urinate. My life feels as if its crumbling around me at an age where I should have a wife and kids. I wasted money on a stupid computer that I didnt really need. Now I have less money in my bank. I have some money but I'd feel better with more, being self employed with business slowing down. It feels hard to breathe. Holding my breath without even realizing until I gasped for air. Feeling my heart beat. I think to myself, what is the quickest, easiest, and most painless way I can end my life. Pills? Hanging? CO while sitting in my truck? Stabbing myself? That one would probably hurt a lot. Gunshot to the head. Have to make sure I dont miss. Through the mouth? Or against my temple? Idk. Have to get a gun first. Maybe I can drive really fast into an oncoming truck. I dont want to hurt other people though and I dont think driving into a wall or pole would  necessarily kill me, might just paralyze me. That wouldnt be good. I usually think about suicide until I realize that maybe living is worth it. Regardless of the lonlieness, regardless of the emotional or physical pain. I feel like an imposter in my industry. I dont know everything I could about how to do my job. I know enough to get by. Its a vast industry. I'm just rambling now it would seem. Why am I so lonely. Why do some days feel okay and others I just cant dela with this invisible pressure I put on my self. Why cant I just be happy. I used to play video games. Now I cant without feeling guilty. I have no one. No friends. No brother. My mom and her boyfriend live happily in their little world. Why should they make time to hear the woes of their 29 year old loser son living in their basement apartment. I'm too much of a pussy to end my life. Besides I'd only be hurting those that care about me. So instead I stay and suffer. I dont know what to do. A part of me wants to rekindle with my ex. I cant do that shes in a relationship. I want to ask her to grab a coffee and just chat even, but that's selfish of me, I have a feeling she doesnt want to talk to me. I messages her before this post, first time in 8 months. Said that I hope she was doing well. She said thanks you too. It was dumb. Why would she want to hear from the guy that broke up with her. Shes happy now. She doesnt want to talk to me. I dont blame her. I just want someone to talk to. I feel so alone. No brother, no mom, no friends, definitely no dad, no gf. Nobody. I wish I had a group of friends to hangout with. No matter what I do, I always end up considering taking my own life again. It's this common denominator that I always retreat to in my mind. It will hurt those around me, and it will suck. But for me? The inevitable will have come. I won't have any thoughts left. No feelings. No remorse. Nothing. That really appeals to me. I can feel parts of my body twitching, my eyebrows have started, apart of my head twitches constantly. My eyelids have begun twitching. I think its stress. But I dont know. Anyways. Thanks for reading. Going to try and sleep now. Tomorrow is a new day. One more towards the end.