I work in retail. Every once in a while I have to deal with shitheads who argue for the sake of it. They either shit talk me for no reason or make up a drama on the spot and act all loud and mad. Today I had an encounter with this lovely elderly degenerate who got mad because I asked them to show me their purchase bill (because I have to check if they really paid for what they’re taking). He got loud. He called me a fucking Indian (what kind of an insult is that? I don’t even look like one). I tried to not get mad back, but I felt a wave of adrenaline rush over me. Imagined all the ways I could hurt this idiot from a torn liver to a bashed in skull. And every time it gets harder. I barely held myself from beating the shit out of him right there and then. I realize that it’s so minor and unimportant, but I just can’t stand people being rude to me. I asked them to do what EVERYONE ELSE does. Are you really above them all to be a dick for no reason? And there’s this guy, my colleague. He’s a 24 year old man-child who only applied for the job because he has a crush on a girl we now both work with. Every time she’s around he tries to impress her by shittalking me and trying to make me mad. Wonderful tactic, right? I told him that if he says another word to me I’m kicking his teeth in. He’s cocky, but only when around her. We all know that he’s a coward and obviously he’s never even been in a fight. But would I really be an asshole if I beat him up for being rude to me for no reason? I honestly think I should never pick a fight at work because I value it more than these fools, but some people just don’t stop unless physically confronted. And I’m afraid because once I get in a fight my blood starts to boil and I begin imagining all the ways to hurt them as much as I can. Broken teeth, cut out eyes, severed arteries and such. I’m not saying I necessarily will do that but I’m very scared that I might. I don’t want that to happen but I think there’s something wrong with me, once I’m angry it’s like I’m a different person. I remember when I was young I beat up a kid for accidentally hitting me in the balls with a football. I was repeatedly kicking him in the ribs with my foot. Over and over until he started screaming. I don’t think I broke any of his bones though because we were kids and kids are not exactly strong, but I still feel bad for that. I just couldn’t control myself. And now that I’m a grown man, I feel like I can just accidentally hit too hard and well go to jail. But I don’t know how to control myself. I don’t know what to do.