I am a male (16) and I just want to start of by saying that I don’t think my parents are purposely trying to do any of these things, but it feels like they don’t really care about what I feel, more just what I do and look like. I have had pretty bad social anxiety for 4 or 5 years now, and I think my parents are at least partially to blame for it. Every time I try to change something about how I look or I try to do something new to improve my image of my self, they shut it down immediately and even will proceed to ridicule me for it for a considerable time going forward. I have tried talking to them about this several times, but they always get extremely angry and respond by either ignoring me completely or by just screaming over me until I give in. I am honestly at a loss, I just bottle up all the emotions inside of me and try to hide them away for fear of ridicule. It feels as if there is no one I can turn to or talk to about these things. My parents have always been extremely conservative and traditional. They constantly talk about what the roles are supposed to be for men and for women in society while also ridiculing those who fall outside of those traditional boundaries (i.e. homosexuals, guys with piercings, dyed hair, or tattoos, etc). I think this is a big part of the reason why I cant talk to them about my anxiety or depression. I think that they want me to grow up to be a traditional “man” that doesn’t do supposedly feminine things such as cry or feel depressed. I really think they mean the best and are trying to do what they think is best for me, but the problem is that I do not fit that mold at all. I have always been a extremely emotional person since I was very young, and my parents were completely fine with it for my early childhood, but almost as soon as I entered middle school they completely 180’d their stance on it. It went from them comforting me when I cried to all of the sudden them screaming at me every single time I cried, regardless of whether the reason is justified. I understand that a functioning adult can’t just cry every single time something goes wrong, but I also think that no one would blame a adult for crying when their dog dies or when they find out their girlfriend was seeing someone else. I am just so fed up and feel so incredibly stuck. I suppress the emotional part of me and I become depressed, and if I dont suppress my emotions then I feel like I am a disappointment and that my parents hate me, leading once again to depression. It also feels like every time I try to fit my parents expectations I lose a piece of my personality. According to kids I knew in late elementary school and early middle school, I used to have a extremely kind and charismatic personality, but now I find myself being extremely spiteful and even by my own omission, not fun to be around.  I just feel so extremely lost and the future seems so extremely bleak. I don’t have any really close friends because I am at this point almost incapable of opening up to people, and I cant really on my family at all for support so I just don’t know what to do. yea, that was basically all, I just needed to vent. I am sorry if this came across or privileged or angsty, I know that a lot of people have it a lot worse than I do, but that doesn’t change me from feeling the way I do and doesn’t really make the situation I feel myself going through any better.