What I really hate about myself is that I don't have my life together. I don't have a job and am having an extremely hard time getting one. I am 23 years old and I have only had 2 jobs in my entire life. I lost them basically because I suck, not being good enough so they just fired me. I don't have any skills in anything that could help me get ahead in life and the only thing I am really good at are things that don't seem to be of use to anyone or maybe I could make a living out of but its extremely hard to get anywhere with, for example I am a musician. Ive been playing music since I was like 5 years old and I am very confident in my abilities but I can't seem to get a band together and I wasn't able to keep the few bands I have played in going. At one point I considered the military but I am ineligible because of mental illness. As embarrassing as it is to admit, right now I live with my dad unemployed and I am still searching for a job but no luck. I basically have no friends and I just sit at home playing video games all day (not good enough at video games to make a living out of that neither.) I would like to have friends, have a girlfriend, maybe even become a father myself one day but I can't bring myself to make any, approach girls or have a social life because of it. My biggest fear is that once he's gone I will wind up homeless because I don't have a freaking clue how to better myself. I literally haven't done anything with my life and I am just anxious because I am getting older and pretty soon it will be too late for any of that. I would love to have the career of my dreams, the girl of my dreams and the company people who like me and won't judge me on any of it. I am very close with my dad though and  he has always had my back but he's getting older now. I have learned a great lesson in my hatred for myself and the way I handle it. I have survived suicide attempts and battled self harm. Death isn't the answer to ending pain and suffering it just creates more around because my father would be devastated if I did. It just hurts other people. I am just very disappointed in me underachieved. I just don't know what to do anymore...