Hello everyone. I'm 19 years old, soon 20 and I feel lile I'm already a shipwreck. I don't like myself, when I look in the mirror, I don't like what I'm seeing and I wish I could change that, but I'm afraid of changes, even small ones. Few years back I had to move to a new country along with my family. When I moved here I promised myself to try and be open and make new friends. As soon as I got there fears started to overcome me, I was afraid that people may not understand my accent and may laugh, so I decided to be the quiet guy, I would only talk to you if you asked me something, I isolated myself in front of a computer. I regret that so bad now, because I know I lost so many possible friendships. I'm still in contact with my old friends from my country, talk to them. Seeing them on social media with small but significant changes like hair colour, style or even girlfriends hurt me so much. I wish I could do the same, but fears stop me from doing so. For example, I got stuck with the same haircut from the same barber which I can't complain about for about 3 years. I really want to change my hair colour and try new styles, but what if I end up looking really bad? What if I'm going to pick a wrong hairstyle and I'll look awful? What would the barber say if I wanted something different than the usual? Same applies for my eyebrows. I was born with bushy eyebrows and people used to make fun of me when I was a child. I hate when I look in the mirror and I see them like that, but I'm too afraid to enter a saloon and ask if they can fix my eyebrows.. I'm always thinking how they may react, maybe they'll laugh or they won't want to deal with my "bushes", like why didn't you come earlier when they weren't that messy?
These answers came up when I asked myself WHY am I afraid? Got no answers when I've asked HOW can I get over it? 
I really hate myself today and I'm afraid I will be the same in maybe 5 years. 
This needs to stop now, but HOW? HOW can I get over it and start to sort out my life, be happy when I look in the mirror, start making new friends, eventually a girlfriend.
Please, any advice would be helpful, I don't know how much I can bear being the same day after day after day....