 I just need to type this out because this feeling has just been getting worse every day. I genuinely hate everything about myself, from my looks to my personality. Whenever I look in mirrors, I just feel absolutely disgusted with myself. I even go as far as avoiding mirrors so I don't have to see my reflection because when I do come across them, I'm impulsed to stare at my flaws and judge them down to the fucking bone. I feel useless, talentless, and like I'm a complete waste of oxygen. I had friends in high school that treated me like a last resort. When they needed someone to talk to about being depressed or their interests or basically anything, I would always listen. I would try and give the best advice I could at the time, but it always resulted in them thanking me and then forgetting my existence until their next life problem popped up. This basically just showed me how replaceable I was to everyone I cared about. And now it's just grown into hating all of my mannerisms, my looks, my voice, absolutely everything. I can't even take pictures or have my picture taken without doing everything I can to make sure it doesn't get taken in the first place, or immediately trying to delete it. But I can't even blame other people for leaving me or not caring about me the way I care about them, because it happens over and over again, and it seems like I myself am the problem. And it's funny because I drive people away and then still throw myself a pity party like I'm doing right now. I didn't have much of a social life in school, and it's even more nonexistent now that I'm doing online school for my last year of HS. I've never been smart, either. So just add that to the list of things I despise about myself. It's not even about being "smart", I've felt completely and utterly dumb for the past who knows how many years. My grades were terrible when I did public school. I've been procrastinating doing my schoolwork because of this mindset. I just really hate it and needed to get this off my chest. I've started doubting my future and if I could even have a successful life, and it's just really weighing me down. I've considered swallowing a bottle of pills and just getting everything over with.