Firstly, 18M. Please read this fully. This incident took place 2 weeks ago and I didn't tell anyone about it. I just wanted to share it with someone and get it off my chest, so I decided to post it here on Reddit. I didn't know in which subreddit I was supposed to post this, so I'm doing it in this one. If there is any other subreddit where this post belongs, please tell me. 2 weeks ago, we had exams where I was caught cheating. I had a small piece of paper where I had written the answers and during the exam, I would open the paper and copy the answer from the paper to my answer sheet. I was doing this when I was caught by one of my teachers. I was punished. I was told that I'd get a 0 in that exam. I regretted the cheating, so I thought I wouldn't cheat for the upcoming exam. I thought I would study well and write the exam honestly. I did study well and went to the examination hall confidently hoping that I'd atleast get a B-. In the middle of the exam, I got an urge to urinate. There were two invigilators in my exam room. Both were female. I asked one of the invigilators if I could go to the washroom to pee, to which the invigilator (female, early or mid 30s) replied that I could go, but she would come with me. I was shocked and I asked her why she would want to come with me, to which she replied that she doesn't trust me as I was caught cheating in the previous exam. She thought that because I was caught cheating in the previous exam, I would go to the washroom to cheat once again in this exam as well. I kind of really wanted to go, plus, we weren't allowed to give our papers and leave, we had to sit in the examination hall till the end of the bell, and there was still over an entire hour for the bell. I couldn't hold it that long, so I agreed to her. She came with me to the washroom, entered the men's washroom (which was empty at that time). I was shocked when she entered the men's washroom, but I didn't think much and I went inside one of the stalls, and just as I was about to close the door, she stopped me. She told me that she didn't "trust" me enough to let me close the door. She told me that she would stand outside the door, and I should go and "finish my business" right in front of her. She also told me that she would only give me a time limit of 2 minutes to finish my business as we had to rush back to the examination hall. She literally looked at her watch and started counting the time. I went to the toilet, opened my zip, and tried to pee. She was standing 3-4 feet away from me and I could almost feel her breathe on my neck. I felt like someone was creepily watching me take a piss. It was so embarrassing and uncomfortable, I felt extremely disgusted and I just couldn't pee at all. She suddenly told me "you have one minute left" and I started feeling so embarrassed, uncomfortable and pressured that I just wanted to push her away, cry, run away from her and jump off from the building. I just couldn't do the thing I came to do. I could feel her watching me, I didn't know what she would do if I didn't pee. "You have 20 seconds left" she said. I was so uncomfortable that I couldn't pee at all. I made my mind, pushed a few drops of urine out and made a little sound that could probably convince her that I did actually pee. I quickly zipped up my pants, came out of the stall, washed my hands and told her that I'm done. On the way back to the class, I was trying really really really hard not to cry. My eyes were filled with tears, but I didn't want to cry in front of anyone and most importantly, didn't want anyone to know that this incident ever took place. I went back to class, sat back on my seat, tried to continue writing my exam. I just couldn't get this incident out of my mind and concentrate on my exam at all. My bladder was still full and I had to hold it for another hour. Other students asked to go to the restroom too and they weren't accompanied by anyone. I felt offended, I didn't know what to do, whom to tell it to. Forget cheating, but I made up my mind that I'd never come to this college ever again. Even if I came, I'd never use the washroom in a college ever again. I couldn't sit comfortably, I was feeling embarrassed to even look at my teachers. I was just waiting for the exam to end which felt like an entire year passing. Finally, when the exam ended, I ran back home and I just couldn't get this incident out of my mind for the next few days. I constantly kept thinking about this and feeling disgusted, embarrassed and hatred towards that teacher. I didn't get a moment to prepare for my next exam and I absolutely didn't want to go back to college. I just skipped the next exam as I couldn't make up my mind to go back there. This is it. You guys may think that I was "overthinking" or something, but I don't care. This was literally the worst experience I've had in my college. Thanks for reading.