So this past november, I was seriously concussed at my uni gym. While I didnt lose concussioness, I was pretty violently hit in the head by a steel bar that momentarily stunned me and left me slightly dizzy. For whatever reason however, I refused to acknowledge the fact that I could be concussed and remember thinking to myself that this is just another bump that I can walk off. In the past I had hit my head pretty hard before and had been fines a few minutes afterward. This one, however, was definitely different. It was almost painful to look at my phone screen and I remained dizzy for a few hours after the blow. Yet, in the moment, I was not thinking about a concussion or seeing a doctor. It was a weekend and I had already made plans to see my new girlfriend and a few of my friends from college and finals were coming up. Although it seems beyond asinine and moronic now, I for someone reason didnt want to let these people down and thought I couldnt afford a concussion at the the time as I couldnt even fathom missing or delaying my finals so I felt like If I just acted like I wasnt concussed it would all go away. So that night and weekend I drank and went out with my friends and girlfriend and paid no heed to my head or really taking care of myself. While I noticed that a few things were definitely off including some slurring of speech and difficulty articulating myself, I thought everything would just go way through wishful thinking. So being a dumb fucking idiot, I spent the next three week operating as if everything was normal. I still drank every weekend and drank coffee and subjected myself to enormous amounts of stress during finals. Then after coming home from finals around 3 weeks after the initial incident is when all of the symptoms first really hit me. Headaches, tremendous difficulty with word recall, retrieval, short term and long term memory. In short, I felt like a shell of my former self and endeavoured to take the next 2 weeks off to just recover and take care of myself. But, the story unfortunately doesn't end here. No, instead, of just continuing to recover after those 2 weeks I went abroad to Europe for my spring semester. Although I proably knew it was not the smart or wise thing to do , I was enrolled in this program, hadnt told my parents about the concussion, was going with some of my best friends and felt like I had no choice. So while being fully aware of the potential long-term damage I was doing, I went abroad for the spring. While my friends were having the times of their lives, I was trying to perform a high-wire act of socializing and going out with them (which involved a good amount of drinking) and still giving myself the ability to rest and relax from time to time. I did this for around 2 and a half months until I came back the middle of this March. Flash forward to now, I have spent the better part of these past two months taking it easy and have effectively stopped drinking and am now working on exercising and taking care of myself. While I am certainly not 100%, my headaches have largely gone away although I still feel a step slow cognitively, am very easily fatigued, have trouble holding long conversations and still struggle with memory and word recall/retrieval. I cannot stop thinking that I mortgaged and fucked up my future because I didnt have the foresight or the balls to tell my friends or family what was going and wanted someone to just wave a wand to make it go away. Every day, I alternate between hope and despair about what my future will be and whether I have permantly damaged or compromised my cognitive faculties, my memory, my vocabulary, my wit, and my life. Worst of all, I have no one to talk to since I still havent told my parents or friends. Is there any chance of full recovery or ever getting back to who I was. I just feel very alone right now and would seriously appreciate any help or advice.