I haven’t been in too many relationships. I’ve been in 2 that lasted a while but never got any serious play. While all the other dudes I know (most of them are younger than me) have hella hoes and are cool af. There was one time where I saw a dude touch my girlfriend’s (at the time she was my girlfriend) ass and I did nothing about it but froze like a fucking punk. I allowed her to be disrespectful to me on several occasions and the same goes for the other ex girlfriend. But I take full responsibility for what happened. I don’t say what she did as if I’m some helpless victim. Fuck that, I can at least try and be a man and say that it’s my fault. I hate when I try and be a victim but I keep fucking acting like one sometimes. When I sit and think about how and why I am a pathetic, no job, no license, no game having, pussy ass, short fucking virgin, I get sad for a brief second. Only a second cuz when I feel sad in those moments, I get really really pissed. “Stop acting like a bitch” is what I think. Then I’ll slap myself or punch myself in the stomach, chest, hips, and finally the face till it hurts too much. I punch myself in the face till I see blood and I get a headache. If that isn’t enough then I get a sharp (but not too sharp) object and cut somewhere. Seeing the blood makes me feel a little better but if that is still not enough, I keep hitting myself some more. I can’t be reasoned with when it comes to this. I don’t want to feel better or forgive myself for what I did in the past cuz I don’t deserve it. After I’m done hitting myself and all that, I think “that was fun” or “that’s what the fuck you get bitch” and then I look forward to doing it again. I like the pain and anguish I put myself through but is also the reason I hate my bitch ass so much. If you read this far, you’re a trooper but I’m sorry you read this sappy, punk bullshit. Even when I read over this I’m thinking to myself “oh god...damn low-life simp” You probably think I’m pathetic too and that makes sense. Perfect sense. I do too but probably more than you.