I’m a black female in my twenties who grew up with one sister younger than me . For this story’s sake let’s call her Mary . I was the darker one and she was the lighter one and my mother would constantly mention that by calling her ‘Mary lightie’ in our language . I didn’t think much of it as it was just an accurate adjective but my thoughts on it changed later as I will explain. Additionally my hair is much curlier than my sisters and my mum would regularly call it ‘rasta’ hair or ‘dreadlocks’ . There’s nothing wrong with that hairstyle but my mom had a dislike towards ‘dreadlocks’ and thought they were ‘messy’ and ‘unkept’ thus implying that my hair in its natural state was the same. She would straighten my hair into oblivion and would always coo positively at my sisters hair. She’s mentioned my nose is too wide several times.  After these additional comments I realized that the ‘lightie’ comment was due to my mums fondness of my sisters light skin and euro centric features. Further more, my mum always criticizes what I wear, Mary is more into makeup and skirts and dresses than I am and I’m more into skin care , health and my style is mostly jeans or loose pants .She states I’m not ‘womanly’ enough and often says ‘make yourself a woman and do such and such,,, ‘.  Also the country I’m from hold lighter skin in high regard so they are always comparing me and my sister. Growing up my mum would always tell my sister to come downstairs if there was a guest to show her off and rarely call me down and when she did she would complain why I didn’t fix myself up when me and my sister were dressed almost exactly the same. .  I’ve gone off to university where discovered how to take care of my natural hair, appreciate my skin and just accept myself . Also my experiences in uni have built up my confidence and self esteem. But now that I’m back living in the same city as my mom , I feel like I’m back at square one and feel like a worthless girl again with so many flaws . I’m really tired of being constantly criticized and want to know what can I do in addition to addressing the situation with my mom. How can I build up my confidence in my looks.