I moved to a new state 3 years ago to pursue my dreams and to make a life with my partner. My partner was in the middle of a brutal divorce when I moved in and also had a severe drinking problem (which she was able to hide from me when I would visit and because I previously lived 2,000+ miles away). Without getting into too many details I wasn't able to work like I had previously been doing due to the location of where we were living, the lack of jobs and my mental health due to being in a codependent relationship and living with an alcoholic. So, I decided to create my own business and pursued that for over a year before I moved out and into a place with my friend. My partner and I decided to stay together but agreed that we needed to work on ourselves and have some space from one another. At the same time, I agreed to help her with re-opening her photography studio which she hadn't been using or renting for years now. We were both going to use the money from the rental profits to get back on our feet. I also just scored a job at a local photography rental business. Then, the pandemic happened. All business stopped so we were unable to open the studio and the job that I had just been hired at had to layoff their few employees and figure out how to stay afloat in the midst of a pandemic where no one in the industry was working. Realizing I now had zero source of income, I filed for unemployment insurance at the end of March to find out weeks later that I don't qualify because I didn't meet the minimum income requirement. If you don't qualify for UI the suggestion was that you would receive a one time gov't stimulus check of $1,200 (which I did and have only spent a couple hundred on groceries and bills then put the rest into savings for rent and future bills) and/or to look for part/full time work during a pandemic when the only companies hiring are grocery stores that don't provide their employees with PPE or hazard pay. So, I decided my last ditch effort was to apply for cash and food assistance through the state which has made me feel like a fucking *loser*. **Note:** I am not saying that people who have food/cash assistance are losers, by any means. Of course, there will always be grifters but there truly are many, many people like myself that need the help right now and I've always hated asking for help. If you are in a similar situation, I see you and I can empathize. I'm usually a half glass full person but am having a hard time with it all today. Thank you for reading. Stay healthy, be well.