 I think I'm starting this as some sort of therapy. Even though I don't do it very often, I really do enjoy writing. But I only enjoy it when I'm typing. Even though I prefer mechanical pencils, I hate writing with any sort of writing thing. Typing always washes my body with a sort of calmness. The only other times I feel this way is when I'm playing a video game, or sleeping. I need some sort of productive objective of mine in order not to feel alone. I have school work though, if I want an objective, I want to be the one to determine said objective. I'll sort of feel passionate about the school objectives if I find it enjoyable. Like History or Math or sometimes English but only when i'm making stories. I feel somewhat calmness when i'm writing research papers, but generally I hate them. To go on the main point of this entry, I think I'm pretty much emotionless. I think I feel what emotions I should be feeling, depending on the stimuli around me. Another way to say this is that I simulate my emotions. The only real emotion I feel is sadness and every emotion under that spectrum. Guilt, regret, sadness, stress, and among many others that I think are under the sadness spectrum. I agree with the Disney movie Inside Out, when it shows that there are 5 main emotions. Happiness, Sadness, Fear, Anger, and Disgust. On a side note, I wonder if this is actually true. The only issue I have with these 5 emotions being the main emotions is that I have no idea where confidence would fall under these sections. To get back on topic, in a group of people I well alone, because everyone there has someone else, while I'm just here. Alone. I think I've always have been alone. I cannot believe it took an anime to spell it out, for me to realize this. I do hate this coronavirus quarantine bullshit. The small pleasure I got from human interaction was ripped right out from under me, just like my life back at Versailles. Maybe I should right a backstory, just in case anyone finds this and is super confused. Yeah i'll right a backstory. I have no idea if this is my biography or not. I might have someone else right that for me since I don't have a linear train of thought. It hurts that I am alone, I crave the undying love from another human being, but it sucks because us humans aren't very accepting of mistakes, even though it is too easy to mistakes in this world. I love and hate writing like this because it might give the reader the implication that I know better than the residents of this world, when really I know just about the same as everyone else. I think that most people think the same as me when it comes to how this world works, but they would just word it differently, or not know how to word it at all. But I could be completely wrong. I don't know, I am just human. Just like you. Maybe like you. It depends on who is reading this and how far into the future the individual reading this is. Hello from 2020 to whatever time period you are in. I hope you are doing better than me. After all, these are just the ramblings of a mad man. Do I consider myself mad, absolutely. I am the last thing from sane or normal. If I was normal, I wouldn't be talking to a future person who doesn't exist and could possibly never exist to me. I wouldn't be talking to myself through typing to distract myself from how sad I feel. I find it incredible that even though I feel this sad, so many people have worse situations and are happy as can be. Am I selfish for being sad, perhaps. But that is a matter of perspective. For anyone wondering, the anime I mentioned earlier was Darling in the Franxx. Not that anyone would care, but if you do, thank you. And to the possible persons who knew the anime I was talking about, I wanna know how you knew. Please let me inspect your thought process. On a different thought, I like to consider myself a person with above average intelligence with too many passionate emotions yet at the end of the day I feel none of them. The emotions I feel are temporary. They are simulated, but in the moment they are true. Is that what being human is, being simulated in the moment? I couldn't tell you. I'm not here to answer the questions of the universe, multiverse, or the omniverse. I will if you want, but it is not my initial desire. Also if someone wants to tell me what is wrong with me, I'm all ears. My second greatest desire is to understand myself. My greatest desire is to feel real happiness. Not happiness simulated in a moment. What if my emotions aren't simulated, but all emotions are supposed to be made to go moment to moment. If that is true, that seems sad to me. But it lightens the darkness of my heart. I apologize in advance if anyone seems offended by my writing, but I must remind you. These are indeed the ramblings of a mad man.