I had a last appointment to get travel expenses for my new job with my job advisor who I'd been going to for 6 months. I'd never really got on with her in recent times as I used to just keep my head down rather than saying hello to her and I always felt she hated me because im ugly and quiet (the  type no advisor wants to bother with) I got a new job and I told my new job that id been in a temporary work placements the last 6 months rathery than being with that advisor the last 6 months as I said (because they didn't want to see too many gaps in unemployment, I lied) and my advisor (who didn't know tbh) contacted my new job to confirm my employment, and then my new manager questioned me about where I actually was the last 6 months ( I nearly got sacked) I emailed my advisor angry about it and her responses were her mad to on the defensive she replied with things like ‘I will not contact you again now if this is what you prefer’ and ‘I’m sorry you are unhappy about this but I do wish you well for the future’ etc. but but I quickly apologised as I realised she didn't know I lied I replied ‘ok sorry to make a fuss’ and she didn’t reply. Then the next day I emailed  her again and asked her could I get a bus pass for the first week of work as I worked a week in hand and apologised again also about my misunderstanding and she replied ‘that’s fine graham, don’t worry, if you want to come in to office ‪before 5pm today‬ I can sort this out for you’. Later that day I  went in to my advisor and I sat there about 10 mins (I thought she’d of wanted rid of me quick tbh?) she asked me about getting to work and how much it usually costs etc. I felt bad and there was an awkward silence as she was writing the paper form out for the bus pass, so I apologised again she then said 'it's alrigggghht' (sounding annoyed) I then explained my manager questioned me about it and she seemed surprised and said 'did he?' And then she said 'just we have to contact them to confirm your employment' Then I said 'Its ok I understand' and she went quiet as she written the paper form out for me then just asked when I’m next in (my new job) I said tonight and she said ‘tonight?’ (Idk if she was passing conversation or asking about travel expenses).  A moment later she passed me the form and I stood up to go and said thanks, then she leaned forward slightly sitting down with her hand out and said 'awwwwwwwwwww, awwwww (more like rrrrrrrr) (it was prolonged than what I typed like an gap filler tongue tied I think) and said a few things then I said ok and slowly walked away (out of nervousness) she then said 'let me know if you need anything else' I just said ok and slowly walked away and then she said ' oh..and I'll stay in contact to see how your getting on, I'll contact you by email if that makes things easier for you' and smiled (I mainly Contacted her by email) (she said it all upbeat and bubbly) I said 'oh ok thanks, great' (I'm really shy)she said 'awww ok' then she turned back around sitting on her chair and said 'oh and...(I turned back around again) well done' and smiled and then turned back to her computer. she said well done a lot since I got that job