I just wanted to basically write this in the great abyss that is the internet and never come back. Anyways, I'm such a crybaby, annoyance, and wrong. I can never hear anything anyone says unless they match my thoughts. What I'm really here to write is... I always been a nice girl, always done the right thing. The only thing I ever did against parents wishes was choose a career that wasn't even on their favor. And my mother gave me so much crap that I dropped out of college. yet I don't know why she always treated me like if she didn't keep every aspect of my life in control I would become a slut.(No shaming, I just mean someone who sleeps around you know) I think that is part of why I always disliked her, and now hate her. But what really hurt was when I found out my dad was spreading around rumors that I had basically been whoring myself around the year I was in college. It hurts so much because not only am I one of the most conservative people you could ever know but I always trusted my dad to be the one to support me, to know me. It hurts so much. I know I'm such a crybaby for this, but I right now I just wish I could leave, start a new, new name, no family, no one that knows me. Either that, or that I could just disappear. I always looked up to my dad and felt that he deserved better because he worked hard (like a dog) to maintain his family and I always felt he deserved better but now I can't help but hate him some what. I hate my parents, my family which I'm pretty sure believes I'm a bitch.  I'm sorry I exist, I'm sorry I'm an annoyance, I'm sorry I'm sensitive and stubborn, I'm even sorry that I'm probably just spoiled(at least that's what my mom says). I'm sorry that I don't know how to not do anything but smile, I'm sorry that I ever laughed in public, and I'm sorry that I can never properly express myself. I'm sorry that the clothes that brought me some confidence made you think awful of me(even though my dresses were always worn with leggings and have never worn anything tight or revealing), and the clothes that made me self conscious brought you happiness. I'm sorry for never saying the wrong things, and for all those time I was unintentionally mean, or appeared mean. I'm sorry for keeping myself slim because is the one thing I can ever like about myself. I'm sorry that I'm such a nuisance. I even apologize to anyone I ever met for cursing you with my presence. And for all those that said 2020 would be better you were wrong. I have never had as many breakdowns in a row. I just wish I didn't feel like I have to be so conservative, I wish I had felt it was OK to wear make up, and dresses...etc. Right now I just wish I had the courage to either move away, change my name, start a new, and probably leave forever on my own or the courage to off myself.