Hey, I’m actually new to this comm, but have been practicing SR for over a week now. Although this particular habit-break is new for me, I’m very confident it’ll work out, mostly because of this particular mindset that I want to share with ya’ll. Over the past few years, I’ve challenged myself in other ways, like with eating, excessive gaming, social media usage, etc. I’m def still a work in progress, but I also know that things have been working well so far and I wanted to share a bit of it here. How I see it, It’s really about changing the narrative that we’re constantly “restricting” ourselves; that we’re holding ourselves back at every moment. This narrative is why diets eventually fail, because they’re built on nothing but constant restrictions, and never on routine that the person actually enjoys or gets into. The idea is to start truly valuing the new actions your introducing. Essentially we should fall in love or get obsessed with the idea of who we will become, what benefits we will gain, what edge we’ll have amongst others, instead of holding on to the equivalent of “I can’t” or “I said I wouldn’t” .......I can. I always can, but I made a choice. I have been convinced on leveling up, and all I can think about is having better focus, attracting more women, and forming even MORE good habits with this newly-found ambition. Fuck porn. I want everything I just mentioned. I get all those benefits for just holding back an urge for one second of a dopamine hit!?....deal, dude. Of course, we work up to this, but any habit is easy to break when we truly become fixated or fall in love with the idea of who we will become by doing something different, like curbing a craving, or eating spinach. Feel me? You’re here because you’re willing to grow, adapt, and make positive changes in your life. You should be proud of that decision alone, and stoked for your future, just on that decision. Bask in who you want to become, and fall in love with every new skill, new habit, new mindset you attain. Hopefully this struck true with at least one of ya’ll. I hope you discover a lot about yourself through your journey. Glad to be apart of this group. Cheers.