It seems to me that some souls are particularly unfortunate in life, in that they are exposed to circumstances which motivate them to hate someone. That someone is most often, it seems, a person who was once an object of that soul’s affection, a person who was once treated by that soul as dear friend and confidante. In some cases, that sense of hatred is easily overcome by the powerful means of repression and distraction. For instance, a jilted lover swallows his/her sense of outrage and turns his/her focus towards discovering a new love interest. This seems to be the most common and the most natural way of overcoming the destructive influence of hatred. However, it seems to me that this formula for overcoming hatred is one which does not produce real forgiveness. It goes something like, “I will set my mind on other things, and thereby become a new person, and over time the object of my hatred will possess less significance, and finally I shall think nothing of that person and the torment which they have caused me.” Thus, it seems to me that the tools of repression and distraction, although undoubtedly effective against the influence of hatred, yet they fail to produce the real and authentic spirit of forgiveness in that soul whom the specter of hatred had at one point in its possession. I wonder, are the tools of repression and distraction the prerequisite steps to forgiveness? Or are they in fact missteps, accursed tools which produce a layer of hardness around the heart of the one who uses them? Let us imagine a soul who would refuse to use those tools, who would take no repression, no distraction, and would face the specter of hatred head-on. Would it necessarily overpower him? At the first, in all likelihood, it would. But my guess is that, over time, the titan would shrink; its significance to the miserable wretch whom it had come to torment would, eventually, normalize. “Move on,” the demon would say, and fear would shoot down the limbs of that person, and would reverberate out into the universe. “Distract yourself and pay me no mind,” it would say. Oh yet how I would applaud that soul, that miserable soul swallowed up in the depths of hatred, who would extend an arm out and place it upon the shoulder of that demonic shade, and see that it was only the ghost of misery fast approaching, and see that its power was unreal. Oh and I imagine that to embrace that misery, to embrace it as one would a dance partner, and to tarry away the hours with it, would be to grow more acquainted with the spirit of sadness, and would lead, by necessity, to the funeral of that hatred, and in its absence, yes, and only in its absence there would appear, rich as a symbol in a long and powerful dream, the option to truly forgive.