So here it is. My parents got HIV right before my birth and i was blessed for not contracting the virus. At the age of 9, my father died because the HIV expanded to AIDS. They got the bad news on my birth-day. Thankfully, they got access to the medications (1994). However, they got really depressed. Unmotivated. You know... HIV? They start to fight, my father started to drink and abuse drugs. We were living on south florida. My mother was devastated, she is brazilian. Eventually my mother divorced him and decided to take me to Brazil with her. My father died of despair. Since i was raised by my widow sick mother and my high extremely religious grandparents, sex became a hardcore taboo. I've never had good feedback about sex. Sex always have been associated with something very serious and bad with my family where should always be avoid, but I believe is supposed to be fun and healthy. If i've tried to invite over any girl or even just friends: Stop Sign. Started abusing alcohol and drugs. My mother, she didnt give up on me. She was weak emotionally, but she kept working and investing hard on me to build myself to go back originally where i came from. Today I have 26 years old. Had only been in two relationships. I managed to lose my virginity and have couple of sex, but something deep inside always find the way back to my mind and start bugging me with selfdoubt and bad emotions during the act, making me very nervous and upset. My ex broke up with me because for some reason that emotions grew up so strong that had been started to affect her well being. It has been 4 years now since the break up. No sexual life. I'm smart guy. I managed to overcome a lot. Not angry with my ex, moved back to US and not using drugs anymore. Went to get "professional" help, to deal better with this situation, but i've never found the final solution with this invisible enemy. Maybe should I see women and sex with other eyes? Porn has also affected me in the run. Now back in US where i didnt grew up, starting from the bottom like an alien. Having difficulties even to have a fucking normal conversation with women. Like a block, the invisible enemy has won the battle. How should i even START to have this type of conversation with girls that i'll met? You know, at least i'm aware enough to know that this may blow away new opportunities.