So, last year was one of the toughest years of my life, and that is saying something. I was already struggling with postpartum depression and anxiety and I also developed a disorder called PMDD (Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder) after having my daughter in late 2017. Basically, for at least a week out of every month I just hate myself and want to die. I know what it is, so that helps me to stay in control, but it doesn't keep it from sucking. Early last year my husband lost his job and we moved back home. We bounced around and stayed with family until we could get our own place, and when you have a small child that is a very difficult situation to be in. On top of being in a crummy situation yourself, you have the guilt of knowing that you are putting your child through it too. Luckily she is a super happy baby and was always well taken care of even if my husband and I went without. My husband got another job when we moved home, but the company was suffering and laid him and several others off right at Christmas, only a couple months after we finally had gotten into our own place. During all of that, I got pregnant with our second child. Even though our situation was bad, we were so happy and excited. Everything was going great with my pregnancy and then on October 2nd at 14 weeks and 5 days pregnant, I suffered a terrible and unexpected miscarriage. It was both physically and emotionally very traumatic and absolutely heart breaking. The baby was a girl and we named her Bella June. I have several pregnant friends, so seeing them in late pregnancy and having their babies makes me so happy for them but so so sad at the same time. My due date would have been March 27th and it seems like the closer that day gets, the more sorrow I feel. To know I will never hold my baby or see her play with her big sister is the worst feeling in the world. Every time my daughter is playing alone or asks me to play I feel gutted because I couldn't give her a sibling. I would love to try again someday but I just don't know if I am strong enough. Our finances are still rough trying to recover from last year and that is a huge stress and strain on us because we just want to give our daughter the best. My husband and I both grew up poor, so we are okay going without, but we want so much more for our girl than what we had. I pray every day that things will get better and we will get back on our feet and thrive again, and my husband and I both work so hard, but it just feels like I'm drowning in my life. If you read this far, thank you so so much. I just needed to get all of this out. I can't afford counseling right now so just having a place to dump this helps so much.