Well, let me set the scene for you. I was living with my boyfriend at the time. We got into an argument about him texting his ex (she was sending him sexual videos) and I wanted to leave, just to get away from the fight...he decided that in order to keep me there he would steal my glasses, my purse, my phone, and my car keys and lock them in the trunk of his car. Except my phone, it was in his pocket. We were arguing outside in front of his car. After begging and demanding my things back with nothing in return but him yelling at me, I told him I was going to walk to the nearest gas station and phone the police from there. I needed to have my glasses especially since I have very bad vision and I didn’t have any alternative at our apartment. I was so upset that he thought he could control me by stealing my glasses and my other stuff, I didn’t know what else to do. I had no family or friends close enough. Also, the glasses thing was just a hurtful low blow, or so I though. After I threatened to get help at the store he pulled my phone out of his pocket and told me that he would just call 911 himself, not only that, but that he would call them and tell them that I hurt him. He even threatened to stab himself with glass from a window that he had broken in our apartment and he said he’d tell the police I stabbed him. He dialed the number, I tried to reach for my phone, but missed as he jerked away, hung up and threw my phone on the gravel. Nothing more happened. I grabbed it as the emergency services person was already calling back. I answered and spoke to the woman on the line about what had been going on. As I’m explaining, my boyfriend unlocked his trunk and grabbed my purse and tossed it at me, running inside the apartment. I grabbed the bag, got my car keys and glasses and locked myself in my car. I stayed on the line with the 911 operator, as she requested, until ‘help’ arrived. While waiting I explained to her the whole situation and about how my boyfriend threatened to hurt himself, that I was so embarrassed and upset to even bother them with this but she just asked if I was safe, and I said yes I’m locked in my car now and he was inside. I told her how scared I was that he was going to do something to himself. Soon two police cars pulled up, three male officers. Two of them went to my apartment door and started speaking with my boyfriend about what happened, they interviewed him for about ten minutes. Then one of the officers that had been talking to him came over to ask me to get out of my car and to ask me some questions. He asked to look at my nails and when I held my hand out he grabbed my hand roughly holding my fingers up to the sunlight. I tried to explain what had been happening but he just told me to answer a few more questions first. He asked me if I had tried to take the phone away while my boyfriend dialed 911. I said yes, trying to explain that he had my phone and was holding my purse etc hostage. The officer cut me off and said that was a felony offense and he could arrest me for that and assault if he wanted to. He then told me that my boyfriends face had gash marks down one side, and that my boyfriend told him that I scratched his face up. I calmly told the officer that if he would please speak with the 911 operator that I reported this and that I didn’t hurt my bf at all. I just locked myself in my car and he did that to himself, that he did it to intentionally cast any blame on me. I was then told I was lucky my bf didn’t want to press charges, and that my nails looked clean so he was going to go easy on me. I didn’t even get to explain how my bf had stolen my stuff initially. I was told I had to leave the apartment and that I was not allowed to stay there anymore, okay, I had been trying to leave anyways. Even though I paid my bf rent, he was on the lease alone and I had no right to be there. I had to walk back inside with the police as escort to pack, just a bag for now, as I didn’t have time to get everything. While I packed and cried in the closet I heard my bf and the cops making jokes in the next room, just laughing and acting like nothing was wrong. One of the other officers came into the bedroom to oversee my packing and he heard me crying and tried to comfort me a bit. I expressed to him that I was so upset because I told them this is what was going to happen, that I was the one who wanted to call for help, and that I wanted to leave in the first place. That I didn’t scratch his face, that he did it to himself after the 911 call, that he stole my glasses and phone and keys and purse. I looked into the officers eyes and tried to make him understand. I asked him why would I be in here crying while he is out there laughing if he is a victim of assault. This police officer seemed to believe me. I could see it in his eyes that he was listening to me. It didn’t matter though. I left and sure enough my bf starting calling and texting me right after. I have never felt so humiliated, hurt, and unheard as when that first cop was questioning me. I thought I was gonna call and get help, and instead I was kicked out of my apartment and threatened that I’d be arrested for assault. I don’t know how I could have handled the situation any better. I don’t feel safe calling the police department for help, as I’m now petrified that I will be blamed somehow. I was so confused about what happened and had been emotionally dragged through the mud all day. I definitely won’t ever forget how that officer grabbed at my hands and accused me. But I’ll also never forget the one that believed me and listened to me. Anyone else out there experience anything like this?