So I am currently in a relationship with my girlfriend for more than a year and were pretty open about sexual stuff even to our friends. I once asked her what would she consider as cheating in which she replied "sex" although I thought thats quite loose for a relationship, i just kept a mental note for that. But anyways, around a few months ago, my girlfriend and I along with 3 more friends went to stay at another friends house to hang out for a bit. We were just chilling and all then two of them left ahead leaving only the three of us. This other friend is close to both of us and we share each others sexual experiences so we can say our friendship is intimate. After a good hour my girlfriend had to leave since her dad is gonna pick her up for some quality time so i sent her off and went back to the place which leaves only me and our friend. She was in the bed and since were intimate friends i proceeded to cuddle her(we were doing this awhile ago with my girlfriend on the other side and she didnt mind). We went on like that for a while until we decided to talk about sexual stuff. I am already experienced and shes still a virgin(although she had prior foreplay experience with her ex) so i gave her some advices and described how doing it feels. While doing so i kinda felt hot and was tempted to grab her boobs which i did. She gasped in momentary shock but she didnt push me away. I asked her if this is okay and she said yes so i proceeded to play with her boobs as well as her nipples. I went direct after a while and later i put it in my mouth and started to suck. By the looks of her expression i can tell she liked it and proceeded to try to please her better. Afterwards, I asked her if its okay to touch her down there in which she also answered yes. So i crawled my hands under her skirt and over her panties and began to run my finger up and down her warm, damp crack. After that, I asked her if its okay to touch her pussy directly and she said yes so i parted the panty to a side and run my fingers up and down directly on it. I spent more time stimulating her clit and being careful not to press too hard since its quite sensitive.i tried to put a finger in but she said it hurts so i didn't proceed. Now, one thing about me is that i really love to eat pussy and i love how my girlfriend reacts whenever i eat her big-time. So i asked her if its okay for me to eat it. She hesitated at first but said yes later so i took off her panties and spread her legs. I pulled her to the edge of the bed and did the cliffhanger position. She had a really clean pussy and it had a mild intoxicating aroma. I descended my mouth on her lips and it wasnt long before she was quivering in pleasure with her eyes rolling back. It was a really hot thing to see. I ran my tongue up and down her crack, went inside as far as i can, circled the tip around her clit and flattened my tongue to lick everything, alternating between each stroke. Each movement sends her to oblivion as she seems to near her peak. After a while she let out a big shudder and i felt something warm touch the insides of my mouth. When i finished, I look at her and i saw her eyes still lit with pleasure and body limp in exhaustion. I put back her clothing and went back to cuddling until she had to leave because its getting late. It happened again the day after and I must admit she had the best pussy ive ever seen. Were still friends now although she kinda felt distant after. I wonder if its because of what happened. My girlfriend never knew about what happened and I think me and my friend had a silent agreement that whatever happened stays between us. Up to this day it still didnt leave my mind.