Ok guys almost peaked right now so I’m in the mood to type lmao! Quick background said something about nexus flipping once after reading mdwanker posts and literally desiring that for real! Bro I’m super nasty I’ll play with my ass a bit when having long jerking sessions but that’s new just found out I like to play with my nipples too! Always horny for real lmao my wife is now but wasn’t as much until we met 13 years ago married for coming up on 5! She has no idea about high school life let me be real here black kid moved out the inner city cause I was getting into trouble moved to the burbs and it was worse if drugs were what they were trying to keep me from played allllllllot with x in high school 01-04 only one year in particular coke a lot! Even free basing it (which personally is my favorite high to date) haven’t done that since high school cause I’d loose everything playing with that now kids home wife etc shrooms mixing matching Vicodin’s all that I’m with it lol! You now know more about my drug history then my wife! Lol ! Multiple orgies since high school I got a solid 5 of straight poem hun sqpuirting Uber nastiness and have had sex with countless chick (college and high school hoops helps! )Got two kids and we’ve calmed down a lot but we still smoke a ton of weed we’ll I do she’s responsible and wait until night then we get nasty I mean it’s gotten nastier as we’ve grown guys seriously I’m 6’6  D1 Bball player and she ran college track but all we did was smoke hella weed fuck and pop addys (my favorite now only cause I feel like o can control it) but we played with molly once not knowing I shouldn’t drink on it night was great threw up at the end that sucked! Back to her she’s 5’9 black real long hair big beautiful lips had a decently sized athletics ass when we meant but all’s had double D well after the kids the tits stayed and honestly it must’ve been cause we were young 20 when she had our first and tonight’s her 33 bday and had another two years ago! I could sit a can on her ass no lie and she nasty like I said now we watch porn and vibratory and all that! She loves to cum when I play with her ass I usually make her beg me for it and say please while she sucks my fingers and spits in my mouth and sucks my tounge!  (My favorite) I haven’t cheated since we were married cause I’m really good and she has really put the effort in to fuck me and explore and be mor consistently nasty and trust guys she is! I’m rambling and almost peaking sorry everyone! She’s literally in the shower now rolling and shaving while I pack a king raw cone of some OG sour and Purple cookies and scraping hella kif worried tho that our great sex will be diminished after tonight!!!! Someone tag mdwanker! I want him to read this hahahahaha! Love all y’all man o creep and READ EVERYTHING and sometimes jerk to your stories and experiences then suck my wife tits till milk comes out ( always been a lactatator) and now I like to drink it while I suck she even squirts it into my mouth and licks it off my face while spitting in my mouth and her tits cause I’m demanding her to be more nasty I’ll see if she lets us where some masks and tape so. I can show y’all! My turn to shower I’ll check in later and I’ll be reading responses tell all your stories talk to me maybe I’ll even let her read it SIKE PEEEEACE FROM A BIG DICK SECRET CLOSET SEX AND STIM AND MOLLY FREAK!!!!! I want 2cb!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAH!