45 m married 20 years. Married to the love of my life. A little backstory, in my late teens After High School I worked in a restaurant. The owner's daughter, single mom, in her mid-thirties and I started hooking up back in her place after work. She was very experienced , super sexual , previously married.. She taught me everything I know and I think kind of fucked me up from the rest of my life. Was always a cool relationship and almost a teacher.. she said don't do this, do this, girls like this, girls don't like this, Etc. She really helped me be a better lover.. She also liked to have wandering fingers. And when I say that I'm talkin mind-blowing orgasms during oral, during PIV missionary. She never made me feel ashamed and actually showed me how to reach levels that I never thought were possible as far as orgasm. I was her boy toy , and I welcomed the role. Never experienced anything like that with a woman sense. fast forward 5 years, met the love of my life. Been married since 2000 and I've never even entertained the idea with her nor did she even know that this type of stuff existed.. we have very good sex life. Almost nightly in fact in our forties and have gotten to a level that we have never gotten to in the past. Play with a little bondage, toys, I've introduced anal to her but had been afraid to talk about it with me. I'm a bit of an alpha, and I'm definitely the dominant force in the bedroom. She rarely is on top, I seem to initiate everything and I think she likes that role. So rewind to several nights ago when we were talking about butt play for her, and I slowly and subtly slid in that maybe I would like it too. She doesn't know about my past experiences, I would feel that she would be intimidated. But I did tell her that I was open to it and her eyes kind of lit up and said you know I always thought you were a little gay! I tried to explain to her that I don't have an attraction to men , but I'm told that feels really good on guys and I'd really like to maybe experience it. Not only do I want it for myself but I think that would give her an opportunity to have some dominance that maybe she is looking for with me. Unfortunately, she attempted to De masculinize me.. I really didn't like the vibe that she was giving off. I kind of Let It Go, and a few hours went by and she says you know if you want to do that I would be open to it if it makes you feel good. So now we're back on, but now on the back of my mind I have this idea that she thinks I'm homosexual. It's kind of fucking up the whole gig for me.. I never had that feeling with my past experience so I'm not sure if I can get past it.. any advice?