
So i’m gonna tell you an experience i had a couple months ago. I went to the spa with my boyfriend. It was my first time ever and my boyfriends first time without swimsuits. I was so exited and a bit nervous, i couldn’t wait! After an hour driving we arrived. 
There were no private changing rooms, everyone was just unclothing in the lockerrooms. It felt so weird to uncloth while standing between other men and women! It scared me a bit, So when i was all naked i quickly put on my bathrobe to cover myself. 
Once we were inside the spa, i had to put off my bathrobe to shower. For a second i was scared but then it felt so good and exiting! I just wanted to walk around everywhere while being naked! I sometimes saw people watching me and I liked that so much. 
Sometimes when we were alone in a hot tub my boyfriend would touch and tease me and it just made me so fucking horny! When we were in a sauna he made me lay down and open my legs a bit so people could see my dripping wet pussy. 
My favourite sauna was the steam bath. It was so steamy you could barely see the other people in the room. My boyfriend fingered me and i was so horny.. i really wanted to cum but i knew i couldn’t be silent and there were like 6 other people in the sauna... 
Before we went home we first had a shower and there was a body srub so i slowly and sensually srubbed and washed myself and became even more horny.. 
when we were back in the lockerroom my bf told me to not were any underwear, so 15 minutes later i walked out in only a dress and shoes.. if he asked me to fuck me there in the middle of the parking lot i would have said yes without even thinking about who could see me because i wanted to fuck so badly!
So.. back in the car.. i had to pull up my dress so i would sit with by naked ass on the chair. He teased me a bit and them started driving. He told me to play with myself. I was so fucking wet! I played with myself until we arrived at home and came twice. The idea that there were so many people on the way around us.. they could not see what i was doing, although i think there were a lot of truck drivers who could see mee and since we were not driving very fast due to the amount of traffic they probably had lots of time to see me fingering myself. 
My boyfriend even asked me if should go to a parking lot so i could make a resting truck driver very happy by showing him my tits or pussy and maybe even fuck. Or just drive trough the parking lot very slowly so everyone could watch inside the car and see me. I immediately said no but i really liked the idea and maybe the next time i’ll say yes... 
As soon as we were home we had the best sex ever!