Me (22) and my girlfriend (21) have been together 3 years. Both still live at home, see each other in the evenings after work when we can and on weekends when possible. Good sex life, fairly regular, always up for it. Valentine’s Day, we’re sat in my room, just finished the meal I cooked, having a few drinks, we decide to walk to the pub. We set off, the pub is only a 15 minute walk. The normal walk would see us stick to the path next to a road, although there is a quicker way that involves walking through some woods, which she suggests doing. I’m hesitant as it’s dark and muddy and don’t see the need (it’s only 5 minutes quicker) but agree as she seems very keen (I wasn’t sure why). We start walking through the woods and soon come to a massive opening in the woods with a mini football pitch. Then there’s a mention of having sex in public and had I ever thought about it, which in all honesty I hadn’t. As we’re walking through the pitch she asks ‘would you fuck me right here if I wanted it’. It was a surprise to say the least, I wouldn’t say our sex life was ‘vanilla’, we tried out a lot of things in the bedroom, but never even a mention of anything in public. As shocked as I was she’d ask, the thought of fucking her right there made me instantly hard, I felt nervous, what if someone saw us? It was a huge opening, people would be able to see us from so many angles? We began to kiss and let our hands wander down each other, we kept looking all around us to see if we could see anyone, we were still very close to the road, I could hear cars driving by. ‘Shall we just do it?’ She drops her trousers down and I pull out my hard dick, we begin wetting each other up quickly, and soon she turns round and backs into me, and it’s happening. We’ve fucked so many times, but doing it right there, in that huge opening, where anyone could see us, felt so fucking good. And although at any point we could’ve been caught, neither of us cared. It soon turned into what seemed like a game of dares, who was brave enough to take the most clothes off while we’re doing it? She surprised me as within seconds of us starting her coat and top was off and thrown on the floor. I followed by taking by coat and t shirt off and quickly stepping out of my trackies. We’re almost completely naked at this point, fucking so hard, without a care in the world. We never made it to the pub. Ever since it happened it’s all I can think about, I can’t wait to try other things out in public. The rush and the risk has to be the hottest feeling ever.