Imagine it is a rainy Sunday evening, we go for a walk until a rain shower suddenly surprises us. We quickly hurry to my house, when we arrived we were both completely soaked. So we take the wet clothes off and crouch together in front of the heater wrapped in a blanket. I notice you shivering so I put my arm to you and pull you closer to me. You look at me with your big shining eyes and I return that look. Then I slowly lean over to you and kiss you on the mouth. Meanwhile I gently echoed your cheek, my other hand slowly wandered to your bra. We kiss tenderly while I massage your beautiful breasts. My right hand slowly moves backwards and opens your bra. Slowly I kiss down on your neck to your breasts and kisses too, you flinch briefly when I do this. I will definitely go down further kiss your belly to your underpants. I look briefly at you looking at me full of expectation so I carefully pull your underpants down and kiss you between your legs. A slight moan escapes when I kiss your labia and shortly afterwards stimulate you with my tongue. Now it's me who is looking at you and cheekily says "It's your turn". You carefully come over to me and kiss me down to my underpants. Once at the bottom you slowly pull down my underpants. I have no idea my long hard cock comes towards you. You take it in your hand and gently start to lick it from bottom to top and then put it in your mouth. I take a deep breath because it feels so good. You kiss my cock again and then kiss me up again until we can look each other in the eye. I gently put you on the back spread your legs and slowly push my hard cock into your warm, wet pussy. You frown and bite your lower lip as I push it all the way in. I'm slowly getting faster and faster while you are getting louder and louder you cling to my back and I'm giving it to you more and more. Shortly afterwards I pull him out you turn on all fours and I see your beautiful ass. I grab courageously and hold my still hard cock to your ass. Since you don't say anything I take that as an approval. So I briefly pull out a rubber and put it on. Then I hold it up to your ass again and carefully push it in. You draw in the air sharply as the tip penetrates your butt. It elicits a groan from me because it feels so incredibly good. Slowly but surely I push it ever deeper down to my balls. I briefly ask you if everything is ok and when you nod, I carefully move him back and forth while I stimulate your pussy with my hand. You and I can hardly help groaning because it feels so good. At some point you turn your head and look deeply and seductively in my eyes. I carefully pull out and lie on my back. You lean over me, pull off my rubber and start riding me. While you ride me, I knead your breasts. Shortly afterwards I gasp that I am coming. You bend down to me and kiss me while I come in you. You let yourself fall on your back afterwards and I watch as you lie wide-legged and seductively in front of me and my sperm drips out of you. I find the sight so exciting that I take two fingers and you push it to stimulate you a little until you come again.