After a lovely day together we come home. Walking inside behind you I flick your butt as you look back and glare with a cute smirk on your face. As we reach the living room I grab your wrist and spin you around into me kissing you... I then pull away to see you looking up at me with the most beautiful smile. We sit down and turn the tv on to watch some nameless movie and cuddle up next to each other... then moments that feel like hours pass and I finally give into temptation... jumping up and pulling you to your feet as a smile dances across your face in excitement for what you know is to come... grabbing your hand i lead you to the stairs and wait for you to go up them before trailing behind you... you begin to ask "which roo-" but ur immediately cut off as you reach the top of the stairs and see a black cloth go over your eyes... I lead you into the room and stop you as you pass through the door and hear it shut behind you... as soon as the sound of the latch hits you... you feel my body press firmly up against yours from behind... you jump at the unexpected touch and feel my hot breath up against your neck as I grab your waist with one hand and gently move your head to the side with the other before caressing my lips down your neck until they reach the bottom and my lips press firmly up against your neck and you smile and let out a gentle sigh... IMMEDIATELY I grab your hip firmly and spin you around into me... as you stumble and fall into me I press my lips firmly up against yours as i catch you in my arms and spin both of us around... slamming you up against the door... I then let my hands slide down your waist and down to your wrist... grabbing them tight... I then pull them over your head and slam them up above you as I whisper in your ear... "Stay"... you smirk at the remark and drop them as if to mock me... I immediately grab your cheeks firmly with one hand and kiss you and slide my face around to your ear and whisper once more into it... "Someone's a bad girl"... as I then slam them above your head and jerk your shirt off over your head and undo your bra as well... I slowly work my way down your body... kissing on your breast and gently biting at them before making my way to your hips and then undoing your pants with my teeth and jerking them down... in my rush your panties come with your pants and you jump a little not expecting for them both to come off... I stand back up and you moan a little as one hand stays behind and rubs your clit while the other caresses your face and I kiss you once... twice... and I then pull away and grab your wrist as well as bend over throwing you over my shoulder and then walking over to the bed and throwing you down... you land and raise the blindfold up a little and see me taking my shirt off... you grin as my abs start to show and place the blindfold back on as to where I won't notice... I then crawl over you pressing your hands up against the bed frame... and strapping them down... I grin afterward and place two fingers on your clit and press down and run my fingers back and forth hard as your body jolts... but I pull away and disappear only to come back and you feel ice cold water drip on you before I then begin to kiss down your body and you jump at every kiss from the the ice cold touch of my lips... you slowly realize there's ice in my mouth as I get closer and closer to your pussy and then finally I go down on you and your whole body jumps at the touch of my tongue as I touches the outside of your pussy... i then slowly begin to lick your clit and you let out a very slight moan as my tongue passes over it... I slowly get more and more aggressive, pressing my face hard up against your pussy and slide two finger into your vagina and you moan sharply as I massage your g spot... I go on and on until your moans are practically deafening and i your whole body shudders as an orgasm shoots through your whole body... I then hop on top of you and slide my cock between your legs slowly rubbing it on lips of your pussy and you beg me to stop teasing... I bend over and whisper in your ear "Is this what you want?"... you nod yes and bite your lip as I slowly slide it in as you moan and my body presses up against you as get slowly begin fucking you and ask me to do it harder... Raising up I hook both arms under your legs and ram you hard... you throw your head back and yell as I fuck you... harder and harder... pulling your legs over your head and make you take EVERY inch of my cock inside your dripping wet pussy... then I pull out and you moan and try and rise up but the wrist straps stop you and I roll you over... pulling you to your knees and grabbing a hand full of hair as I slide my cock back in you and jerk your head back as well... I fuck you... hard... you're eyes begin to roll back and I then let go of your hair.... placing both hands on your hips and slamming your ass up against me, making you take every inch until your legs seize up and you yell out as you cum again... I keep going... knocking you up against the wall and i pull out and undo your straps and pull you over on top... your back then arches as you place both hands on my legs and rock your hips back and forth... riding my cock more and more until I pull you off... throwing you off the side of me and getting back on top as I cum all over your chest and stomach... and I fall over next to you as you roll over and wrap your legs around me and I kiss you... "How was that beautiful"?