Roxanne was a 55 year old married woman. Her and her husband Gordon where empty nesters, and decided to take a trip to a small island on the coast. Roxanne and Gordon took good care of themselves, Gordon was what most would call a silver fox. Roxanne did regular workouts with yoga and walks, she had gotten a bigger butt and hips she was embarrassed about her breasts too got bigger but hang low. Roxanne’s bra had gotten big and she had push up to to make them fuller for Gordon. They married out of high school he was the only man she was ever with and happy for it. The trip would not be all fun in the sun Gordon still needed to attend a morning meeting every day, but they had rented a small cabin with a few rooms so Roxanne could still be around but she had planned on taking morning walks or doing yoga on the beach. The first night they got in later around 4 and unpacked. Gordon found drowse and closet space for his clothes and a small dresser for the swimsuits. Roxanne unpacking her’s too finding space for all her clothes. When she got to her swimsuits there where the two plan one piece a modest bikini, her cover ups and one she didn’t pack. A small black one, with stitching up the back so it would run in her butt crack. “Did Gordon pack this” she thinks to her self “must have”. After unpacking they walk down to a small restaurant down the street to get some dinner and a few drinks. Soon it became a lot of drinks and they started walking home. On the way Gordon keep reaching up Roxanne’s long skirt and grabbing at her boobs. Once they got in side Gordon slammed the door and then Roxanne to it. He fingered her tell she came. Then he pressed his mouth to her ear and side grab the suit I packed you. Roxanne’s hart was running and she rain to get it on, as she did Gordon popped a blue pill to give a little more to the night. She came out the top barely covered what it need to and the bottom almost showed off her whole ass. If she wasn’t so drunk she probably would have never where it. She did a spin and sent the top flying. Gordon was on her, he had her on the table the counter top, the floor. They went for position to position, each switch Roxanne slowly to the bed. It felt like when they where first married. After doggie and cowgirl they both couldn’t take it and fell asleep in each other’s arms.