I was waiting by the kitchen counter, the gentle hum of the microwave permiating the air. I leaned over to reach for a spoon, thats when I felt his hands on my hips. His body pressed ageinst mine, pinning me to the countertop. The shock turned me on, as his hands began to work on me, I felt his hot breath rolling down my chest as his right arm wrapped around my body. The other hand began rubbing between my thighs, the anticipation made me wet. My heart skipped a beat as two incisors met my shoulder, his wet lips quickly followed as he began sucking on me. My nipples where hard as the buzzing between my hips grew, his hand down there stopped, reached up to my waistband and paused. I gently inhaled and quietly gasped a yes. His hand dived down slowly, feeling cold compared to my shaven body. When he reached my clit, he glazed over it like a figure skater on fresh ice, slowly working around the area before begining a rhythmic back and fourth motion. Each motion sent a pulse down my nervous system. His chest made a seal against my back as he pressed closer in, our little pocket of heat tingled my skin as much as his arm around my ribs did. His hand began rubbing faster, harder, in cycles and waves. My legs trembled as his grip on my neck tightened, but i could not fall as i was wedged between his hips, chest and legs, and the counter. A hard warm spot fromed in his crotch as he pressed it against my arse. My vision escaped me as my mind focused on the growing feeling, i was approaching the edge. I moaned as he pressed in harder again, the unstoppable feeling that i was about to come was over powering. Then it happened, the deafening electric wave down my entire body, spreading from my core like an infection. Those where the longest 5 seconds of orgasmic plessure if ever felt, his hand hips and mouth unrelenting through it all. He slowly pulled his hand out, leaving a wet trail as he left. Releasing the pressure on my body and shoulder, he tenderly asked "Is my hot chocolate ready?"