Daddy walks up to baby's side of the bed and I pull down his sweat pants (with a happy grin) and begin to suck his cock... all while making eye contact with daddy. I lick his shaft, suck his cock, balls over and over again. Enjoying daddy, because I missed my daddy so much. I suck daddy's cock hard and fast while squeezing his balls, because I'm eager to taste/ drink daddy's cum. I wasn't fed any today. I'm feening for it. He starts to moan. He tells me I'm a good babygirl. And for a second I think i'll get my milk. My reward. But daddy has other plans. He always wants the control. He decides when he wants to bless baby with his milk. He knows I'm  good at milking his cock. He's impressed with me. But has to stop it before he blows. And he's sooo close... Daddy then bends down a little and grabs me by the throat (choking me) and pushes me onto the bed so I'm on my back. He rips my lacy thong off of me.  I'm gasping for air. But I'm also turned on. Daddy forces my legs open wide. He sees my pussy is shiny with precum. He slaps my pussy.  He does that a couple times. He says he loves the sound baby makes when he slaps  my pussy... while still choking me (with on hand). He laughs. Tells me, "You almost had me babygirl. Daddy is rock hard now." I'm so turned on right now. Daddy loves watching me struggle. Loves that I allow myself to be his fucktoy. That I love pleasure... and pain. He smacks my pussy harder a few more times. I yell. And he decides he's ready to hear me scream. He wants to ram his big hard cock into baby's pussy. Show me daddy's power. Daddy decides to eat baby's pussy. Get her nice and wet so his cock doesn't tear me pussy. He eats and tongue fucks baby. He loosens his one hand chokehold. But keeps his hand around her neck while baby spasms and cums. ... Daddy starts to eat baby again. But then he gets more aggressive.  It feels so good.... but sometimes hurts. Those conflicting feelings confuse me. But I want to cum again. I let daddy get rough with my precious jewel. My tight pussy. My swollen pussy lips. He starts to bite my sensitive labia and I start to yell in objection. But he then starts to choke me again. Hard. You're face deep in my pussy. Biting, sucking my labia and clit rough. I try to get loose. But daddy is too strong. I start to cry while still gasping for air... then daddy starts to tongue fuck baby's pussy. With tears in my eyes and daddy squeezing my throat I feel my orgasm building. And then I let out a loud cry and cum hard again. I'm whimpering and trying to catch my breath at the same time. Daddy now wants to fuck. Now he wants to cum in baby's pussy. Daddy climbs on top of me. It happens so fast. He covers my mouth and starts to fuck baby like he wants to break my pussy. And I love it...