My interests have always been very varied and short lasting so even up until now I have completely no idea what I want to do in life? I don't even know what I want to study in university honestly. And the fact that I don't like the subjects I'm studying right now (except for lit) isn't helping either. On top of that, I feel like the jc lifestyle doesn't suit me like I really don't like the way the curriculum is structured and the hardcore studying culture. I feel like poly would suit me better but the problem is I have no idea what I want to do. I've talked to my siblings about this and they told me to stay in jc for the time being. So I'm planning to do that but I feel like I'm just going to dread jc more and more to the point where I hate it. I'm also one of the few people from my secondary school that came to that jc and I still haven't found friends that I can relate to. I think the problem is because most of them are from elite schools and there's just this gap between elite schools students and neigubourhood school students. I'm not saying all elite school students are bad or they are like this but generally that's what it feels like? It's just so hard for me to fit in. And after hearing what my friend from another jc said, a neighbourhood jc would have suited me much better in terms of the culture so I'm also regretting my choice. I really dislike the general culture and environment in my jc. It's not that it's bad, it's just not suitable for me. Honestly I just regret my whole existence?? Like I just feel like I'm born in the wrong country at the wrong time. And I honestly don't mind dropping out of school and work some odd jobs like retail especially since I have nothing I want to do in life anyway. I feel like I would be happier that way too but given my family's situation, I can't do that because it's not going to earn me much money. I'm just feeling so lost, unmotivated and shitty in life right now. Am I the only one feeling this way? My only hope is that by the end of this year I can maybe figure out what I want to do in future otherwise I'm really screwed for life.