This game is a real trip man. I want to talk about this unique expirience. (I played the ps4 remaster last week) So, the game immideatly grabs your attention with these stunning visuals, complicated story, and the promise to take down giants. While the story might be complicated, the gist seems to be very simple: kill monsters by following a light streak to ressurect your dead gf. Without saying anything, I immediatly felt for Wander and his horse, Agro. Then off we go, towards our first colossus, Valus. The expierence I had with him was probably the best off all of them, I wouldn't say he is the best boss, but he definently sticks with you. Let me just say that I enjoyed all the bosses throughout, except for the 2 dogs/bulls (ill get to that). I see a lot of people complain about the wonky controls and difficult camera. And I would say the same if I wasn't killing friggin' giants. Cus here's the thing, Every single little struggle, every shake the colossi make, every fall to the ground, make the final kill that much more enthralling. I did rage a lot of times, and said that it was impossible, it was the games fault. But shouldn't killing Colossi feel impossible? I think what appear to be bad game mechanics, kind off make the game what it is. Its also why I dont like the befor mentioned bosses. they arent grand, and, especially with celosia, it doesn't really feel like an achievement to kill them. The 2nd one (cant remember his name) was still okay, because you get this little platforming element. But I think they couldve worked out the same thing with a giant. But Celosia? when I killed him the first time I was just sitting there, saying "f\*ck you! f\*ck you!". Then there is the open world. It's absolutely stunning, except I do think they could've added some more depth. Like hidden little details just like the easter egg to the last guardian. Other than that, I can't wait to try grabbing onto a hawk and flying over it. Lastly there is the story. It has me feeling very conflicted, because it started from something deep but simple, to something confusing and complicated to me. Seeing the main character turned into a baby, like, I get it, but something about it doesn't feel right. Seeing agro alive and well was the best though. As long as there is still statisfaction to take out of killing collossi, I will keep playing the time trails. I can't wait to blow up celosia with some flash arrows and throw a harpoon into him. good job reading through all my rambling.