Taking a look at the culinary world of blades can be quite a big eye opener for those who are not use to seeing blades, and in Japan this is taken to the next level with multiple types of specialized designs that are made for certain ingredients and certain cooking practices. Many of the blades that are made are Kitchen Knives and Culinary Shears.In Shokugeki no Soma, there are a variety of knives that are used throughout the series and shows that the efficiency of great speciallization has plenty to do with the tools used. Because of this the more specialized the blade the better it can perform for speed in slicing to ensure freshness and quickness.When Soma gets ready to cook he is often seen with his case of knives and the three that are his favorite are Santoku Knife (multi-purpose), Nakiri Knife (vegetable use), and a Yanagi-ba (sashimi precision). These exist in real life as well and are a good combination of knives that can be used for simple tasks as well as more complex tasts, however it is based on the idea of skillful at many and master of none.Understanding that many of the knives are regional to Japan brings the exploration of the blades to their creators. The blacksmiths that have often come from swordsmith backgrounds of Katana's often pass their skills down for Kitchen blades that are used. They are made with techniques past down from generation to generation that usually involve the fusing of steel onto iron.Modern Japanese Blade making has a process that defines the regional blade forging difference in how its made. (1) heated steel is hammered to a particular thickness and length, (2) iron oxide as a binder is placed over a hot iron strip, (3) and a harder steel strip is placed on top to be heated and hammered to be fused. The overlayed steel will be the cutting edge of the blade and eventually takes the shape of a knife. This comes from similar techniques that were used for Japanese sword making.Grinding Sharpening creates a blade that can keep its sharpness for a better cut and a nicer slice when preparing foods. The equipment involved would be a mechanical electric grinding wheel, with a grinding stone belt. This starts the process of: Uneven Grind "Rough grind", hammer flattening process for "Grind straightening", Even Grind "Straight Grind", and Wet Stone Sharpening "Thin-Precision Grind". The performance of a blade depends on how well its cared for and how well its sharpened and the users skill in how it is used as well. A sharp knife has cleaner texture in the slice and little distractio from the flavor of the food.The use of bladed tools are necessary with culinary culture and can show the use and how it is used. The typical professional chef may have in their kitchen around five to seven knives that they use  and each has its own past ad it is used by the person using it. A knife of a head-chef would have this personal history to them and as time goes on and the story continues the user would become very fond of the knife as they are always searching for knew uses for their culinary tools. As does the blacksmiths that work on these tools that benefit the culinary world and other industries using such blades.