It was a lovely summer's day Peter was out walking in the forest. The mass of dense woodland was like being in an secret paradise. He could feel the heat of summer but could not see the sunshine through the dense forest trees. Birds can be heard chirping happily as they feed on grubs. Mushrooms grow on the dead overturned trees. A river runs through the forest Peter can see the deep blue colour of it with his eyes. He crosses the river soaking himself up to the waist. He is now heads deep in to the forest and sees a frog Peter speaks to him. "Hello there what's you're name?" "I'm Fred." "And what's your problem?" "I used to be a man but a witch turned me into a frog. The only way back is to find the witch and make her transform me back." "Where can we find the witch?" "She lives in a castle a long way up the hill." Peter being a good boy disides to help. He put the frog in his pocket and heads up the hill. The hill is steep and covered buy the forest the ground is damp. Peter slips and has to grab hold of a tree to break his fall. Peter with Fred in his pocket stop to rest. He looks up the hill and can see the castle surrounded with trees. The castle is like something from a fairytale. The cone shaped roof with loosely fitting red tiles. Gray stone walls which twist to meet the roof. A shade of black can be seen in the crossed shape holes for archers. The battelments are wonky having worn over time. The castle door is grand and wooden with black metal diamond studs. From the holes the archers start to fire arrows towards Peter. He has to dart behind trees to make progress towards the castle. Approaching the castle a knight wearing black armour riding a horse comes out. Of the grand wooden door and says. "This is the witches castle you can't come round here." Peter confronts the knight he attacks him with his bare hands. Stealing his sword by wrestling him to the floor. Peter enters the castle and sees the witch in the courtyard. She is dressed in black with a cone shaped hat. She points her stick wand towards Peter and mutters. "Wizarde we Wizarde woo it the stone wall for you." The tip of the wand glow red and then fires like a bolt of lightning at Peter. When it hits Peter he flys in to the castles stone wall. The witch runs off down to her grotto. Undeterred Peter recovers and flowers the witch to her grotto. Inside she is stirring her cauldron it is full of a thick orange bubbling soup. Peter being brave threatens the witch with his sword. "You turn this frog back to a man." Placing Fred on the table the witch then waves her wand and mutters. "Which once was good but now is bad return to man so never sad." The frog transforms in a man and he thanks Peter. "Thank you for rescuing me."