 	The year is 2044, there has recently been a presidential election. The man who was elected campaigned with the slogan “Any answer you want, you get.” With this promise it naturally intrigued people. Made them want to know how truly far he’d go with his answers. So every rally they’d ask for random, non-logical answers to even dumber questions. Yet, they received what they asked for. Then one of the last weeks or so of him running for president he had a man yell from the crowd, “are aliens real?” Everything went quiet for a split second, then the crowd started agreeing, mumbling, and yelling. So he calmed the crowd and promised he’d give them answers when he was elected. Sure enough he ended up getting elected. He later held a conference at the diner 7 miles out from area 51, the nearest lifeform landmark to the facility. This was a dangerous move by the man because he held it secretly due to the secret service disagreeing with his decision. Almost 700,000 people were at the conference. He did end up giving the answer quite simple. He said “To answer your question, yes aliens do exist, just not how you would think.” he continued, “They aren’t the classic big eyed, green, three fingerd aliens that movies portray them as. They actually look quite similar to us humans.” People started mumbling again and he could tell they didn’t fully receive their desired answers. Considering he was stationed in front of the military base rumored to store aliens. He quickly and calmly mentioned the loch ness monster, bigfoot, slenderman, etc. People have confused looks on their face. He then starts into this lecture about how conspiracists are right, how legends and myths are true, how every story we thought was fake is real. Concerned, people started asking questions again. He simply answered that everything is and has been real for quite some time. He also mentions how the government never told anyone so that no one lived in fear. He said fear of each monster disturbers them even more. The more people who fear a certain monster, the more that monster attacks, kills, takes, and haunts. He suddenly mentioned there's more than one, that's why area 51 exists, to study them, but some have exascape which is why they have been spotted, they broke containment. “Live your lives in fear” he said. The End