My scary story: I live in Colorado currently serving in the military, since the post is stuck in lockdown I suggested for me and two friends (we'll just call them John and Kahn for the story) to go spend the night on Cheyenne Mountain just outside of Colorado Springs. We all agreed and left the next morning to get settled for the night. We had to hike into the camping spot which it was about a mile into the woods and we didn't mind the walk. We arrived at our spot and placed our packs on the ground and we took a few pictures then we started collecting fire wood for the night. 8 hours later we already ate dinner and Kahn was already asleep, so John and I stayed up and went to the stream that's at the bottom of the hill we we're on to try to catch some fish. We didn't have any luck so we went back to the spot we were staying at and hung out around the campfire. Around 12:30 am we were hearing what sounded like an animal running but it didn't sound right at all, like it was being chased by something so me and John didn't pay attention to it. We were joking around when I started to get an uneasy feeling like we are being watched, so I have my head on a swivel like how I was taught during Basic Training. I started hearing children laughing and then a blood curdling scream that sounded like it was at the bottom of the hill. I took my flashlight and scanned the area for any signs of life or movement, I didn't see anything. I was just about to sit down again and I felt a cold breeze go by me then I felt breathing down the back of my neck, I woke Kahn up and told him to pack up and get ready to go back to the truck. We left as quickly as possible, I checked my watch on the way up and it was 1:00 am. We arrived at the road and I looked back to see if anything followed us up, I scanned the trees over multiple times and just when I thought we weren't followed I saw it. It looked like a deer but inside out, with beady eyes that when the light was shining at it they had a very dim red glow, it was about my height (I'm 6'4) and was looking at me with the intention of killing us while we slept. I will never forget that if we all went to sleep, we would have never woke up again.