We’ve been encircled. The entire army has been. The Fascist took Kiev and has doomed our fate. The Germans are foolish to break our alliance. We might have been cut off but we have more men and we shall fight to the last man in the defense of the motherland and its vast territories. But this thought troubles me when the German guns start to sing. It takes around thirty seconds to turn the camp from a tranquil garden to hell on earth, with the mighty shells piercing the ground and turning the flat grassland into a sight of pure horror. Bodies are strun  from the impact of the blasts lying lifeless with half of their body ripped off and their blood streaming out as we heed their gory warnings and flee. Few make it through the rainstorm of artillery fire with turther more casualties and more dismembered corpses. We retreat to the hills up north barely making it out of the unrelenting fire of the German advance. We are given time to rest and process what has just happened, a few people are starting to go stir crazy and I don’t know how long we can go on, or I can go on. The dramatic irony in all of this is that they think we are going to retreat back to the river line in the morning but I and the senior officers know what the next move is. Few know that we are encircled and the officers are making sure that we don’t now or there could be mutiny. But if we were to surrender we would meet a dastardly fate. I’ve heard stories of people being worked to the bone and of the mass genocides of the subhuman races or untermenschlich as they like to call it. But if we surrender and are freed after the war the punishment by the government would be worse. Most likely we would be sent to the Gulags far east and forced to work for the rest of our lives but if we're lucky we would be executed by firing squad. But I must not dwell on these thoughts any longer otherwise I'll go mad like the rest of them. As I snap myself out of the trance I put myself in, I'm and the rest of the company is given an extra ration of alcohol. And its voda. The younger troops think it’s because of what we went through, to others they break down on site of it but I know what it's for. Alcohol to steel the soul, a last drink before you die… Now the camp is filled with murmurs, some asking curiously,some in denial and others sitting in quiet contemplation. But now isn’t the time to question or contemplate now is the time to rest. The morning sun rises and the soldiers are ready. We’ve been given the order, the signature on our death warrants. We are to charge at the Germans head on and hope for the best. We see the German panzers rolling across open fields followed by the infantry and the trucks. We all line up all coming to terms of what we need to do. Hands shake and the air solidifies. All is quiet and we hear the whistle. All at once thousands of voices shout as we rush the panzers. And for a second it looks like it's working, the tanks are overrun and the Germans are on the run. But it was a ruse like an alarm waking you up from a dream the bullets wake us from our brief moments of hope. The Germans were dug in and ready with machine guns spaying down our lines and men throwing grenades to try and stop the horde of men, and as dust is kicked up from the earth and men left and right are falling and we hear the dreaded whistling of the devil. The shells that are all too familiar to us rain down upon us indifferent to our cause. And in a matter of minutes it's more than a route it's a massacre. Blood Curdling screams ring out up and down the front with thousands of men screaming their last breath as they are gunned down ripped to pieces by the blitzkrieg. In an hour all resistance has crumbled and I see myself on the ground unable to get back up as I gaze into the blood tinted sky as I close them for the last time.