That night, when her lips started burning, she remembered that weekend, many years ago when, after he left, she remained looking at him, surprised about the sudden feelings that threatened to overwhelm her senses, the same sensation on her mouth - because his beard was so short and rough. She always complained about having such a bad memory, not being able to recall almost anything from more than 5 years before today, but this memory - him leaving, her lips burning - very much alive, even after countless years. She remembered coming back home from the bus terminal, the summer sun hot against her skin and, even though she hated to feel so warm, she couldn't care, not even paying attention to the small beads of sweat running down her nape while she walked, smile in her face, and lips burning, burning… Was that first love? Was that love at all? Was she happy because she finally felt something, anything, for someone? More likely. Now, after so many years, she still remembers, and sometimes her heart skips a beat at the thought of that night, when he so resolutely informed her sister that no, he couldn't stay for dinner because he was going to take her out with him. And the walk from home to the restaurant close to the beach, feeling her hands restless, yearning for touching his, while they talked and talked about life and music and books. She couldn't stop thinking that this is it, this is what they described in the books she had read, and the movies she had watched. And she felt romantic and alive. She felt romantic, mind it! Never ever will I be in love, she repeated so many times to herself and to others. But here she was, her body attracted to his like a magnet, and what's worse, her mind, her heart, her. She can't remember what they ate, but she remembers that they took a seat outside, near the sidewalk, and it was going to rain. And the song she once told him about suddenly started to play, and that felt like fate, but she doesn't believe in fate. But it's fate, must be, he's here, we're eating and that song is playing. A walk to the beach, an abandoned house, the sense of doing something crazy. What was she doing? She's not like that. But now she is, and she's excited to be. And they enter and sit and talk on the abandoned porch facing the beach, and she can tell that he's feeling the pull as well but should we do this? We should. We must. And suddenly his beard is scratching her lips and she can barely hear the thunders roaring around them because her heart is thudding louder, and her senses are just filled with everything him. And after, they dance, and could that be more ridiculous and more wonderful? And the walk back, and his white shirt, and the rain and her burning lips. And the next day they take a picture together, and she looks awfully stupid. And alive. And then he's gone and she's back, but that didn't hurt yet. Later yes, it hurt. But what hurt was his absence and how his absence made her see what she felt when he was around. And that story didn't have a happy ending, not in the traditional way. And she knows that there's not only one love in life, but thanks to him, and his short beard, she learned that she was capable of that, of being silly, and romantic, and think for a moment that there's a fate. So no, I won't forget that, she thinks while she touches her burning lips. 