I've consumed my own shrooms about 3 times now. Great experiences. The way I consumed them was by grounding them into a powder, squeeze about half a lemon, and then pour some Kombucha and maybe some natural juices. That's the potion I make. Well today came the time for my girlfriend to finally try it. It was her first time and she's never tried any drug. This time however, I wanted to do the "lemon tek", or atleast my own version of it. Apparently lemon tek makes the effects come quicker and more potent. Anyways, I ground the stuff , 3.5+g dry for me and 3g dry for my girl, which according to multiple sources, is more than the usual first timer dose. I squeezed the lemons into the powder, went to pick up my girl, and stopped at the supermarket for some beer and kombucha for the potion. By the time I arrived home, the stuff had been soaking for maybe 40minutes to an hour. Unlike previous times, the lemon only sat for like 5-10 minutes and then we'd pour kombucha and drink. Well I prepared my potion as usual, poured kombucha into the lemon soaked stuff, and also added a splash of orange juice and homemade loquat fruit juice. We drank, waited over an hour, anddddd it was very underwhelming. The only effects we felt were the heavy body effects, similar to when you smoke weed or something. It was more of a body high. I already know what the effects of my shrooms are like, and it came nowhere near close to that. My girl was super normal and unfazed the entire time. I've been anxiously waiting for this day to see how it would affect her. It was a huge let down. My perception wasn't affected at all. And neither was hers, who's never tried shrooms. Anyways I've been breaking my head trynna figure out why it turned out like this. Was it the lemon? I know it wasn't the kombucha. And I wouldn't blame it on the shrooms cuz I know they work. The experiences my mom, sister, and best friend had on previous sessions were amazing. Their emotions were all over the place and they felt like everything made sense. Everything loomed1 beautiful to them and they cried. My girl didn't get none of that, which upsets me. Now I gotta wait for a few more flushes and try again. Next time screw the lemons. It did make me happier and laugh a bit more, but it didn't make me question my existence and feel everything like it usually does. Any input from y'all would be nice. End of rant.