So for my brother's 22nd birthday we decided to take a trip. It was both of ours first time and I've been trying to find an opportunity for awhile and was excited. I had smoked about a few hours before we consumed the mushrooms so I was already feeling kinda high. 15 minutes in I wasn't feeling anything and thought that it wouldn't be that crazy of an experience. After about 25 minutes I started noticing a warm feeling in my lower back, and became increasingy relaxed. After about 40 minutes I started noticing my stomach feel kind of heavy even though I hadn't eaten anything for awhile. Not painful but definitely not comfortable. Then I started to notice my vision playing tricks on me. The wood pattern on my floor seemed to be shimmering and it seemed like the floor itself was moving back and forth like a wave of water. I kept checking over my shoulder because it could've sworn someone was tapping me but no one was there. Afterwards I can't really describe what happened. Full on hallucinations like I've never experienced. Stationary objects looked like they were moving around, I thought the pillows on my bed were caterpillars, my pencil bag semmed like it was breathing, expanding and shrinking like lungs. I felt an incredible sense of higher conciensiousness, and started laughing at everything hysterically to the point of crying uncontrollably from laughter and sheer joy. However, my ability to think and process information coherently was greatly disabled. I would kept getting sidetracked from whatever I was doing repeatedly and find myself back at square 1. It took me about 20 minutes to find my phone in my bedroom because I kept forgetting what I was looking for lol. I'm a music producer so I was very interested in using shrooms as a way to spur my creativity and I can say that I've never felt more creative and inspired in my entire life. Listening to music was 100x more pleasurable. Decided to watch a nature documentary on Netflix which was also extremely entertaining. After about 3 hours I started to get drowsy and the high started wearing off. After the visuals died down I had trouble falling asleep as I kept hearing music and strange sounds in my head. Overall it was a good experience and I would do it again, but probably not for some time. I'd also want to try it during the day and outside as this time was after sundown. Anyway that's my first experience, thought I'd share and see what other people felt like.