Hi, I’m new to Reddit so please excuse me if I do something stupid. Basically a couple days ago, I decided to take the last .7 grams of shrooms I had because I was bored. I usually eat 3-3.5 when I trip, and have a amazing time, maybe I’ll smoke some weed but and sometimes it will go bad but I’m pretty experienced with acid so I’m able to get through it and handle it. I really didn’t expect to feel much from the 0.7, and I didn’t,felt maybe a little high and euphoria for a 3-4 hours. Nothing crazy. Decided to go and smoke a joint in the woods after the shrooms wore off, when I was walking back inside it’s almost like I was tripping, which was weird seeing I took a very small dose and it had been a while. Didn’t think much of it, but when I got to my room I stayed to have a bad trip, felt like what happens when I smoke sativas, so I just thought the guy at the dispo might of messed it up and gave me sativa instead of indica. Still nothing I haven’t dealt before, and wasn’t to worried. But I all go a sudden felt like I became super dehydrated, like everything got dark, I got very lightheaded, and dizzy. I felt like I was about to faint. My ears started ringing and I couldn’t hear anything. I saw weird patterns in my eyes, and couldn’t think straight at all. I thought I was about to have to call an ambulance because I was very close to passing out. I started feeling better, and coming back to semi reality, when I realized I was sweating. I went outside to cool off thinking it was maybe I was to got, because I put in 2 sweatshirts after I went outside and never took them off. But I still just fell out of it and had a light ringing still. I debated going to the emergency room but decided not to, because I live at my job and didn’t wanna call ambulance, had nobody to drive me, and was still super out of it. I went to sleep and woke up yesterday fine. Haven’t felt anything since. Just really confused to what happend. Never felt anything close to that with psycs, only time I felt something similar is when I took some Vyvanse, drank, and did faint for a quick minute. Really not sure what to think of it. Wanted to see if anyone else has any idea or has ever experienced something similar?