So I have done a lot of LSD up to 300+ ug but i’ve never had an ego death experience like I hear all the time. I have done shrooms 3 times before this experience and the first time I took 2g, then for my second time I took 2.5g, and finally for my third trip I only took 1g. But last night I bought a 1/8 of golden teachers and I decided to take the whole 3.5g as I wanted to have a decent trip. I know a little bit about mushrooms and how they can affect you but I never thought it would’ve been like this. I ate the shrooms and I was tripping decently hard playing gta on my pc with some friends and I couldn’t stop laughing, I was having a great time. Around 3:30 am the trip started to ware off and I wanted to feel it more so I took a dab. At first everything was fine the visuals got a little more intense and I was enjoying myself again. A few minutes later my game looked like mirrored almost and I seen 3 of my screens. I told my friends i’d be right back because I wanted to lay down for a few. I laid down and immediately started panicking because everything started to change so much. My entire reality changed and I felt like I was in a nightmarish cartoon. I turned one of my lights off and the only thing the christmas lights hanging on the wall. Everything in the room looked like a monster almost and huge. I was panicking. My blanket started to look like it had thousands of little legs so I closed my eyes and started taking deep breaths. I pulled up a live pd episode on my phone to take my mind off it and I couldn’t understand what was going on or being said as I was hearing scary mutated voices and other auditorial hallucinations. I started listening to music in one of my air pods and it sounded all distorted and like it was skipping. The beat sounded satanic almost and it was repeating itself a lot. My girlfriend woke up and started yelling at me for waking her up as she didn’t know I was having a bad trip and it made it even worse. I laid there and just closed my eyes and it felt like I had died. I didn’t feel like I was in my body anymore and I was just laying there and I couldn’t move. I seen a bunch of closed eye visuals almost like movies and pictures of symbols and people and then I was able to move. I was texting my friend and the keyboard sounded like somebody was screaming in my ear and I just laid there for a while mind blown. I slowly came down and hopped back on my pc for the rest of the night. What happened to me?? I thought I was losing it.