The other night was my first time taking shrooms I did roughly 4g and I felt the affects about 20 minutes in. I couldn’t stop laughing and I was crying tears of joy because I realized I’m a living being inside of a body. About 10 minutes later I was laying in bed and the rest was a blur but I remember having to go to the bathroom and I couldn’t get up but eventually I made it to the bathroom and I’m pretty sure I peed all over the floor and I tried to clean it up which felt like all of eternity and eventually I just laid in the floor for a few minutes then I got up and I made it back to my bed. Next I started seeing colors and these creatures full of teeth which I can only imagine was a representation of my anxiety. It felt like I was being drug through hell, when I came out of the hallucination and saw my room I’m not sure if I was still tripping or dreaming or what was going on but I started to live the same day over and over and over again and something was telling me to move forward in my life but I wouldn’t let myself. Eventually I started to become everybody I have negative opinions about. I lived their life and in the trip I felt the way I felt about them and I realized I couldn’t begin to understand these people I have these negative thoughts about. I realized something had to change and in the background of my mind I had a feeling there was words I needed to say but I couldn’t figure them out and as the trip went on I began to listen to my feelings and the words were something along the lines of “everything you believe is the perception of your reality” or something along those lines. Once I finally got the message I came face to face with god (the Christian god even though I have said I don’t believe in him) at this moment I felt more calm and at peace with the world than I had ever felt . When I put my hands together I felt the energy of god in one hand and mine in the other. I was told god was with me as long as I allowed him to be in my heart. After the trip I realized my constant anxiety was gone and I apologized to some of the people in my life I hadn’t treated right and took care of some major decisions so that I could move on with my life.