A few weeks ago i took 2 grams of some golden teachers, i felt nothing for the first 4 hours followed by some pretty wacky closed eye visuals, mazes, monsters and leonardo dicaprio with a pretty nasty ability to pop his eyes out of his head were a few things i encountered. Overall it was a pretty tame trip and i assumed these shrooms were a little weak. Fast forward to yesterday around midday, it was a beautiful day so i decided to take another 2 grams, not sure if it helps to mention that the shrooms were ground up into a powder, the first time i put them in some nutella toast and the second i put with water and drank. Anyway, after nearly throwing up the shroom shake i began to feel something about 20 minutes later, this was terrifying due to the fact it took 4 hours last time on the same dose, so i knew i was in for a trip. After a while everything came to life, the same pattern i always see crawled up the walls of my friends house until it covered everything around me. I was discussing this with my friends, how i wondered if this pattern meant something, as i always see it, i could barely draw it if i tried, an aztec snowflake is the best way i’ve described it. As we were talking i noticed something about my friend, his face and neck had patterns all over them too, this was nothing out of the ordinary until i looked closer, it was a different pattern, it was all over his neck and i could see his blood running through it, it stayed in the same place as if it had been painted, i felt as though the shrooms had removed a layer of skin and i could now see his spiritual roots or something. My friend gave me his hand to examine and it was yet again another pattern, this one was all spirally, he brought out his younger brother and his was similar to his brothers, which was interesting. These patterns didn’t move or change, they stayed the same in respect to their human. It was amazing, i felt like it i had more knowledge on sacred geometry i’d be able to get something out of this, it felt psychic. I was wondering if any of you have had a similar experience or know about any of the patterns i might have seen, thank you! :)