I’ve been experimenting with mushrooms over the past few months for the first time. I found them very good for art and self reflection but I’ve slowed down since I don’t want to go too far down the rabbit hole.. first time I tried them I was also drinking and smoking, kept taking small doses all night up to around 3-4g total and had a great time. I’ve had weird trips in between with restlessness and some crazy out of body experiences but nothing like my most recent one. About a week ago, I took a dose with some friends starting at about 3g and totalling 6-7 g by the 2hr mark. Started at 9:30 pm and didn’t feel anything significant other than a bit of disassociation until the 12:30 mark. Suddenly I felt extremely paranoid and depressed and had to get out, ran up to my room where I hid in the darkness for 1.5-2hrs. During this time was one of the most terrifying experiences I’ve ever had, it was like a waking nightmare. I couldnt get my mind off thinking about hair in my mouth, as my mouth would go tingly I would pull out imaginary lengths of hair. I would imagine things like spiders then they would come to life, covering my body. I stayed In this state shaking pretty bad curled up in the cold darkness until I had the realization that almost no time was passing (this felt like 6 hrs at least but it wasn’t) and that I had to go back down and get some help. I went downstairs still in terror, and layed down in the warmth on some blankets under a warm air vent. I started talking to my friend and my mood switched from the worst it’s been in forever, to a sense of complete peace. My heart rate went down to 67 (my normal resting is usually 80-100) and it almost felt as if I was meditating just lying there talking. Luckily my friend had a great time, but for him it lasted too long and he had to get some rest. When he tried to sleep he had a similar experience of paranoia to a lesser degree. Once he left the anxiety came back but not to nearly the same extent, I got the feeling of hair in my mouth again and started twitching and got a little paranoid but eventually went to sleep. The whole time I thought that it must be what schizophrenia felt like and was convinced that I’d be this way forever, that I had somehow revealed mental illness, but overall I think it was a good experience and I learned a great deal about the respect that you have to have for mushrooms and how intense they can get. I’d love to hear about some other stories you guys have! Peace