Hey guys, I just finished my sophomore year at university and just wanted to say I proudly ended with a 4.0! Compare this to my freshman year, where I ended with a 2.6 and you can see a huge difference. Besides reading a lot of self improvement books, I like to say the reason for my success was the pomodoro technique. I always heard about it but decided to really try it out beginning my sophomore year. I use a 50 min focus and 10 min break cycle and do it for everything. Including reading books, doing homework, studying and coding. In the beginning it gets hard and you always have the urge to check your email or phone, but after a couple days of sticking with it, it becomes automated and you become a productive machine. My go to app to use was forest, as it notifies and punishes the user if they go off the app during the session. After the session is up you get coins which can be used to unlock new trees. This just motivated me more, even though the coins could only be used to buy different plant species which was boring, it was still a reward which I believe are extremely important for getting a habit to stock. I thought to myself, why not make an app similar but instead of trees I give them real rewards like mystery boxes and not only that but give the user an avatar they can give experience to. So in essence you start the "game" as a baby and as you finish pomodoro sessions you gain experience and coins. You go from baby to kid to adult. You use coins to buy accessories for your avatar and mystery boxes. Just like in forest if you leave the app you lose are warned and then penalized. As you work hard and grow as an individual so is does your avatar. That is how FocusByte was born! I started development 2 months ago and it is almost complete! I would appreciate it so much if you were to sign up to be notified at [focusbyte.io](https://focusbyte.io/) when it goes live! If you have any questions or suggestions please feel free to message me. Thank you, stay safe, and most importantly never stop getting better.