Now what do I mean by: "Auto Pilot"  well for instance has this ever happened to you? You, Wake up, you eat breakfast You brush your teeth You take a shower, you take a crap you do all that And then you go to school or you go to work And When you get to school or you get to work (Pauses for dramatic effect) You don't fucking remember the car ride over, do you? That's auto pilot that's why You're not thinking about doing something that you do every single day You're just Doing it And you're not even conscience while doing it You sometimes think to yourself Did I teleport to school today cause I don't fucking remember the vehicle ride over... That's auto pilot A lot of people play on auto pilot and that's why they fail They're not thinking about the things they learned on streams Or read in guides Or just learned from past experiences They don't focus on the map and they don't remember what they're supposed to do in their matchup They don't think about their weapon loadout  they're just on auto pilot They're not thinking anymore they're just doing, The first thing you do when you're on auto pilot Is to stop playing Once you're done with that game Just log off and don't touch rb6 for the rest of the day don't fall into that trap Of wanting to play even when on tilt think of rb6 as a casino A big ass casino and think of your rb6 points as your money How much money are you gonna lose before you stop? Are you just going to lose 20 or 40 points You know, just the pocket change that you have on you? Are you going to lose several divisions? Are you going to lose your car? Are you going to lose your mortgage? Are you going to lose your kids in a divorce? Do you wanna do that? No ya don't So stop playing! Don't even play a different game (#1) Don't even play a different game (#2) Go do something relaxing Go take a shower Go take a crap Go take a nap, go take a fap, here's something that you should never do While you're taking your break Don't go and tell your friends, about the crappy game that you just played This does not help you relieve tilt And let me tell you something, your friends are too nice to tell you no one gives a crap about your crappy game except for you no one gives a crap really no one gives a crap I would rather listen to my friend Tell me about his crappy, abusive parents then listen to his crappy, abusive game Because at least Then he would receive genuine sympathy And some people might say Well, they're just, trying to get it out they're just You know expressing. and Tryna Get that anger out of them, how does getting angry Make you less angry? That doesn't make any sense If talking about the things that make you angry make you a more calmer person Then by that logic every single feminist Should be a zen master, The way you get over a bad game Is the same way you get over an ex-girlfriend You stop thinking about her You shut yourself down emotionally You go to the gym You go get buff and sexy And then you go fuck her mom That is how you deal with tilt and auto pilot.