Idk how to start this off but ever since I got r6, which was like about a month ago, I was introduced to a new play style. I never played this way ever in any fps games, which is tough. I agree with it, but some stuff just makes no sense to me. I was ranked in gold 3 from the ten matches you play with. My first ever ranked games  with one of my friends. He is almost in plat. I didn't find it hard and was really surprised I was in gold. I was also carrying my own weight, so i was fine with it. My friend doesn't usually play that much which makes me solo q into games. In, these games, I started to realize my teammates are actually bots.  Like its a 3v1 ash who is 25 hp from all the damage I have been doing. Surely they cant lose. That's where I was wrong. My  friends occasionally hop on and I play with them. But for some odd reason, I become complete garbage when I play them. I just choke the smallest fights where I have advantages. I don't know why. Since last week, I am playing complete shit. always at the bottom even when solo queing or playing with friends. Anyways, I try to anchor but I get so bored by the objective room that I have to go roam.  At one point I made a mindset to not move and just to hold angles. I was doing a right lean peak and the enemy was ding a right hand peek as well. I was trying to shoot him but my leaning goes back to normal and straight as im shooting my gun causing me to shoot the wall i was leaning off from. My enemy kills me. Another thing is that whenever I lean and hold angles, no one appears. But literally, i kid you not, the second i let go they appear out of nowhere. It is just frustrating. I researched online and apparently sound is a huge key to this game as well. But, I don't believe they this person had some superhuman speed and ears to hear me un-lean and shoot me the next milli-second.  This also leads to another problem, I can't hear anything in the game. I hear footsteps and I dont even know where there coming from. Top? bottom? right? left? i just pray im holding the right angle and he appears there. I recently got black ice for buck's dmr, which causes me to use him all the time. This kind of sucks because for short range i panic and instead of using his shotgun i start hip firing with the dmr. For attacking, I always see clips of people barging through barricades and getting kills without anyone nearby. Whenever I try this, theres always somewhere there. I try not to think alot about my kd much knowing that Im bad. But its so hard when people are making fun of you about ur kd. Whenever I lose alot in ranked games, I go to casual. In casual, I always win games. But when it comes to ranked, I just dont know what happens. In casual, i always get team killed every other game for doing nothing. Literally nothing. Then, I wait patiently for the next game, well behold, the whole entire teams is about to take turns team kill me. Sometimes its just one or two people, sometimes it's a squads. keep in my mind that Im switching from ranked after losing a bunch of games which makes me just rage and hop on fortnite with my friends in creative.  I was wondering if this would do anything to my aim as im switching over in two different games.(Before saying " you still play fortnite, what a \*\*\*\*\*\*" I only play it so i can play with my console friends that I can't play with or pc friends that can't buy r6) Sorry abut the long story of mine but Thank you if you read it or even left a reply.