i’m really determined on learning how to sing and from just trying to imitate some of my favorite songs from asingers with Contralto voices, i can easily hit the low eee noises and the “i” pronunciations without it sounding shaky. (this is what i know so far and am still experimenting) Some of my other idols have higher and less deep voices like Sopranos but i just can’t naturally sing like them and i have this more comfortable feeling when i sing low and deep. Like Amy winehouse songs. My voice feels so much more relaxed when i imitate they way she sings and pronounces some of the words unlike my other favorite songs with higher pitches like Selena, Michael Jackson, and Olivia Olson. I haven’t practiced long at all (only 3 days so far) and i’ve noticed that i have trouble with the higher pitched ooo sound. Like a higher pitched Youuuuu. It’s hard to explain when i’m singing i feel this strength and energy in my stomach like i can just sing the notes and I do, it’ll just come to me and I’ll go through the lyrics like nothing but Sometimes when i sing, i have trouble breathing with my diaphragm after a few phrases and whenever i end those phrases when i tun out of breath, they come out shaky and weak once i’ve tun out of that deep breath i had when i started the song and also makes me feel like i’ve been holding my breath for a long time and then i realize that i forgot to relax and not tense up. When i was around 8 or 9, it took a lot of courage for me to sing just a lil bit in front of my parents (they are brutally honest) and they were shocked. They said i had a strong voice when i was singing but i’ve tried to not let that get to my head bc that was 6-7 years ago and i kind stopped practicing a couple years ago. But when i was around 10-11, i tried singing Ariana grande and Adele songs when i was home alone, and i have to say, Every day that i practiced those notes  it was getting really easy for me to hit and sing without feeling tension or strain when i had raise my voice higher. (Tattooed heart and Someone like You) My parents know what good and talented singers sound like even though they confess they cannot sing like them even when they criticize the bad ones, and they respect the ones that Can sing. This has made me more scared and less likely to tell them about my passion since i know that if they were to hear my voice, they wouldn’t hesitate to criticize or tell me what i sound like. As a girl, i’m going through puberty (15) and my voice cracks a lot more often than my friends. (my parents have told me constantly that i have a deep voice) This has also got me wondering if that’s one obstacle with my singing or if a true talented singer doesn’t have a problem with anything and if they can just sing without a problem regardless of what they’re voices goes through. Please tell me anything, advice, or just Brutal honesty. I won’t mind and if it’s just the truth then i’ll accept it.