 Hi, everyone! I hope you're having a wonderful day! Well, my name is Jessie. I'm 24 years old, latino/hispanic, I still live with my parents and I think that I am gay... I believe it all started when I was around 10 years old. I used to live in Mexico and as a kid I used to love going to this little convenience store near my house, where they had a bunch of arcade machines which I loved to play with. I remember one time I was playing there as usual, but this time it was packed with a bunch of guys older then me and since I got there first they were waiting for me to finish my turn so they could start playing too. But I guess I was taking too long and they started pushing me around and stuff like that so I could leave, the thing is they then started spanking my butt and grabbing it and even groping on me,, which I hated, so I couldn't take it no more and I started crying and left the place running and went back home. A couple of years went by and I started feeling attracted to men, the first incident was at my own house, me and other 3 friends were playing nintendo 64 in my room, time went by and at the end there was only me and my other friend in my room and I don't know what I was thinking but out of no where I sat on my friends lap, the worst part is one of my other friends came back and saw me sitting on my friends lap. He told my mom but I denied everything and I think my mom kind of believed me and we didn't talk about that topic anymore. But then months went by and my mom caught me using her lipstick this time she really got after me but like last time we didn't talk about it ever again. The years went by and we ended moving here to the United States, in South Texas. I finished middle school with no problems. It was until 10th grade that I started watching way too much porn to the point where regular straight porn would bored me. So I started watching shemale porn, which I only enjoyed only when I was extremely horny, as soon as I would ejaculate I would hate my self for it and feel extremely ashamed of myself and even disgusted. But not even 15 minutes went by and I was already masturbating to that kind of porn again. I would do this every time I get home from school. Same routine everyday, for a couple of years. At first I would watch that kind of porn and fantasize about being the top, but I guess as I got used to watching that, it began to bored me too. Until I wasn't fantasizing about being the top anymore, but being the bottom... Which this would only cause more shame and disgust for myself. But like I said, not even 15 minutes went by and I was there again, watching shemale porn fantasizing about being the shemale getting fucked. But as son as I would cum, boom! I was a full straight guy, hating myself for jerking off to that kind of porn, promising myself I would never do it again. (Only lying to myself of course.) More time went by and I started feeling the need of being "girly" every time I would get horny, I would jerk off playing with my nipples, pinching them, even try to suck on them. By that time we had already moved close to my aunt and uncle's house and we would go visit every weekend for cookouts and stuff. I would spend all day in my cousin's room, cause I've always been anti-social and she was never home, so I would get her room all to myself. It was there, at her room when I started feeling so needy of wearing her panties, like literally my brain would go on dumb-mode, just thinking about wearing panties, my heart would beat extremely fast and my thoughts of getting caught would turn me on so bad that I couldn't even think straight. But I did it anyways, I put the lock on the door and finally got to wear my first thong, the feeling was out of this world I would pose and act like the sluttiest girl in front of the mirror, I loved it so much, but it only lasted a few minutes and I had to put them back in the drawer. That was my first time ever wearing panties and I fell in love with the feeling. After that I found out about sissies, crossdressers, sissy captions and everything related to how I was feeling, I learned how to edge so I could enjoy the feeling a lot longer and don't feel the shame or guilt after ejaculating. I started feeling more and more like a girl, I wanted to be all day jerking off, edging myself, playing with my nipples, squeezing my own butt, dreaming about a man's cock deep down my throat. All of these I would love until I came, after that I would always feel ashamed, guilty, disgusted with myself and like always promising that I would never do this ever again but failed everytime. I began to create accounts on tumblr, facebook, twitter, grindr, mocospace, meetme, etc. always introducing myself as a sissy boy and with my brand new name: "Jessie" which is extrmely close to my real name btw... I started posting pics of my butt, chatting with men near me and everytime we went to visit my auntie I would steal panties from my cousin's drawer just to take more pics and post on those apps, I loved the attention me gave me, I would never imagine that I would turn on so many men, I never thought a man would desire to be with me, to make me their "girl", I felt amazing, but as soon as I would explode in cum, all of that would lost it's magic and I would feel terribly guilt, I would ask myself how could I let other nasty, married men see my butt... But then again after 5 minutes I was craving to be a sissy slut all over again. Chatting with men was the best part, them telling me all the dirtiest things they wanted to do to me, telling me that my butt was much better than their wives or girlfriends was the best! Weirdest part is that I'm only attracted to really old men, like 45 and up, the nastier, the harier, the fattier and uglier they are the better for me... Would anyone know why? My mom and dad have always been by my side, I always had a father figure, this is something I never understood. Old men, make me go crazy and I don't even know why. I like them so much that I even met a 52 year old truck driver, something that I thought would never happen! Til that point all I was, was an online sissy, but I even promised myself a thousand times that I would never go that far to the point of meeting with some old married stranger. But somehow I ended up meeting him, after deleting and reactivating all my accounts where I would pose as Jessie a hundred times. After swearing and promising myself I would leave it all in the past for good. After all that I would always end up re opening all my apps and talk to strangers wanting to meet me and making me their bitch I suppose. And like I said I loved all that but just at the moment of being extremely horny, well that's what I thought. Because after a while I began to really want to meet up with someone and do all those things they wanted to do to me. I starting craving a mature man's dick, so bad, I wanted to feel like a girl, I wanted my virgin ass to get fucked. I wanted to get fucked in lingerie, I wanted wigs I wanted make up, I couldn't resist anymore. But I was super scared too. One thing is to be in your own world inside your head, be whoever you want to be and act however you wanna act, at the end of the day all that is just in your mind, no one will ever know about it. And another thing is to actually do all of that in real life with a real man, with a real dick, in a real place, around real people. At some point I had already made up my mind and decided that I would unleash the sissy in me and that I would be someone's secret sissy girlfriend. A lot of men kept messaging me but they just wanted a quick fuck or a quick blowjob and even though in my mind I was the biggest slut, in real life I was and I'm still a virgin, I've had never been with a girl nor a man, I was and I am a complete virgin, so, men telling me all of that like it was nothing, was super scary for me, I wanted my first time to be special with someone who understood how I felt, someone who would keep my secret safe, someone who would never try to expose me or try to do harm to me. So I kept on chatting with men near me until I found this 52 year old married truck driver, who honestly came to me as if he had read my mind. He was and is the perfect man to me in all ways possible. He is old as i like men, he is married, hairy, fat, and not handsome lol And the most importat part is that he talked to me so sweet, he respected me and promised to never put me in any type of danger or risk of getting my secret out there to the world to know. We talked for months and months he would always want to see me but i kept on letting my fear get the best of me and I would always chickened out and tell him excuses. But he wouldn't get mad he always told me that he understood what I was going through and that he will never rush me and that he would wait until I was completely ready to meet him in person. Well the day got here, one day he was coming from a long trip and he said he was gonna saty at a truck stop 20 minutes aways from me which was perfect because I would alwasy tell him that the day i meet him I wanted to be as far away from my home as possible so no one could recognize me. Well then the time got here, he texted me around 11pm the time i told him that I would be available so my parents could be already asleep and wouldn't ask me any questions and so I got there with him so nervous, i was about to leave becasue I was so scared, a lot of negative thoughts got to my head, what if he knows my parents? what if he wants to harm me? what if he threatens me? But at the end i got out of my car and got in his truck's cabin with him, he was the sweetest, he reassured me that he wouldn't do anything i didnt want to do, we started kissing, he ate my butt, but when it was time for me to suck his dick, I just couldn't do it, I told him that i was sorry and asked him if I could go home, and he obviously said yes, so I went back home and in the way back home I felt disgusted with myself again, ashamed, almost cried, I felt horrible, why was I doing all of this? But as usual for me the day after I was craving him so bad, i texted him saying sorry that next time i would back down, that next time I would let him do to me whatever he wanted to do, that I was gonna be his sex slave if that's what he wanted. Well next time came and I did it all over again we met in the same place, same routing, we kissed, I even got to suck the tip of his dick for about 3 seconds, he ate my ass, but when I was already on all fours ready to take his dick, my mind wake up, the sissy magi disappeared and there I was a straight guy with no mood of being with another man on all fours ready to get fucked, so once again I chickened out and went back home. Same story told myself that night I would never do it again, and yet again the next morning I was asking for forgiveness and begging him to give me another chance. I haven't see him ever since, but we have been texting everyday since the last time i saw him, we've talked on the phone and I agreed that next time he comes to town we will meet up again and as I write this, he just texted me asking me if we can see each other this coming Sunday. I wrote all of this because of him, I really wanna see him again and this time I really want him to pop my cherry and I want to suck his dick and be his sissy boy, but I am really scared that if i let him do that, the guilt, the shame, the disgust for myself will be a thousand times stronger. What would you guys advice me to do? Has any of you feel the same way? How do you get over all of this? I really want to be his secret sissy, I wanna be his. But why do I feel this way? Why do I regret being a sissy as soon as I cum, I can spend an entire day edging myself and feeling like a total girl, but as soon as I cum everything goes away and I have to face my reality. Also, would anyone know why am I only attracted to really old men? Why am i a sissy slut only when I'm horny? I'm sorry if I make this extra longer than I was planning, I just wanted to give you guys more context so maybe you could help me out with this. Thank you so much in advance to everyone, I hope you have a beautiful evening! Btw I'm still in the closet. lol