When I go out or when I use grindr I typically let my inbox fill up while I cherry pick middle aged black men from the profiles available. Don't get me wrong I fuck all races, but a common thing to hear when the dick belongs to anyone but a black man is, "Oh wow! You really do look like a girl". Every black man I've ever let use me started off the encounter with something in the ballpark of holding their bulge and saying, "Damn, babygirl can I pull your hair???". The first one was so flattering at first, then I moved to a new, bigger, better place and realized I had options 😉. When the choice is to only be recognized as a girl VS being recognized as a CD, I'm clearly going to pick the first option! My second observation is that while there are some nice big cocks in every color of the rainbow, BBC has an entirely different kind of cum all together. Usually when a man releases in or on you the puddle is a murky mixture of translucent and white liquids that are thick yet runny. BBC cum is usually nearly 100% opaque white as well extremely viscous and clingy. These two characteristics really turn me on, I love having to actually use force when I use my tongue to clean it up or suck it off of my finger tips. Almost all BBC I've been with deliver at least twice the amount of cum of any other race, regardless of cock size, which is also a bonus for my personal preference. When I use my mouth to make most men who aren't black cum, they only let me do vanilla things with them because "it's too much" or "I'm too sensitive down there". Who THE FUCK, wants to hear that?! BBC owners always lay back with their pants around their ankles and let me suck on their balls, and use both hands to do WHATEVER I WANT, because they know I'm going to let them finish in my mouth and that I'm going to get every last drop even if I have to use their cock like a tube of go-gurt. My point is as a sissy, that after a literal half decade of living as a total sissy slut I choose BBC not because the internet says to, but because I did the research for my self 😘.