I heard about skinwalkers in horror youtube channels and read about them on the internet. I am interested in paranormal things since I was a child because of my own experiences and of those people around me and the stories I heard from others. When I first heard about skinwalkers I realized that they are just like the aswang here in my country, so I thought I would share some info about aswang. Aswang are people who have appetite for human flesh and supernatural ability they can use to prey on their victims. They can shapeshift into different animals and usually they look like the strange version of the animal they try to copy. Here I heard of aswangs turning into dog, horse, rooster, bird, and pig. They particularly like to eat babies especially babies in their mother's womb, and people who are sick. They usually prey at night changing their form to a stronger evil like creature like a mananaggal or wakwak. I personally don't think mananaggal are real as they are these kind of aswang who has wings and are cut into half. Their upper bodies(from their waist up) fly and prey on people while their lower body are left behind, they will reattach themselves before the daylight. I don't think that is logical and I think that is probably one of the stories about aswangs that was made up. I believe that aswangs could be real but I also believe that the truth is mixed up with lies (many lies). Wakwak on the other hand is this hairy mothman like creature. They fly and make a deceptive sound to confuse their targets. They said you will hear a tiktik(bird-like) sound when the wakwak is around. If you hear the sound from your right the wakwak is on your left, if you hear it from your left it is on your right, if you hear it near the wakwak is far, if you hear it from afar the wakwak is near. There are some people who admitted they were aswang or have a family member who is an aswang but they were not believed. Two men claimed on a tv show that their grandfather was an aswang and one time they saw him changed into a pig. They asked him about it and their grandfather said that he didn't actually turn into pig but just gave that illusion through a spell. Though I heard a story as well about a tricycle driver who picked up a passenger who sat at his back. The man then bit him on his neck and it jumped from the tricycle turned into horse and ran away fast. So I am not sure if the aswang just really give an illusion that they were animals or they really turn into animals and get the ability of those animals as well. One woman said she was an aswang but she doesn't eat human she only eat raw animal flesh, she devours them while they are still alive. She was not believed and was put into mental hospital. Aswangs are believed to also have an ability to heal from wounds fast. On the news before one old woman who was believed to be an aswang was shot many times but she survived, she didn't go to the hospital, she just treated herself at her house. They also said that aswangs have this stone inside their body that gives them those supernatural abilities. They will not die unless they vomit the stone out of their body and pass it to someone else, in turn whoever receives it will be an aswang, usually a family member who knows their family history of being aswangs.  Most dont like to accept this curse but for some they are forced to accept it out of pity for the old weak aswang who is only alive because of the stone and is suffering and wishing death greatly. I think awang are just like normal human except for their abilities. I think most of them don't eat human anymore as they are afraid of retaliation. They are like us who are scared for their lives as well and just want to live in peace. Sometimes animals here would be found and their organs eaten they said that was the doing of an aswang. They would rather eat animals than put their lives and their family's life at risk. In the older time when people still believe in aswang when someone is suspected to be an aswang they will be shunned by the society or driven away or killed. They said aswangs don't find their victims around their neighborhood,  they go to a farther place to hunt as they are afraid of the attack from their neighbors. I also heard that when aswang is around, some people would smell a very bad stench, it smells like fish, excrement, urine, vomit, etc. I personally have experience about aswang, though I experienced it with my family I still can't accept it fully and still doubt it. I also heard first hand stories about aswang from other people. I believe there could be aswangs but they are almost non-existent now like a neglible number and they don't prey on human anymore as they chose to have a peaceful life. Sometimes they still lurk around as they are drawn by the fragrant smell of human flesh they crave but most of them just quench their hunger through animals.