Six months ago I decided to take a late evening hike on Monte Sano Mountain in Huntsville Alabama. It was a typical hike about 3 miles on a looping trail I’m very familiar with about half way through I had the most sudden jolt of absolute terror/doom like someone close to me had died and or that I was fixing to die followed by immediate the most tired I have ever been exhaustion. It was getting dark and I did everything in my power to not stop moving but the exhaustion was to much I dipped off the trail a bit found out my bag down against a tree leaned against it and dozed off. It was one of those I can hear everything around me sleeps where u aren’t really sure if you are asleep or not asleep I began to hear what sounded like people walking quickly towards me breaking branches and rustling leaves etc. I open my eyes and the sound immediately stops And I’m overwhelmed by the feeling that whatever was walking is now not moving because it’s watching me. I stay frozen aside from removing my EDC. For the next ten minutes I sit dead still looking towards the direction the sound was initially coming from. As it continues getting darker I make the decision to stand and move towards the trail so I don’t get lost at the exact moment I stand up i here the movement again except this time it seems to be going the opposite direction and much quicker I run towards the sound to try and get a glimpse from the top of a ravine. I then see what appears to be a massive white dog running on all fours about 75 yards away from me I whistle the loudest I can and it immediately freezes stands up on its back two legs and begins walking around/looking in my general direction. I was absolutely terrified and took off running as I’m running I could hear whatever this was running alongside me (still 75 yards or so away) until it hits a massive drop off which is an area called three caves. I’m on the trail going down towards my vehicle and I hear the craziest almost human like scream/ burp growl I’ve ever heard echoing from the top of the drop off where three caves is located. I immediately get in my vehicle and take off. I have no clue what this was I’m not the type to bullshit a story or see things that aren’t there or any of that so this is weird for me. I have began re hiking /watching the areas I was in as well as looking for signs of the monster and will update you all as progress is made. I should clarify when I say hunting I don’t mean I plan to kill whatever this is but I would like to get a picture of it or more evidence etc.