When elder scrolls 6 comes out i really want to see large scale battles like 50v50 (not online obviously) but i want to see a shit ton of warriors go at it and also see ancient battle grounds where wars were fought something like a feild full of spears, swords, sheilds and the fallen. And you can find journals or books that tell tiallses of the mysterious sites even some people who survived it. I also want to see magical underground fights with drauger or swarms of enemies  that make you have to fight your way out, but of course you cannot do that without a diverse combat system with criticals, stuns, enviro takedowns, special moves and more. I would also like to see some norse lore in there ik its kind of different but in skyrim you may not know but alot of the names and places of norse origin names would be cool to see some of that. Another (personal opinion) I think its kind of dumb to be able to haul around 5 million weapons you should only be able to carry a couple like main weapon, weather that be a sword, axe or hammer then also be able to carry a shield or a dual weild and have the weapons that you carry appear on the character but look natural and good on your outfit. I would also like to see a wider variety of unique and non unique weapons like restored ancient nordic weapons and daedric weapons or unique weapons from legendary warriors. I want to see some cool yet scary and strong enemies like dark souls has. It would also be cool to not be the chosen one and make your own story/life pick an ethnicity and origin and be born or appear in different places in the game based on your ethnicity. I hope they keep dragons but make them less common and only unique with each one having special attributes and lore. Lets see golems, large trolls, giants, larger scale undead bosses, legendary ghosts, unique creatures, new races and species of enemies. I would also like to see some river travel via small boats, special magical journeys to obtain items all kinds of stuff and better ambiance and fighting soundtracks. im gonna end it there because i could write a whole book about stuff i wish to see tell me what you agree with or what you want yo see? Im curious..