Hello r/sleep, I have come here after doing some online research and finding nothing on the topic or no term for what I seem to be experiencing. For background I am prescribed Vyvanse 40mg and I rarely take it unless I need to be hyper focused for a test or pull an all-nighter such as I did last night to catch up on some schoolwork I procrastinated and then of course completely forgot about until the night before it was due. So I finish around 4:30am and figure I will try to get some shut eye even though I doubted I would be able to as I usually can’t sleep if I’m hyped up on Vyvanse even if I do feel a little tired. So I shut my laptop and get as comfy as I can and close my eyes and note the time as 4:42. As I lay there I feel that I probably won’t be able to drift off but being hopeful I give it a good 15 minutes and I can feel thoughts start to become quieter and my mind is starting to calm, that feeling of blank peacefulness before you finally drift of, but instead of falling asleep I sort of go into what feels like a trance, my bed begins to feel really comfortable and I don’t want to move a muscle, my thoughts become vivid, almost like dreaming in a way but not so, as I am fully conscious but I can see all of my thoughts as vivid pictures. It is at this point where my mind wonders even further and my thoughts become odd and sporadic until my mind is jumping about here and there pondering over nothing and everything all at once. This feeling of what I can only describe as being perfectly comfortable almost a euphoric sensation at the level of comfort I felt, almost like my body was floating in the air with 0 pressure anywhere. And the one thing that makes me feel as if this is some sort of weird version of sleep is that I laid there for what felt like at least an hour and I mustered up the thought that maybe I had trapped myself in some weird kind of sleep paralysis so I tried to move and as soon as I moved in the slightest I snapped out of it, I look at my phone and in reality only 8 minutes had passed. The only way I can describe this feeling is as if I in a sleep state but at the same time I was fully conscious, or at least partly so. Is there any scientific explanation for what I was experiencing?