I haven't had any episodes of sleep paralysis, but I remember my first encounter. I was sleeping in my couch; it was in the after noon. The sun was shining and I remember waking up in my sleep. This felt so real. I was able to see every single detail in my living room. Everything looked exactly the same. It was still daytime too. I though "What is going". I automatically became scared. I vividly remember having my arms crossed over my chest. I was struggling to break free. I panicked. I felt like I was in a straight jacket. I was trying so hard to break free. I remember a figure walking by but I couldn't recognize who it was. I continued to panic and struggle. I was so scared. Finally I broke free and at the same time I jumped out of the couch. I was confused. Startled. Terrified. The next few times were similar. Confused and scared. Finally. I remember waking up in my sleep paralysis. I thought "Oh here we go again". By this time I learned to cope with it. I embraced this nightmare. I remember I just layed there at though "Wow I can believe I am sleeping but yet able to look around my room". Everything exactly like my room. I would just lay there and just look around. I wasn't scared anymore. After I would just drift off into sleep. I wouldn't even fight it anymore. I shared these details with a friend that encountered this too. We were spooked. The last time I had sleep paralysis was pretty...........eerie. It started as the usual, me waking up in my room in the dark. I could see everything clear. I looked around my room. This time I was able to hear some noices coming from outside my window. Sirens and cops and firefighters. Radios. I thought to myself "There is something going on outside". I continued to look around. I noticed my door was open (Outside my room there is a hallway). And there was nothing but blackness there. I could feel this void, no, not void. I felt an abyss!!!!! This bottomless pit from hell. I can feel this emptiness there, but yet so strong and full of darkness. I continued to look at the abyss and that's when I realized it wasn't my ordinary sleep paralysis. I knew there was something sinister there at the end of the abyss or hallway.  I stared and then, I can hear a little girl whisper. I cant understand what she is saying, but I can hear her and I know it was coming from the end of the abyss. I am staring and the whispers are getting closer, louder, and faster. I start to panic and I hear the whispers louder, faster, and closer. And I am just staring at the entry point. I want to wake up already. I can feel this strong presence on the other side and just as the whispers are at the edge my room I snap out and wake up. I quickly look at my door and see it was closed. I sigh of relief. I stood there and wondered what was that little girl saying. Why was she in the pit from hell or abyss. What did she want. I simply drifted into sleep. The most scary part is that my friend told me he had encountered the same whispers coming from a girl in his sleep paralysis.