Hey guys, this is my first Reddit post and I am one of those story tellers who tells seven other stories in one story so bear with me please, this might get long. So I have been experiencing sleep paralysis since I was about 14. I am 24 now  and no longer have visual hallucinations(I used to see the classic hooded dark figure coming from a doorway in whatever room I'm in- closets, bedroom door, bathroom door). I'm thankful for that but I still experience auditory hallucinations. Sometimes it wont happen for a couple months, sometimes it will happen multiple nights in a row. I assume this is when I'm in a more anxious or stressed out frame of mind. Anyways, last night I woke up around 2 am and went straight into an anxiety attack. Not sure if maybe I was dreaming before waking up as I believe I woke up screaming. Anyways I threw up my dinner, tried to calm myself down with breathing techniques, lavender oil, water, and other \*ahem\* herbal remedies. This might not help others but for me it all usually helps me calm down. I start drifting off into sleep and I started hearing my husband laughing weirdly. I am now aware that I am awake and paralyzed and this is when I start trying to scream out loud. My husband will usually shake me awake and tell me I'm having a bad dream when he hears me scream(it's actually more of whimpering and crying although in the dream I am definitely trying to scream). He did eventually wake me up and told me I was having a nightmare but when I was experiencing the SP I just thought I was yelling for him to help me and he was just laughing at me. Of course this isn't what happened but it still hurt my feelings and was a weird experience. It kept happening so I had to stay awake, now sleep deprived, anxious, throat and stomach hurt from vomiting, I'm crying over my dreams, the whole nine. My husband, who I love to death, really does mean the best but he couldn't seem to sympathize with me. When I said I barely slept because of all this he's all, "yeah I didn't get any sleep either". I was awake the whole night and heard him snoring.... yes he did. I told him about the laughing and how it upset me and he tells me he wasn't laughing. I know that, I'm upset at the dream and at myself, not placing blame. I tell him I'm having bad anxiety and he gives me the whole, "calm down, just don't think about it" spiel(spelling?). Anyways I was just desperate to have him understand what's happening and I feel like it wasn't getting through. I feel like I sound overdramatic or like I'm using SP as an excuse to call out of work. I have a high energy job with kids and honestly feel like I took 5 Adderall and chugged a case of Red Bull. After expressing my frustration of course, I was able to talk to my husband and he told me he does feel bad for me and wants me to see a doctor. He had to leave for work and now I'm sitting here just feeling bad because I was frustrated at him and I'm frustrated at myself and I should be working but I'm not and I feel lazy but also feel like death so there's just a lot of emotions going on.