That’s how I felt when it started with me. I was a junior in high school. I would wake up at some point early in the morning and instantly be terrified. This wave of terror would just rush through my body like electricity. I swear my eyes were wide open and I couldn’t move anything, my whole body frozen and mortified. Im telling you there was something in the room with me. There, from the corner of my eye, I could just make out a shadowy figure in my peripheral vision, a man sized figure, hovering just out of reach, bent over, watching me. (God, I am a grown man and I am tearing up just typing this.) I can honestly tell you that I have never been frightened of anything in my life more than those moments. Never. The fear of that figure would turn into the fear I would stop breathing because everything else was frozen in place. Would my lungs be next? All I could hear was my breathing. All I could feel was my heart pounding and my chest moving and sweat dripping down into my eyes. This paralysis lasted forever to me and what I would do is try to calm myself and count to 3 and FORCE myself to jump out of bed and scream bloody murder. In all the hundreds of times this has happened to me I have never been able to do more than eek out a feeble yelp and roll myself into a new position which would break the paralysis. I would sit up and look around and try to stop shaking. The first year it started happening I didn’t sleep much at all. I would be afraid to sleep. It was like being in a Nightmare on Elm Street movie. I kept a can of International Foods coffee hidden in my room and sneak cups when everyone else was asleep. It was that bad. After that first year, it make so common that I had the routine of what to do down pat. It wasn’t any less terrifying but it was easier to manage. I didnt think anyone else went through this. I thought I was unstable or something and I have never talked about it with anyone. I am 47 now and it still happens to me. Not nearly as often but its still there. To me, I am awake, aware. Does this make sense? I don’t suddenly “wake up” from it when I finally snap out of the paralysis. I am just able to move. Was I asleep? I don’t know. I don’t know why I would dream up this shadow figure either. I had no serious trauma as a kid. Plus, it all started when I was 16 or so. Its followed me everywhere. College was especially hard. And it would intensify when I went home on breaks. I just want to say Im glad Im not alone and it feels good to talk about something absolutely no one in my life knows about.