Ever since I started having sex and discovering things about myself I’ve wanted and had a primal urge to bury my dick as deep as possible into someone and fill the fuck out of them in a dirty messy creampie. The only problem with that is with all of my partners over the years none have been into that. For the most part my partners have either been the type where if they somehow got pregnant they would never use plan B or abort, so I didn’t want to take that risk, or they just weren’t on the pill or any other form of female birth control. Condoms are also a great way to prevent std’s so any fwb or hookup that wasn’t with someone I’m in a relationship with, and i didn’t know if they were clean or not, I’ve worn them. With my current girlfriend (24f) though I’ve hit a wall. My current girlfriend is my soulmate, and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. Only problem is she’s not on any kind of birth control. I won’t cheat on her not only because I wouldn’t do that just to satisfy a kink, but I’ve been in a situation with a girl where all I would have had to do was say yes and I could have fucked and creampied her all I wanted. But even if I wanted to I couldn’t have because I couldn’t get it up. Every thought in my head at that moment was about my girlfriend, and the thought of hurting her made me sad enough that I couldn’t have gotten it up if I took a viagra. I’ve brought up birth control with her before but she doesn’t want to do it because her sister had a lot of really negative reactions to the birth control methods she tried, and apparently that sort of thing runs in her family. We also don’t use condoms, were both clean we’ve been tested, and we talk about spending our lives together (plus raw sex just feels so much better). So that’s my dilemma. I love this woman, she’s not on birth control, neither of us want kids at least until we’re in our 30’s, but I have an uncontrollable urge to creampie the fuck out of her every time I see her, which is made harder to resist by the fact that we don’t use condoms so we tend to go the pull-out way.