A few years back after getting out of a serious relationship I got involved with some girls that used to dance and screw for money. 
I needed extra income and I wasn’t exactly a virgin so they helped me get started. 
I wasn’t doing it full time. Just for extra cash. 
Definitely a fun and in a way sexually liberating experience. 
Most guys I met with were older than my dad. 
It was super taboo and that was exciting. 
In these scenarios men treat you differently. 
It’s like they aren’t afraid to jus really look at you and your body. I could be at the beach or the gym and notice a guy looking at me but when you catch them they look away. 
But when you are meeting for money they really aren’t shy about admiring you. They really state at your boobs. Your ass. Legs. Whatever. 
And as a woman you are brought up to feel shame but you are being paid to show off you give yourself permission to enjoy being looked at. 
It’s so hot. 
Because most men were much older they were also much more interested my enjoyment. 
At first It felt like I was being worse by enjoying if. But that changed quick. 
I’ve slats enjoyed  sex so I gave myself permission to enjoy it for money. 
I did it for over a year. I still maintain contact with a few former clients. 
What I miss is letting a complete stranger fuck me for money. Miss the way a complete stranger would look at me like I was a fuck toy. 
Miss showing up not knowing what the guy was gonna look like. Miss feeling dirty because he was old/fat/ugly. It feels like you’re more of a HO if the guy isn’t someone you would really date. I miss talking to complete strangers about my sex life. 
I miss dressing slutty and muss feeling used. 
I stopped for a few reasons. 
Meeting with guys started feeling like a chore. Some times you just aren’t in the mood and getting ready for a night meeting when you just wanna watch tv is a drag. At first it wasn’t but it got that way. 
Another reason I stopped is because I started dating a guy.  I met him when I was already doing it for money. Things eventually got more serious and I felt like I should stop. He doesnt know about that part of my life. 
My real job got more stable so I didn’t need the money as much anymore either. Mostly I did it for the occasional cash but I also did trades for stuff too. 
It was fun but I felt like I was done.  So I stopped. 
Last few months I’ve been craving a meet. I’ve been casually browsing craigslist and lightly fantasizing about meeting a stranger. 
I’ve hooked up since then and cheated. But haven’t taken new clients. 
It’s a little scary now. 
Don’t have a criminal record and don’t exactly have my old connections. 
Dang. Yum. Miss those flirty old /fat/ugly men who just looked at me like they wanted to fuck me and made me feel super sexual. 
Ask me anything you want. I’d love to answer stuff about my past but trying to be anonymous obviously about some of the details.