My slut (u/littlelou82)(37F) and I (49M) were in Australia a few weeks ago for a holiday. For the first week we stayed with her dad and his wife, had our own room but out of respect for them (they were still getting up early for work) we kept our play to a minimum, a few quiet orgasms for her before sleep mostly. After a week of that we were both pretty wound up so we decided to grab a hotel room for a few nights before we left. So the first morning there we woke up and had a fairly intense but brief bout of lovemaking. However i was still quite horny afterwards and I knew she was wanting more (she always does haha). So i rolled her onto her side and pressed myself up against her back, spooning her, my left arm around her neck with my fingers stroking and twisting her right nipple, my right hand slipped down and parted her thighs, lifting her right leg over mine, and began to gently rub circles around her clit with a finger. “I want to know every orgasm you have” i breathed into her ear, “so count them off for me. Every time.” She nodded hurriedly and moaned....”one”. More gentle circling of her clit led to “two......oh god....three!!” And so on. I forget how many she got to before we decided to get up for coffee and a shower  but by the time I was fucking her ass in the shower she was into the 20s. Well I decided that was a fun game so for the rest of the day I took every opportunity to increase the number. Sneaked my hand down her pants in the car and gave her a few more. And later when we got back from our day out I got her to squat on my face while i lay on the floor and ate her like I’d been wanting to all week leading to multiple eye rolling orgasms, then got up and fucked her throat while she rubbed herself for a few more, then threw her on the bed and took turns fucking her mouth pussy and ass, making sure she kept the counting going, giving her a good smack on the bum when she failed to moan (or scream) the number loudly enough for my liking. Anyway, before I turn this into an essay, by the time she whispered she was absolutely shattered and needed to sleep she had hit 94 orgasms for the day not counting the half dozen she had first thing. I had come twice. It was a great day but next time I’m aiming for 100+.