It all started when my best friend of 7 years and I went golfing. While we where golfing he just flat out asked me if I wanted to fuck his wife. I didn’t know how to respond so I just said “She’s hot but that’s your wife. I’d never fuck her dude.” And to my shock he replied “No... Like she wants to fuck you and I want to watch.”. At this point I’m absolutely shocked and end up agreeing to it thinking this was obviously a joke. Well we finish our golf game and I go to the gym I work out at and shower. When I’m leaving the gym he calls me “Hey bro come on over she’s ready.”. I haul ass to their house and when I walk in she’s wearing a dark green pair of those cotton shorts girls wear and their rolled up like halfway up her ass with a white tank top. She’s 29 years old probably 5’7 about 100-110 pounds hardly any tits and not a whole lot of ass really either but her face is absolutely gorgeous. Well we start talking and She said “______ said you and him had a pretty intense conversation.” I just looked at my friend in shock, this wasn’t a joke. One thing led to another and we ended up in their bed room with her on her back and him in a recliner to the side of the bed and me kneeling in front of her shaking because her thin body is just hot for some reason. I pull my boxers down and her eyes open wide. “That thing isn’t gonna fit in me.” Well I was thinking I’d just eat her pussy... I thought wrong. She pulls out a dildo and begins to lube it up playing with herself and then it happened. “______ get over here and get his dick wet for me.” I turned and saw my friend coming at me. It all happened so fast I barely had time to react when I looked down and seen my best friend in the world sucking the absolute fuck out of my dick. Spitting slobbering slurping all over it. It didn’t last long maybe 30 seconds but that’s all I needed I turned back and Pounded his wife harder than I’ve pounded anyone. After I finished she looked at him and said. “Now clean it up.” He jumped up and began eating her pussy without a second thought. I watched we all got dressed talked about Dungeons and Dragons and I left. We have never spoke about this again.