He was my roommates friend, comedian and up coming model, 6’5”. He was a flirt. One night we were all drinking and I wanted to go to the club, he stayed by my side all night, talking about random things, he would try to grab my waist or hold my hand and he was def feeling me up. He would discreetly try to grope me while we were dancing, or waiting for our drinks and even around our group of friends. I’m 5’2” so it was fucking hot to look up to him and to get close to him to even hear what he was saying. I said I was getting tired and he offered to take me home. We were waiting for the train, and he started to kiss me. He grabbed my hand and shoved it down his pants, he was rock hard. We didn’t stop kissing, on the train, I sat on his lap. walking up my stairs, he slapped my ass as I tried to open the door. We got to my bedroom and he got naked so fast. His cock was so fucking big, I literally stared at it, he laughed and asked if I could handle him. He laid right beside me and had me jack him off while he pulled out my tits. Like I knew I couldn’t fit his cock all the way down. He took off my pants and started to loosen me up getting between my thighs, he worked his tongue on my wet clit. He was a bit aggressive with his tongue and he hacked so hard on it but it felt so good, he played with my nipples while sucking on my lips. He kept saying if I was ready for him, I said yes even tho I knew I wasn’t. I quickly asked if I could suck his dick, I got on my knees and attempted to get his cock down my throat, I got half way, I used so much spit but holy fuck was he was huge. I choked on it and tried to shove it down but I didn’t want to hurt him, he chuckled and told me to go ahead, he wanted to see how far I could get. He grabbed my hair and guided his cock in and out of my mouth. I could feel his head getting so far down my throat, when I gagged, it tightens his cock and he let out the hottest moan so I did that a few more time before my gag reflex got too bad - he laid down and I got between him, and went to town on his dick, I jacked him off while sucking him. There was so much spit dripping down his balls. He grabbed my tits and wanted tittyfuck me, I was able to suck his head as he was that big that it popped out on top. I squeezed my tits together and began pumping his dick while sucking on his head. He asked me if I was ready for him to pound me and I said no. He laughed. And asked if it was okay to cum on my face. I happily accepted. I got on my knees, in front of him. He grabbed my face and fucked it for a good minute before I started to gag again, he kissed me and gave me his spit. Fucked my face again, I pulled away again, and he kissed me to give me more of his spit. I jacked him off while sucking on his huge balls, they were so fucking big and sensitive as he twitched every time i sucked. He wanted to fuck my face and cum, so he grabbed my face and I looked up, he gave me so much spit where some fell on my face - and fucked my face hard that I tried to pull away but he kept it there. He said he was close and kept fucking until he pulled out and came all over my mouth, face and even hair. It was so hot and creamy, I sat like that for a minute before I started licking it off. He got dressed and I walked him out, as we passed the living room my roommate was sleeping on the couch. I woke up the next morning and my jaw fucking hurt.