Last weekend we were visiting the city and decided to look for some fun. We turned to tinder where he updated our profile saying I was looking for a clean, hung man what would record a video of me giving him a blowjob. As I’m sure you can imagine I got a lot of responses. Once we found some thick cock we decided to head out for some drinks. Though I have been a slut before I was in need of some serious liquid courage. After a handful of doubles it was time for me to leave and wait for the guy to show up to our hotel room. I was so nervous and so turned on at the same time. Finally he got there and after a little small talk I told him to lay on the bed. As he did so I pulled off his shirt, kissed his lower stomach and unbuttoned his jeans. Before I took his boxers off I wanted to make sure he was good and hard so I rubbed him on top until I could see his cock throbbing. I then pulled his boxers to the floor and got on my knees in front of him. I slide him as far as I could down my throat and proceeded to give him a very sloppy blow job. After a few minutes you could tell he was getting comfortable because he started moaning and put his hand on the back of my head to force him further down my throat. I get so turned on when guys do that. I really wanted to fuck him, but I was too nervous to make a move. He grabbed a handful of my hair and was slamming his cock down my throat as I gagged and used my hand at his base, moving it up and down to match his rhythm. I could tell he was getting excited because his entire body was shaking. He let out a few moans and told me he was going to cum, usually I swallow for my boyfriend but he told me he wanted the video to end with the guy cumming on my face or chest. I barley got him out of my mouth when his hot cum fell onto my chest and I continued to jerk him  off until he was empty and then I licked all the overflow off his cock and balls and thanked him for the video. I told my boyfriend I was finished and he headed back for our room. As I was getting cleaned up in the bathroom my boyfriend was setting up for another guy to come over so I could do it again! But that’s a story for another time.