I read these stories all the time but never post. Recently. About a month ago I found out my boyfriend (ex) has been cheating on me for who knows how long. I was so devastated. All my friends told me I need to get back at him but I didn’t know how. Long story short I stumbled upon a revenge porn video of this girl fucking her boyfriend friend or roommate after she found out he fucked her friend and filmed it to send to him. I’ve only been with him till we broke up and the sex was pretty vanilla. We basically only did missionary doggy and I rode him time to time. We almost always wore a condom (until I got the iud) because I was scared to get pregnant. Wasn’t on  any contraceptive till about 8 months ago when I got the iud because I don’t want kids. Here’s where the revenge comes in. He always asked to cum In me but I never let him too scared. But after he cheated on me (I’m guessing to do that to some other girl or girls) something in me. Maybe the porn I watched or maybe the first rebound guy I fucked. But I loved the thrill of fucking random men. The first guy we were so drunk I told him I didn’t care he didn’t have a condom. I barely remember fucking him but he told me about it in the morning and we fucked again before he left. It was so amazing. I’m not attracted to girls but when I do watch porn the sluttier the girl the more I get off. I guess I wanna be her. So after that first guy. I made a tinder and furiously started swiping all the guys I found attractive. I’ve fucked 4 different guys within a week. All but one were ok not wearing a condom. I always asked them not to. Guy number 3 I asked him to take pictures of me sucking his dick to send to my boyfriend. And even let him cum inside me to send him that too. I feel so liberated doing this with no regrets. (I did just get tested so waiting on those results and honestly pretty scared because of the no condoms but it gets me off so fast) I’m not sure how to attach photos to a post yet but will share the creampie picture if someone can tell me how. A big part of me wants to see how many guys and loads I can take in a week but I’m also scared to catch something