Yesterday my partner(24M) and I (18F) spend hours together doing nothing really. He did homework and I have laid on his lap and played Sims 4. Finally he had enough of his work and decided that it was in fact shower time. He goes up and then a few second later I got a text inviting me to join, which I happily did. I open the door and sneak in and he's naked waiting for me. As soon as I got in he bent me over the sink and pulled my pants down. He fucked my pussy for a few seconds than got in the shower. In the shower he tells me he's going to toy with me tonight. I assumed it would be tieing me to the bed and using the wand on my clit doing some orgasm denial. Than he tells me I'm going to give him a blow job on the couch. He lives in a house with four other people so this would be risky but so exciting and fun. So we finish washing up and head down stairs. He puts some TV on and I begin to do what he told me. I pull his cock out of his pants and start sucking it. I try to deep throat his cock and make him feel amazing as he's petting my hair. We do this for a good 10 min before he asks me if I want to be fucked and I absolutely do. So he put his cock away and we headed to his room. Once we were naked again he bent me over his dressed and made me watch myself get fucked in the mirror. His cock slipping in and out of me felt so amazing. Once we had reached the limitations of out bodies we moved to the bed. I cleaned my wetness off his cock by give him a blow job. I started to jerk him off and than slipped him in me so I was riding him. He ran his finger tips along my back and sides sending goosebumps through out my body. I love how his hands feel on my sides. I melted on top of him and he began to talk dirty into my ear causing me to melt even more. I tried to rock back and forth on his cock but my body was just so consumed with his hands on me. He ended up fucking me as I lay in a puddle on top of him. I got so wet from all of this that I was running not only down my legs but down his legs as well. It wasn't the roughest sex we've ever had or the most exciting but in my opinion it felt the best so far and I can't wait to see how good he can make me feel every time we're together.