We were both freshman on college. It was a tuesday morning . We got out of our first class and our next class wasnt until 2pm. So we had like 5 hours to spare. I asked her if she wanted to go over to my house and I'd cook for her and we'd watch a movie. We got home and I started taking out the ingredients to make pancakes and bacon. You know the basic quick breakfast. She insisted on helping in more ways than just cooking. She started flirting sexually with me. "Do you want me to get the pan for you?" As she bent down sexually and flaunted her big plump butt in her skin tight black leggings. I was urged to slap that ass. But I wasnt sure if I'd be to aggressive. I started the pancake mix and she pretended to open the bacon package. Out of no where she says "Its hot in here" and begins to take off her hoodie. She was just in her red push up bra. Her tits were huge melons. So nice and round. I was drooling. She tried to act innocent and say she forgot that she wasnt wearing a shirt under. I acted immediately. I said it was okay and I went up to her and grabbed her hourglass shaped waist. I pulled her close to me and we began to kiss . She began to breath heavily and began to touch my body real slowly. She moved her soft hand through my chest down to my stomach and then to my pants. I unstrapped her bra her boobs had to be a double D no doubt. They were huge and round. Her nipples were perky and her areolas were a perfect medium size circle. I began to suck on her tits and she let out a huge moan. Ohhhhh yesss fuck me. So I picked her up and put her on the kitchen table . I pulled down her leggings and underwear at the same time. Her pussy was shaved, so pink and glistening with her own wetness. I began to eat her out . She began to tremble and moan louder and louder . She grabbed my head and pushed me more and more into her. She let out a loud "Stick it in me now" I got up and grabbed my hard cock and sticked it in her tight wet pussy . She gave me a fuck me daddy look like the porn stars. I thrusted all the way in hard for three strokes and she exclaimed "fuck me hard ,fuck me hard" so I began to go wild . I lasted no more than ten minutes. She began to tell me to cum inside her and it made me want to cum so badly. When I felt I was about to cum I pulled out my cock and unloaded all over her . Her huge tits were covered in my cum , just dripping in my white juices. Her belly had about 4 shots of my cum. She rubbed the cum on her tits and said you fucked me real good fuck. She then told me she was going to shower if I wanted to join. And that's a story for another time.