I’m (25m) I used to work at a grocery store at a younger age and I a total woman lover but, I’ve always thought big huge cock was sexy in porn and stuff. Well one day I’m outside pushing carts in and this guy keeps staring at me as he walks out of the store, at first I thought it was really weird and then he ended up even moving his car to where there were a bunch of shopping carts because he knew I’d be over to get them. Anyway I finally put my hands up like what?? And he winked and I thought what the hell?!? So I kept going on about my day. I end up going to get carts at a different area and he’s now parked there and he waves me over and I ask..I’m sorry but do I know you? And he said no but I would like to show you something and I asked what’s that? And he said I mean no harm at all but if you’d like to see meet me in the store bathroom in 5min. Then he pulled his car away! I thought this is odd but he doesn’t look like trouble and it’s very public so WTH. I pushed in a few more rows of carts and went in to head to the bathroom. Once I got in he said smiling nice you came! I asked what is it that you are talking about? And he said I have to get it together and take it out, do you mind if I got in the stall really quick? And I replied no I guess not. He is in there for about 35-40 seconds and comes out with this huge swollen cock. I was shocked! He asked “what do you think?” I replied um oh ah wow he said it’s about 8.6 long and I honestly had no words as I stood there starring at it wide eyed!. He said if you don’t like it I’ll just put it back in and go! I apologize for calling you in here. And as I was still in awe I said no um it’s huge, and he said you look very handsome I’m sure you have a gf but I just wanted to know your opinion that was all. He began to start putting it away and I said no wait!, then I asked if I could touch it and he said oh yeah, please. And I began petting it because I was kinda hesitant then all of a sudden I began getting hard and I started full on stroking this big swollen fat cock then he said I think your hungry boy! And he pushed the top of my head down and I dropped to my knees and started obeying this big dicked stranger. He said open your  mouth, this is what you need so I did and he jammed his big thick swollen cock in my mouth as I let out a hmmmm. I began throating this strangers fat cock as he kinda violently thrusted into my face. He threw his head back. And after about 7-12min he said I’m about to cum, he pulled out and told me he still and covered my face with his thick creamy white cum and then he zipped up and left!