This was before he died obviously, shortly after his 90th birthday, I visited the Playboy Mansion with a few of my friends (one was a Playmate) I stayed there for the weekend. I met Hef outside in the backyard, I was wearing a black bikini and he was very sweet and open, he gave me a hug and kiss on the lips welcoming me and telling me to enjoy myself at the mansion, he was very handsy and I felt his hand on my waist and then lower on my butt and he kept touching my butt for a while. After swimming in the Grotto and having fun with my friends the rest of the day, my Playmate friend said to us Hef really liked us and that he invited all of us back to his bedroom tonight. We were like “what are we gonna do in there?” And my friend was straight forward and was like “have sex” I was confused because I didn’t think he had sex with anyone else besides his wife (Crystal) but my friend said he still has sex with other playmates and other girls that come here, and he had a lot of sex and used a lot of viagra. Even though we were all pretty grossed out by having sex with a 90 year old man, we took some shots and tequila and pretty much said yolo and went in. It was a total of 5 of us in there and I was pretty buzzed and feeling relaxed. We all went in wearing bra and panties and Hef was excited we all came. The room was dimmed light. He welcomed all of us by hugging and kissing each of us and smacking our butt (I lost count how many times he touched my butt while I was there) he told us to get in bed and take off our bra and panties, we did and got all naked and we all laid down, he opened up his robe and climbed onto bed and first he came my way, I was under the impression he lays down and the girls are on top, but later my friend told me he likes to be on top of the new girls, so yeah he was on top of me, and just put his dick in me for a few mins, his dick was pretty hard thanks to the viagra but he was gentle humping. It last for a few mins, he didn’t cum inside me or anything, he kissed me quite a bit and then thanked me for being there. And then moved on to another one of my friends.