Im not condoning cheating in any way this is just what happened and i still feel awful about it, but just needed to get it off my chest. I was 17 and my buddys girlfreind was 19 and her name was andrea. She had super nice legs, cute smile and a yoga booty basically the full package. My buddy whos name is mike was having a superbowl party i think it was super bowl 47. I was super awkward at 17 so i barely moved the whole time i was there. Andrea walks over to me around the 1st quarter smiling and giggily and sits by me and asks how im doing. I respond with "just watching sum good american football" which looking back was a weird response but wtvr. She laughs and we continue talking till around the halftime show. I had smoked alot of weed during the halftime show with freinds and went back inside to see the rest of the show. I sit back down next to andrea, and i just reek of weed. She looks at me kind of funny and then pulls me in closer and smells my shirt collar and smiles at me when she pulls away. She starts playfully saying how i should have invited her and that she could outsmoke me. I was already super high but i wasnt gonna pass up just me and her chillin. We walk to the balcony upstairs and its just me and her because the 3rd quarter had just started. Were smoking and kinda playfully flirting and she asks me if i was a virgin which threw me off. I nerveously answer yes and she laughs. "Im suprised your pretty cute" i laugh and say how shes pretty cute 2. And then we just look at eachother for 10 seconds. And thats when i fucked up. I leaned in and kissed her and she kissed me back. I was rock hard instantly. She feels up my jeans and starts to caress my bulge. At this point ive made up my mind theres no other way id rather loose my v card. After making out and touching eachother for like 5 minutes she stands up and walks me to the bedroom. Im thinkin " OH FUCK THIS IS, SHIT I HOPE I DONT CUM QUICK. FUCK DID I SHAVE?" that kinda bs. She opens the door to spare bedroom and practically throws me on the bed. Im a big dude 6,3 200 pounds and for some reason her being able to handle me like that turned me on even more. She slowly unbuckles my pants and my dick flops out standing straight up. If youve ever smoked weed yk masturbating/having sex while high is amazing especially when the girls is a 10 and just throating your meat. Shes spitting, using 2 hands the whole 9 yards. And the big moment she takes off her panties and shows her freshly shaven pussy. She throws her panties at me and then climbs on top of me. She was so wet and all that did was turn me on even more. It was pure ecxtasy. Shes riding me for about 10 minutes and then i feel the cum erupting from my balls into her. I had to hold in my moans so people down stairs wouldnt hear. We clean up and i layed there for like 5 minutes just in awe of what happened. Then i walked downstairs and didnt say anything for the rest of the night. At the end i say goodbye to mike and andrea i dap up mike and hug andrea and she whispers "hope you had fun" and then that was it. Mike never found out and i barely talked to andrea, after i moved away to cali and havent seen either of them in 3 years