I went over to my bestfriends like i usually do for the weekend and we get food, smoke, and go chill in his bed while he plays on xbox with his friends, nothing ever sexual. Recently I let him suck my titties as his birthday gift because he’s been wanting too for the longest so why not for his birthday? It was supposed to be a one time thing only. When I went over I let him suck on my titties and play with them when we were laying in bed together so I was getting pretty horny and he was too. Eventually he asked if i could atleast give him a handjob since we weren’t going to fuck. I rejected but told him i’d play with it through his sweats if he’d give me a demonstration on how to do it acting clueless since I really wanted to see him touching himself telling him it’d really turn me on. When he finally did i took his dick in my hand and started playing with him while I heard him grunt I decided to put his tip in my mouth through his pants and after he reacted so positively i continued to swirl my tongue around his tip and play with his tip in my mouth all while his pants were still on to tease him further. I didn’t have intentions to actually give him head but when I heard the party invite notification my heart jumped with joy! I told him “I’ll give you head if you join and keep your mic on the whole time, you cant mute it.” it’s always been a fantasy of mine so I quickly acted on it. He jumped up to get his mic and laid down so quick I have never seen him move so fast in our 2 years of friendship lmfao. The whole time I gave him head which he would make remarks of “omg! this is crazyyyyyyyy!” throwing his hand back smiling really hard looking at me and playing it off to his friends on the mic as if he was talking about the game. I wonder if his friends heard the sounds of me slurping and spitting all on his dick and figured out what was going on because I wasn’t that quiet, the thought of them possibly knowing made me even hornier I wanted to stop and ride his dick so bad, but maybe i’ll fuck him soon i cant wait to see him this weekend ;)