My wife, at my request has had other lovers. Most have been MFM three ways, but when she had a married guy that was hitting on her and she asked me if it was ok that she has a “Secret” affair with him. She liked the idea of the clandestine taboo affair. I, of course approved. They sexted for about a week and agreed on a early morning visit at our place. Since I would be at work. He has no idea I know. He has no idea that I coach her on what to say when they are texting. I take the nudes that she sends him. I have even continued her texting for her while she is in the shower or cooking. After the first time that they had sex he got tested and provided her with the results so they could fuck bare back. I have a cum fetish and often eat her pussy after she gets fucked or after I fuck her. I love the creampie and sloppy seconds even my own but prefer it to be from another man. They have been going at it for a few months now and we have really enjoyed the “Affair” recently my wife and I had morning sex and as always I came in her. Her married man texts her while I still have my dick in her. After we finished she checks her phone and says he is on the way and wanted to know if she was alone and up for a fuck. I told her to go for it. She showers and I leave but didn’t go far. I love to fuck her and reclaim her after she get laid. She didn’t tell him that we just had sex and he went down on her a little before they fucked. So here is my question. I posted this in the swinger sub and took a lot of heat because of it. First he is a cheater and if fucking my wife behind my back or at least he thinks. I was told that I am a dick since “HE” did not consent to fluid exchange with me. That I have no right to eat his cum or to feed him mine out of my own wife’s pussy. It is my position that if he is cheating with my wife and he doesn’t have my consent to fuck her than he forfeited any rights of his own. You eat a married woman pussy there is a chance her husband just came in her. If you cum in a married pussy there is a chance her husband is going to eat her pussy and your cum. I was shocked at how many swingers tosses me under the bus on this. I would love to here you option. So I can get a different point of view. Just FYI I am typing this as he fucks her in my bed and I wait in the car to go eat that pussy and add my load. Cheers!