Two years back I met up with some friends at this highschool in my old hometown. I’d always come by cause where I work was practically in between these two cities and I could drive over whenever I was bored and this particular day I was with this girl I liked. While there, two of my friends got upset that a girl that we had an interesting history with happened to be there so they decided they wanted to leave so I dropped them off and ended up coming back. We were in the parking lot and everyone was kind of doing their own thing so I went to go sit in the backseat of my friends car. When I got in, the girl my friends didn’t like was there with her best friend, and the main girl happened to be dating the brother of the guy who’s car I was in while the other girls older brother who was a good friend of mine were also there so I was nervous as they were flirting with me hardcore. My friend in the front seat was aware of what was happening and told me that the girls boyfriend and brother had went off to get smokes so temptation got the better of me and I pulled the two girls on my lap. One was a cute white girl with blonde hair, blue eyes and an amazing body and she showed it off nicely wearing a crop top, a short flowy skirt and she was wearing a choker while the other girl was a hot brown girl wearing tight leggings and a low cut shirt. The moment these two girls started taking their tops off, my other friend hopped in the passenger seat to keep my friend company not paying us any mind. It starts with me making out with the white girl while the brown girl kissed my neck and both girls were rubbing on my pants. I’d pull her shirt off to expose the most perfect, perky pair of pierced tits I have ever seen and obviously I’d proceed to suck on them. Then I’d switch over to the brown girl who was already completely undressed and we start making out as the white girl got off my lap and started undoing my pants. I felt her soft lips start sucking the soul out of me while I had this brown girls big tits in my face. I pulled the white girl back on my lap so I could watch the two makeout in front of me a bit as they stroked my cock. I felt the need to fuck these two girls as soon as possible and I wanted to tell them but before I could say the word, I was pulled into a nasty, sloppy three way kiss with these two which only made the urge worse. Mind you I have my two friends in the front of the car pretending like none of this is happening and I did feel bad so I suggested we switch over to my car which was bigger than my friends car. The girls got dressed and hopped over to my car so we can cruise and try to find a spot. I had the brown girl in the back who was playing with herself as her friend in the front seat was sucking my dick as I drove to a nearby park (mind you getting road head is interesting when you have a stick shift car). As soon as I parked up I found myself on the back seat between these two sluts who without hesitation started sucking me off. They’d switch between playing with my balls or sucking and would even makeout while playing with my tip. But forrplay is only fun for a while before I told the brown girl to lay down and the white girl to lay on top and make out with her. It felt like something straight out of a porn scene as I had two gorgeous lil senior thots laid on each other making out as I dicked both of them down. It didn’t take long for the brown girl to cum so I started piping down her friend as I fingered the girl who had just came. We’d switch positions so I’d be laid down as the white girl rode me and her friend would sit on my face. After trying new positions and having them cum a few times I got out my car with a full erection and just boxers and ordered the two girls to come out naked. We went around to the passenger side of the car where I pulled out handcuffs from my glove box and cuffed the brown girl to the handle on the passenger side and I’d start fucking her with quick strokes. After five minutes of doing this and her friend standing next to me kissing me I heard the cuffed girls moans get louder. I looked over and in a second her eyes rolled to the back of her head and she squirted a lot. This being both of our first times experiencing this, she tapped out so I uncuffed her, gave her a long kiss and let her lay in the back seat. Her friend was kick to cuff herself to my car but I took them off as instead I laid her over the hood of my car and cuffed her to my side mirror. I pushed one of her legs and because she was hella flexible, her leg went over her head and I held it there while she got railed for a solid ten minutes until she came. I felt like I was close to nutting so I had both girls get on their knees and start giving me head. Both girls were deepthroating and playing with my balls for a solid two minutes before I busted all over both their faces. They had such pure faces of joy and surprise as they looked at each other and licked my cum off each other’s faces. As soon as we were done, we got dressed, used a lot of deodorant and drive back to the school where the girls brother and boyfriend were waiting wondering where I was. My excuse, I took them for a ride cause my car was brand new at the time. My interior was a mess so I started cleaning my car up once I got home only to find a surprise from the girls, their panties and a paper with both their numbers on it.