This happened at my best friend gabby's house. Ive slept over her house a ton of times and we have too much fun every time. No, not necessarily lesbian fun, more like harmless slutty mischief. Well this one time I was wearing a big tshirt that came down to my upper thigh as pj's since we were just hanging out in her room so I didnt mind being so comfy. Mind you I was wearing absolutely nothing under this t-shirt. I had to constantly pull down the bottom of my shirt to hold it from riding up and showing my crotch when I was sitting down. Not that I was shy around gabby or anything but she didnt need to see my pussy every 3 seconds lol. Anyway she knew I was naked under my pj's and she thought it would be hilarious if I went to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water from the fridge cuz she though her mom or her dad might be in there and see me wearing a big t-shirt but not be the wiser that I was naked under it.  Just like me she has a brother too and when we both went to the kitchen it was him who was in there sitting at the table eating cereal, we both looked at each other and smiled like we both had the same idea of messing with him. I walked to the fridge and opened it and while I was looking inside I was bent all the way down like intentionally trying to get her brother's attention, I was looking back at him while I was bent down to see if he was looking and he was just staring with these huge wide eyes and out of nowhere gabby comes up behind me and pulls my shirt all the way up and I instantly jumped up and pulled it back down but not before her brother got a complete eyeful of my naked ass and pussy 😂 I was so embarrassed and we ran back to her room before one of her parents came to see what all the ruckus was, her brother's face was SO red, he was more embarrassed and awkward than anything lol I remember feeling kinda bad for messing with him like that, he had definitely never seen a naked girl before that night, and that thought is such turn on for me, that I'll be the center of his jerk off fantasies. This actually took place a while back when we were both 18. But even to this day we still sleep over at each other's house once in a while when we're really bored and feel like engaging in more slutty hijinks 😜 and there are more, much more, which is why this one is titled part 1.