I(f) love when I wake up to my boyfriend having sex with me. (Disclaimer: we have long since discussed him having consent at all times, unless i say otherwise) Im a light sleeper so I normally start to wake up when he's getting his dick covered in spit and holding my panties down, but one night, specifically, I didn't wake up until at least 7 minutes into him already fucking me. I woke up on my stomach, with him fucking me from behind, I was super fuzzy to what was going on but I knew his dick was in me and that I truly have never been so wet. It felt so amazing and body numbing and the fact that I was so out of it increased my pleasure. Now, My boyfriend is blessed down there, he's a solid 8 1/2 inches with a great thickness and is the only person I've been with to please me and make me horny the way he does, He hits things inside of me I had no idea were in there. So during this I was so wet his dick was sliding with so much ease, every inch of him. He was going slow but was being rough, we  were moaning so loud together. I let him cum inside me everytime we have sex, the feeling of being all filled up by him is so fucking hot to me. Anyway, he came only a few minutes after I had woke up so, I asked how long he was going for and he said his normal run of about 10-15min, I was shocked because I had only really been awake for maybe 5 of it, but this also made me happy, bc I love when he uses me whenever he wants, it was so hot that I was unconscious during most of what he did to me. But I was really sleepy and when he left the room to clean  himself up quick, I fell back asleep. But he wasn't finished, I had fallen back to sleep without my panties and cum leaking out of me, I was laying on my stomach with one leg up. He came up behind me and started playing with my pussy, I was still so wet plus his cum still all over me.... fuck, it felt so good, I woke back up almost immediately. It took less than 2 minutes total to make me cum.  We have amazing sex all the time, but Everytime I think back to this night I get unbelievably horny and wanted to share :)