About 2 months ago my wife and I were on a trip out of state and staying in at a hotel.  I needed to place an order on Amazon to have shipped to our temporary location but didn't want to use my phone.  I grabbed my wife's laptop from her bag and intended to used that instead (she was across town buying us food at the time).  After placing my order I clicked the address bar and started typing another website that I frequent and it started auto-filling to sites she visited.  Several personals sites.  Curious I clicked a few and sure enough she had been posting on them for quite some time.  One in particular (the only one in which her user credentials auto filled) was loaded with messages from men, most of which were quite explicit.  Her replies were just as sexual.  I read as many as I could before she returned.  There had been many mentions of meeting up for play but, as far as I could see, it hadn't happened.  But then again, I only read a handful of messages.  As much as it killed me, I pretended everything was fine for the rest of the trip.  Once home, I was determined to catch her and confront her.  I had a good internet friend of mine create an account and message her on the same site.  Sure enough, he started sending me screen shots of their conversations.  It didn't take her long to get very friendly with him.  At first I was enraged that she would do this.  Things between us were amazing.  No fighting, great sex.  Why was she looking for more on the side?  I  told him to keep talking to her.  Eventually, as the messages got more sexual, I kind of started to like reading them.  She had asked him if they could meet.  At first I didn't know if I should allow it but I told him to go ahead and set it up.  Sure enough, on the planned day of their meeting, she "had to run some errands" across town.  I let her go and drove to the meeting location as well.  I stayed out of site but close enough to see them at the chosen restaurant.  My friend knew I was there, but I told him not to hold back.  This happened on at least 3 more occasions before she finally brought up meeting him for sex.  At first he was very apprehensive.  But I assured him it was fine.  I was thoroughly turned on by it at this point.  The only thing I asked was for details, photos and or vids of the encounters.  I hadn't decided if I was going to confront her yet or not.  They met one morning and sure enough, a text with several photos and videos of my wife sucking and fucking arrived along with a complete recap of the visit.  I was far too turned on to be upset.  When she came home I practically raped her myself and the sex was amazing!  Since then, they have met 4 more times and each time, I get a text full of pics/vids and a great story to read.  She to this day has no idea.  I want to tell her I know and that I'm not upset but, its so much fun with her thinking I'm clueless!