I met my wife almost 20 years ago when she was 21 and a virgin. In two prior relationships both were shared girlfriend that I would have fuck my friends. I told my now wife of 18 years that for us to work as a long term couple she would have to at least consider adding another man our sex life. She was very reluctant at first but I showed her a lot of cock porn and shared wife porn and even videos of my friends fucking my last girlfriend. I promised her that I would never cheat on her as long as she fucked other men. The first time with a different man was a year later. Was had a cookout and at least a dozen male friends were there. We were swimming and my wife was the only woman there. I should mention that We were all stationed overseas at the time and all my friends were military. Anyway my wife is getting a lot of attention since she was the only woman there and was in a bikini to boot. That night she told me that her pussy was wet all day from all the attention. I asked her if she had to sleep with one who would she sleep with and without a second thought she said Chris. He is a huge good Looking guy and in amazing shape. He was also Military Police. She said he flirted with her a lot and even grabbed her ass in the pool. We fucked hard that night. The following day I approached Chris and told him I wanted him to fuck my girlfriend. He was like Sign me up. I had him come over the next day and didn’t tell my girl until he was in the driveway. I said don’t worry we are not doing anything unless you are 100% into it. I few glasses of wine later and I leave them On the balcony alone and I see him flirting and touching her. She excuses herself and comes in the house. She says I have to change my panties mine are soaked . I said give them to me. She did and they were soaked. With a fresh pair on we head back out. I hand Chris her soaked panties and said this is what you did To my girls pussy. We all went inside and pulled the mattress off the fold out couch and put it on the floor. She said she wanted me first so I fucked her while she kissed Chris. He sucked her tits and she held is cock in her hand. I pull out and cum all over her tits. She cleans up and hands Chris a condom. He fucks her for like an hour and she cums several times. He is worn out but can’t cum he said it was because of the condom. We all rest and have a glass of wine naked. Chris is like I am ready to go again but regretfully we only had one condom since we did not use them. My girl was so hot she was like fuck it and climbed onto his dick he only lasted a few minutes and said I am going to cum. Where should I cum? My girl says. In me. Probably the sexiest thing I have ever heard! Seconds later he nuts in her for like 2 minutes. I am hard as a rock but before I fuck her again I suck her pussy clean before adding my own load to the mix. To date she has had 18 other men fuck and cum in her. She currently has two boyfriends and I could not be happier