so this happened awhile back for me, but I was just thinking about it today and wanted to share. So back in the day, I went out with my brothers and his old friends to a club, they wanted to go because one had just gotten engaged and were ready to celebrate. We went to this spot where her old boss rented an area above the dance floor so we could look down at everyone dancing. Sitting there drinking I notice her old boss not really chatting with anyone (he literally is twice my age and only knows the one girl that invited him) so I sit by him and make up conversation. Stupid chat because this was the first time I had met him so typical how do you know so and so, what do you do? type stuff. He’s super shy and awkward, After talking to him for 15 min I say to him I thought it would be more exciting here but places like this are all the same to me really. So he suggests we take a look around to see if there’s anything more interesting there. Well we found our way out of a side entrance and walk a bit down the side of the building to this little shoulder space where the bricks come out a bit of the otherwise flat wall and I just dropped to my knees I pull at his jeans a bit and look up at him  making sure it’s ok I continue and to a surprisingly stunned face he pets my head and I continue to pull nice cock hard and waiting from his briefs! In no time I’m downing his cock slurping up and down his shaft. I look up at him and his look was priceless! I don’t think he was expecting a blow job in the alley while a few strangers walk by maybe just make out against the wall and feel me up. But I wanted more! He’s holding in groans of enjoyment as I work bobbing my head and deep throating him. Unfortunately it didn’t take long before I was swallowing his creamy load and thanking him for making my night more interesting. The guy left right after that didn’t say anything to anyone just literally hopped in a cab after walking me back to the side door. Smiling from the experience I went back in and found my group when they realized he’d left Cali called him asking where he went he told her he had a long day and had to get some sleep......In the coming days after this night he had tracked me down and things continued on ;)