She was pissed at the ending and the fact you didn't get to see connor cooper ( sly's father) and the fact the he was stuck in time. Me and her sat for like another 2 hours after I showed her homber bimpsons post of his idea for sly 5 which is great and is a well thought out storyline, I recommend you look at it if you haven't, it's in this subreddit somewhere. We talked about the ancestors he would see. Obviously he's stuck in Egypt so we get to see sly tutankhamun, then there's only 4 other well known ancestors we haven't seen. The pirate one I cant remember her name would be like sly 3 dead man tell no tails with the open world ship theme. The we go to Victoria era London and work with the aristocrat ancestor cant remember  his name either  but I dont know what that play style would be like. Then to otto van coopers which is set up like the sly 3 level in Holland with the dog fights. Then last you go see his father which his level was well thought out by homber bimpsons post. The at the end we made changes for said post to where carmeltia gets a promotion at interpol and becomes chief  and sly retired. The at the end both sly and carmeltia are holding children. Those would be the final cutscenes The my sister came up with the idea that sly 6 would have you play as the son and daughter off sly and carmeltia. The girl would be and orange raccoon. And the son would be a grey fox . You get to play his daughters path as a thief with slight intervals where you get to play as his son a law enforcement agent. In the  tutorial you go back to the hazard room and play as her while sly teaches her. Both of these games would have the graphics of the 4 one but they would have longer snouts and  tuffs of fun instead of large puffy cheeks.  and the cutscenes would be like the comicbook ones of the trilogy. I'm gonna stop here because this post is getting long if you want more I'll talk more but I feel like I'm rambling but that's what my sister wanted after she finished sly 4, saw the secret cutscene of sly stuck in Egypt,  and watched  the interview with sunzaru that they had a dlc in works but couldn't release do to low sales. That's what she thought and wanted to share with this community because sly is one of the only things I'm passionate about. Also sly 3 is my favourite because it introduced me to the seires and was the game I played the most but I think they should have had bottles and collectibles and should have toned down the damage done by sly's cane since you could just whack the shit out of the big guards and kill them super easy. Making Murray pointless unless he was required in a mission. And the voice acting could have been done better with carmelita and Murray. I'm saying that because of s video reviews of a dude playing through them all first time and the little things he noticed. I think the only thing he's wrong about in the video is that he though sly 2 carmelita's voice was the best even though she was way to American and didn't sound like she had a Spanish accent at all like in the other 3 games in the seires.