 Don't you know? Dark Pit killed someone in a DUI in 2006, in Anaheim, California. He was on dangerous levels of prescription drugs at the time. His lawyers managed to get it covered up because he's a celebrity, so it didn't get into the news. It's not just a crazy theory, though. There's traffic camera footage of it, it really happened, it's in the court records for Anaheim and it's publicly accessible, they legally have to provide the information if you ask but the lawyers have managed to keep it from ever becoming common knowledge. He's so popular no one wants to talk about it, we just let him get away with it and hide what he did. It's disturbing what we let celebrities do and yet people still treat them like heroes. Everybody remembers the wacky antics, the combos, the victory animations, the character he played for the public eye. Nobody wants to hear what he's really like, nobody wants to realize that their precious main isn't the bubbly person they know and love. Do you know what he said after he got out of that courtroom? After he got off with a fine, and no jail time, after he rear-ended a woman's car and sent her flying through the windshield and killed her? Do you know what he said to her family then, as he walked away with nothing but a fine, a slap on the wrist for a guy as rich as he is? "Can't help but feel sorry for ya!" That's what he said. That monster. In fact, if you listen to the traffic camera footage, you can hear him say something after he gets out of the car and realizes the other person in the accident is dead. You know what he said then? "Looks like I'm the last man standing!" Dark Pit has never apologized to anyone or even publicly admitted it. I mean, he's got connections, he knows people in the business who can keep his name out of the papers. It's disgusting how people like him just get away with this stuff. This is what happens when you try to tell people the truth about a celebrity they like--they insist you're making it up, that you're taking someone else's story and putting their hero's name on it. I'm not. Dark Pit is completely guilty, and should be in jail for DUI and manslaughter. Watch the footage, it's disturbing. Hell, one witness said that she was still moving around after she got thrown out of the car, for a bit, and that Dark Pit just got out and watched. He hit her car, and then he got out and didn't even try to get help. He's an utter monster, and he shouldn't be in Smash Bros. And you know what? Even outside of that incident, he's an awful person. You look at the interviews with his coworkers, there haven't been any in three years that mentioned him. Sakurai's been pressuring everyone to not talk about him. And the interviews that do mention him? Nobody likes him, and for good reason. Obviously, they can't say much because it's an official interview and they want to keep their jobs, but pick up the August 2015 issue of Smashion and read the interview with Samus. Seriously, read between the lines; Dark Pit is clearly the creepiest dude ever. I mean, she straight-up says, "I don't feel comfortable around him". And there's another article in the June 2016 issue about the rumors surrounding him. Apparently, he and Lucina were dating for a while, and he got violent and hit her with a Home-Run Bat after she tried to get him over his addiction to Healing Sprouts. The guy's done manslaughter, domestic abuse, the whole shebang. And yet he goes free, because he's a celebrity. You talk about how, oh no, Dark Pit did these awful things, but are you going to stop maining him? No. Are you going to change your flair? No. I'm completely serious when I say that Dark Pit is unhinged; I'm certain the only reason Sakurai hasn't kicked him out of the game is because of this "Everyone is Here!" thing he's trying for. Some people shouldn't be here, Sakurai. And of course he's from Kid Icarus Uprising, and nepotism is more important than manslaughter, so he isn't going anywhere any time soon. He showed no remorse or desire for change after the accident; his painkiller addiction only got worse from there. When he went into court, nobody noticed that he was high on some combination of Fentanyl, OxyContin and Maxim Tomatoes and they just let him in. So he goes right up to the judge and starts screaming at him. It's all on video, seriously, look up the security footage. He's waving a sword--a sword! who the hell let him bring a sword into a courtroom--and screaming "Who wants some?" And after that? And after he was clearly guilty, you know what happened? This poor woman's family had to watch this guy leave with a slap on the wrist. The way we idolize celebrities is disgusting. Dark Pit should be in prison, but he's too famous, so he walks the streets a free man. Utterly horrifying. Please join us at r/DarkPitHate to help spread the truth about this monster, and tell any of your friends who main Dark Pit what he really did. He can't be allowed to cover this up anymore.