Mario Kart is the physical equivalent to Halo. With an amazing storyline. And amazing characters. Most people don't understand why Mario is racing Peach in a go kart match. But people whom have an high iq can understand the lore. Peach was fed up with Mario being a fat Italian, and had enough. She put him into a go kart and said "Race me or you'll never see your spaghetti again." So Mario raced her. And they raced, and raced, and raced, and raced. Until they've given up. Peach knew she was defeated. But she never gave up. She called down Luigi to join the race. It was a fierceful 2 v 1, with toads flying around everywhere and bananas being thrown But it seemed like nothing could take down Mario. Then it happened. The final race. Every character was against Mario. They were fed up with his winning streak. They all decided to join together and build one mega kart. One so powerful that not even Papa Luigi could take down. Mario was still confident that he could win. Then the day approached. The race began. The sky was dark. It started to rain. It all came down to this one race. Mario was ahead, as always. But he noticed his car was starting to fall apart. His engine started to smoke, and his wheels were slowly coming off. There was a mark on his kart saying "Bowser <3" Mario was furious, and he continued to race, even when death seemed likely. His car, only having two wheels left and a burning engine, coming close to the finish line. Where SMG4 was waiting for him, with a hot, steamy spaghetti. The car blew the third wheel. Only one wheel left, but Mario still was going. Until. Peach pulled out a c4 and said "THIS IS THE END FOR YOU, FAT ITALIAN." She threw it at the car, and detonated it. An explosion could be heard miles away. There was nothing left of the kart but a could of smoke. But, ladies and gentlemen. This wasn't the end of mario. SMG4 went to Mario, who seemed to have passed out. He fed Mario the spaghetti, hoping it could wake him up. "I believe in-a you, Mario." SMG4 said. "Wake up." Mario's eyes opened. "It's-a miracle!" SMG4 shouted. Mario got on a little board with wheels. The mega kart full of the other characters was closing in on Mario, but the finish line was right there. The kart did a mega-boost that would leave Mario in the dust. But using the strength Mario got from SMG4's spaghetti, he pushed the board towards the finish line. They were head to head, Peach, who looked almost insane, went full power. She started throwing the other characters off to gain speed. She was doing anything she could to gain enough speed to beat Mario. The smoke clears, the finish line was destroyed. It looks like it has been a tie. But the final replay played. Silence from the audience. Peach looked at the replay and almost cried. The winner was... Mario.