I'll try to make this as short as possible. I did hours of research on best mite treatment options. I chose prevent-a-mite, knowing that its a harsh chemical my original snake that had mites that I quarantined I treated with no issues. It spread to the rest of my snake collection. I have 3 boas, 6 hognoses and a mexican black kingsnake. I treated all the tanks with prevent-a-mite while I let my snakes soak for 30-45 minutes each. I had all the windows open, good airflow going and all tanks except two of my boas are wire top tanks so they have great ventilation. After waiting for the timers to go off for each one I would feel around the tank to make sure that it was 100% dry and then thoroughly dry them and put them on paper towels (non-treated) in their tank. Within 24 hours two of my hognoses kicked the bucket. I was gone for most of that day as I had work so I basically came home to two nearly dead snakes. Everyone else seemed to be fine, not exhibiting any symptoms. Since then, about a day to a day and a half later, a couple more of my hognoses have shown those same twitchy signs, but have not gotten to the point of the ones that died. I read online that there's no treatment and all I can do is take them out of their tanks, up their heat and soak them to help relieve symptoms and so far it's been 24 hours and that's worked well. They're drinking water, and showing a lot of improvement. Sadly I can't help but feel terrible (obviously) even though I did everything as methodically as possible so as to mitigate these risks. My friends I've asked have told me I was super conservative in my use of it compared to most and they (and I) don't understand what could've possibly gone wrong. I have read everywhere that as long as the prevent-a-mite isn't wet and it's well ventilated that it shouldn't cause any problems and I was really conservative in how much I sprayed in each tank. So I was wondering if anyone with hognoses have had this problem? And if it got better or not? It seems to be specific to them as my boas and kingsnake are all fine.