Okay, so my mother is very sick and me and my father took care of her. I feel... embarrassed because I no longer want to live with them but am so naive nice and unprepared. My classmates had sex, kissed, drunk, were confident while my mother raised up a sheltered invalid. I never knew what boundaries were and my mother taught me that it was okay to lie and be nice. I turned into a people pleaser and knew people used me but did not do anything to stop them since i was afraid. I want to be on my own but I was never able to make friends. I do not understand social skills, as a child I wanted everyone to be my friend and did not age well. I am tired of my father and mother's overprotective moronic behavior, like I am a child. I have adhd and focus is not my strength, sometimes I forget things but they think I am irresponsible. I hided from them my depression until i became suicidal and my father cried. He loves to rub in how I was happy before and became bad and depresses during puberty. They are also very christian and did not explain shit to me at all. I just want to separate but do not have any experience. I love to make inappropriate jokes and am very awkwaed due to bullying and trauma in my own family, I am a social retard. Please explain the rules to me like I am  a child and I would get it. I love to talk about taboo topics like sex, money, abortion, religion and do not feel restrictions by these rules but  that does not bring me friends. I want good friendships and am tired of being lonely. I am okay on my own but I was on my own all my life, watching the other kids play through a window. My whole life has been an isolation and my mentally unstable abusive aunt loves to talk about my mother's health and how retarded and sheltered I am for not acting accodingly like letting my self be used. I did not even know saying no was a thing for 15 years of my life and negative comments towards me sometimes compliments hurt due to my low self esteem I had since middle school, I was insecure and had abandoment issues, the worst thing that could happen to me was being bullied and left alone....it happened. Twice. I tried multiple times to end my self with pills and my parents make fun of it and say to take my words back and how my life is God's property. Like my literature teacher they will make me hate God, if he even exists. I get insecure and report comments when people talk about experiences with their friends since i did not uave much and love to ghost people and make them worry i had to grow up quickly to take care of my mother so iam...maturely immature. I was an adult in child's body and my father makes fun of that too. When i am immature my mother scolds me while my classmates could go to parties and have fun and be immature, maybe that is why they hate them. I hate one orphan girl since she got everything I wished for and sometimes leave classes so I will no longer hear her voice, while crying on the way to home.my life has always been to be the good perfect girl home, school, home , school, home , school and when i am with friends they ask me who they are, i cant even walk out without them asking where I am going. I hate my life, I don't know how to continue, i can legally leave but dont know where to go. I understamd that they worry but it is too much.