Ok so I’m posting this here cause no one really cares, don’t wanna annoy anyone and idrk what group this belongs in. But anyway first off I’m in grade 9 and so is the other kid I’m talking about. Anyway I was in his class since grade 7 and idk he always just seemed so sad and he’s slipped stuff and made it seem like a joke but it wasn’t like in an attention seeker way it was like something was actually wrong. You could tell by how he reacted. He’d get like embarrassed and just look like fuck why’d I say that. He’s always been so sweet and Ik a definitely more than he thinks Ik. But I just feel for him because of everything I always did. Anyway since we were in the same class we sat in front of the same door before class started obviously. So I’d sit in the same spot everyday and he’d sit next to me but a bit over. And he always would have his head in his legs and I was pretty sure he was crying. Like I had a gut feeling. I just wanted to ask everyday if he was ok but I couldn’t cause I was too nervous. Then when I finally felt like it was ok to the bell rang so I couldn’t talk to him. Eventually I just thought it was too late. In grade 8 I still wanted to make sure he was ok but he found someone who’s like his best friend. And I had people to and we kinda hung out with completely different groups. So I just didn’t bother. Now it’s grade 9 and we’re being homeschooled now because of everything. So I decided to search his name and dm him. I sent him a paragraph just tell him idk him or if anything’s every happened but I hope he’s ok and I’m here for him blah blah blah. And I’m so nervous for him to answer. But at the same time I really really really want him to answer. Idk I just idk. Idek the point of this paragraph. I just hope he’s ok because I really do care about him. Makes me sound obsessed or like I like him but I’m just like this with people especially if I feel something for someone. And there’s just something about him that always made me feel for him and just wanna make sure he’s ok. It’s happened to other people too, I’ve dmed the other person but I deleted it and she only answered it after I deleted it. So I didn’t say anything after. I just wish I didn’t do that. Hope she’s ok too. I hope everyone’s ok. If any of you are going through anything you can just message me I’m here. Ily even tho idek if anyone’s reading this. I still love you. You’re a human you deserve to be cared about. You mean something to someone. I promise.