So my ex and I broke up Oct. 22 nd 2019. He had cheated on me with a tranny in prison while she destroyed the work I had put into him by trying to sober him up. I had asked him and he was like no baby I love you and only you. I was putting enough money on his books he should have been living like a king. I spent nearly 5000 dollars on him easily buying him clothes,shoes, glasses, phone, laptop and whatever he needed orwanted. I would mail pictures so that he could pick and then go buy it. I am not perfect I did cheat on him 3 days after I got out of prison and I cry over it to this day because I feel like that’s why it ended because I wasn’t honest about that one thing. Well he got out sept 9th and that was the last time I saw him. I paid for the battery in his car and he was coming up to the city to see his ex’s and the tranny he cheated on me with. Since then i quit my job, I am now homeless. People in he city are mean to me cause he comes from a family with money and one of his family members is a senator. So were both on parole and he owes me 1200 dollars he once told my mom if I left him alone that he would pay me my money. He is with the girl who told me it’ll be okay  while she was fucking my man behind my back and I don’t even know her. I relapsed the 1st time he cheated on me and so I guess what I’m trying to say is how did I get here sitting in this motel room by myself wishing that it would be better to be dead than to constantly hear you fucking everyone in my head or to constantly hear you screaming in pain cause someone is hurting you. She says you don’t want to roll see me or talk to me and I wonder is it because you feel horrible about what you did to me mentally. When we 1st got together aug 13 2018 you said you were not like those other fools in prison and you were right those other men were better cause they didn’t intentionally break somebody mentally. All I wanted for you was happiness and I always told you if it wasn’t with me just to be honest but yuh continually played me. The girl your with now you told me it was never a relationship thing but you were fucking her your ex and the tranny and whoever else. So I ask you MDH why? What did I do to you that made you want to hurt me to where mentally I am broken and just don’t care anymore. I went to parole cause they called me in early cause legislation said I needed to get a job or I’m going back to prison I have 3 weeks. I told the head parole guy fine I’ll just do chatterbate. So i signed up last night because people in the city have thrown trash at me and said I have HIV when I don’t and how I’m a piece of shit cause I harass you. All I’ve ever wanted was for you to explain to me what I did to you to deserve this. When the tranny got out you were gonna come up to see her and I remember reading a text where you said I was disgusting. I’m so messed up now my heart feels like I’m not even living...your the worst thing that ever happened to me and as much as i love you I hate you even more cause you treated whores better than you treated me.