I have never used reddit before so I don't really know if this will help any but I've read a few interactions on here and thought "well maybe". Ever since I was very young no one has ever liked me. I'm not one of those people who "has many loved ones and just doesn't see it" no not at all. I have no one. Throughout my entire school life I had a group of friends that really didn't like me but I guess didn't want to show it? They would always "forget" to invite places, they would have us meet and "accidentally" tell me the wrong place, this happened in every instance. When I would have bday parties my parents were well off and though they didn't like me they always threw huge parties. My friends would all come and ignore me through the whole party. Flash forward to current times. Every time I do make a friend I get overly excited and I accidentally scare them....thats something I know is a big problem but don't know how to fix it. The last person who tried to be my friend invited me to a movie. I hadn't been invited to a movie in over 10 years and I literally was so happy I said "OMG I WOULD LOVE TO GO!!! WHAT DO YOU WANT TO SEE??" I knew immediately I made a mistake because her face immediately changed. She later texted me that she couldn't make it to the movie. I learned after the fact she went with someone else and that person told me I scared her.....Now I want to clarify. I don't think highly of myself. I'm not better than anyone. I've seen post similar to mine where people assume that's why you don't have any friends. Definitely not my case. Im not speaking good of myself when I say this but I always try to make the other person happy. I want to know what THEY want to do, what THEY want to eat, etc. I don't think I'm clingy cause I don't talk to people, touch or interact unless I get something that tells me it's ok or they do it first. I also want to state I have a long time boyfriend who treats me wonderfully but I think he's only with me cause its convenient. So idk if any of this is helpful but can anyone tell me what I can change or do to be more likeable? I just want like 1 true friend.