I just want to be alone I cannot stand talking. Not only do I suck at talking but it stresses me out and makes me uncomfortable. I try and avoid people as best I can. Even friends and family just to be alone and if they bother me while I'm alone I get annoyed. And if I know I'm gonna have to talk to someone later in the day I spend all my time worrying about what I'm gonna say and how I'm gonna act. But then when I get there I'm stuck in my head and I never have anything to say. I really hate how I'm like this I feel like I lost my social skills like I lost how to talk to people properly. I feel like I lost myself. But when I do talk I come off as rude, cringy, or awkward and I don't know what to do. I wasn't always like this. I just want to be like my past self where I could at least talk to my friends and family without feeling like this. I really feel like I lost myself like I lost my personality. I hate my "personality" now I feel like it has changed and Idk what to do. I don't feel like myself anymore I feel almost humorless I never attempt to joke because its always rude or cringy/awkward so I just stay quiet and laugh at other people's jokes to cope with my lack of humor even though it's not genuine laughter. I just don't know what to do I've been being alone for months now and my mom says it's bad because I won't talk to my family. The truth is I don't want to talk to my family. I don't want to talk to anyone. I freeze up when I talk and get stuck in my head no matter who it is. I would just rather be alone than feeling uncomfortable and stressed...I've tried therapy but I never really talk about myself. It's hard to express my emotions it's hard to talk about myself. Talking is hard and stressful enough some talking about my feelings is damn near impossible and I don't know what to do anymore. I can't keep living my life like this. I'm missing opportunities just so I can be alone. I've already lost friendships that I cared about just because I don't feel like myself and want to be alone. I just don't know what to do I feel like I'm out of options.