It absolutely KILLS me inside to reject a person. I don’t ever want to be the source of somebody else’s sadness and disappointment. To the point where I’ll do things I don’t want to do in order to make sure that this person doesn’t feel bad. I had a boy this past semester tell me that he liked me and try to pursue me and I didn’t want to lead him on or hurt him by not being direct so I decided to tell him not to waste his time on me but I felt SO SO bad for it. And more recently a different boy who I consider to be a friend of mine has told me that he likes me and I can feel him actively trying to get to know me better and putting out more effort to talk to me and again I told him not to waste his time on me and I would love to continue a friendship but this stuff just eats away at me!!! I want to make these other people happy and I feel so bad when I can’t!! Last night I was hanging out with a different boy who used to be my best friend and we hadn’t seen each other in awhile and late at night he asked me if I wanted to make out. I didn’t want to. I didn’t think I’d feel happy about myself the next day if I did. But it was SO hard to say no I almost changed my mind three separate times just because he’s such a chill dude and I didn’t want him to feel rejected or anything and I was really glad to be hanging out with him. Him and I had done stuff like that before which is why we “used” to be best friends and took a bunch of months apart and now recently reconnected and it seems fine like it wasn’t awkward or anything and I think our friendship will be okay but I hated being that source of tension and dissatisfaction during the hangout. When people see value in me or think I can provide them happiness or some benefit to their life I want so badly to follow through!!! I really want to make people feel good about themselves to the best of my ability but I also have self respect and when I don’t want to do those things I just don’t know how to handle the guilt of knowing I’m the reason somebody isn’t as happy as they would’ve been if I had just said yes.  I’ve been rejected by guys before and I always felt like they cared somewhat about making me feel disappointed but it didn’t eat away at them or anything ya know? Which is fine but I just don’t get why it gets me so badly. I care way too much. I don’t want to ever reject a person unless they’re obviously creepy or something but you get what I mean. The amount that somebody else feels disappointed is pretty equivalent to the weight of value I hold on things that I do or don’t want to do for myself and I feel like most other people hold their own concerns at a much higher weight than the disappointment of another person.