hi! this is my very first post on Reddit even though i'm an avid "save and read later"-er. i suffer from social anxiety accompanied by crippling ADHD which makes for a lovely cocktail of brain soup. i recently moved to NYC and am having to split a bedroom with my friend from college, we've been in close quarters before but with our stressful jobs, living situation, money issues on both of our ends, it makes for a high energy situation, sometimes good and sometimes bad. basically, i can't read her. she suffers from BPD so she frequently has mood swings and doesn't seem to care about how she affects me most of the time through her extreme reactions. for example, we are in social isolation due to living in the epicenter of COVID-19, so we don't get out much. one morning i woke up just feeling awful with feminine issues, etc. realllly feeling like staying in bed literally all day with a bottle of advil. As soon as i open my eyes, she's sitting on her bed across from me just staring at me, she perks up with the idea to go on an hour walk to a park that's near us. i was really not feeling it so i told her that i wasn't feeling well and i would just hang back today. she then calls me a bitch under her breath, pops her headphones in, and goes about her day in our shared room. literally not one word from her after that. night comes, i'm still miserable, haven't left bed all day, and she starts drinking and blasting Keeping up with the kardashians at full volume, and quite literally screaming commentary. i tried to watch with her for a little and laugh but i was simply just not interested. she ultimately gave up on i guess trying to reconcile with me? and has been really cold towards me still. i was feeling really down about it and i kind of still am. it made me really angry at her especially since she acknowledges how her BDP makes her treat people on social media, etc. but has never apologized to me for being rude or cold before. hence this is not the first time. maybe she doesn't have to! i mean ultimately my feelings aren't her responsibility and i'm trying really hard not to hold that against her but it makes me want to draw back from her a lot. she's a great friend but i just don't know how to approach talking to her about this. she's very sensitive and rarely acknowledges if she does things wrong, is rude, has an attitude, stuff like that. i'm worried that if i bring it up to her now, in the midst of this stressful pandemic that it will do more harm than good. aside from any advice you would have from me, which i will appreciate so so much, i'm especially curious to see if anyone else has had an experience like this. being in extremely close quarters with a friend every day for a year, how you dealt with it, what you learned from it, how to successfully communicate what you're feeling without rocking the boat too much or getting too defensive. basically just so i know i'm not alone in this! thanks so much for reading this blab, it felt really nice to externalize these feelings and see how it went down right in front of me without getting trapped in my brain. :)