I’ve been thinking a lot the last week or so about how I can turn my life around for the better. I’m going to be a junior in college this fall and I feel like an absolute sack of shit a good 95% of the time. I gained a ton of weight the last couple years, I’m already short, and have horrible social anxiety. My parents took me to the beach this past week to get out of our house in the middle of nowhere and get a mental break from quarantine within quarantine if that makes any sense. Anyways, while we were there I kept feeling extremely self conscious about having my shirt off (not a surprise, I always do) and kept tracing back to the thought: ‘If only I were fit.’  I’ve tried going to the gym in the past, and I’ve never been able to get into it like I’ve seen so many other people do. On our way back, I was thinking of ways that I could trick myself into exercising when I finally realized I just have to do it. There’s no ebbs and flows when it comes to health. You either make good choices or you don’t. For the past number of years, the last 2 in particular, I’ve made nothing but bad choices for my body. I’m trying to change that and I’m overhauling my entire schedule to not just be more physically active, but more productive in general. I know you’re probably wondering what this has to do with social skills at this point. Well, the short answer is that I already feel more confident in myself and my own abilities after just 2 days of running and doing push ups and sit-ups. The long answer is that I don’t really know how it’s going to affect me in the long term. I am going to everything in my power to stick with it this time and hopefully everyone is right and nothing but good comes out of all of it. My point is, we have a choice- what we put in is in all likelihood what we’re going to get out. And that’s not just for dieting and exercise, but our thought processes as well. And I get it, not all of our thoughts are controllable, especially when it comes to things such as depression and anxiety. Believe me, I know. But that doesn’t mean we have to live by those thoughts. I’ve spent the last 7 or 8 years being afraid of everything and I’m so tired from it, I’ve had some really low lows and am finally taking action into my own hands to do something about it. If I can do it, I believe that you can too.