Pretty much all the info is in the subject line. I just don't feel like I fit in anywhere. I've almost always felt this way. When I was in elementary school, I was a little more outgoing, always tried to make friends. I don't really know what happened at that point. Got made fun of by kids at school, but I still just wanted to make friends. Parents split up, mom got remarried, had to change schools, blah blah blah. Tried to be friendly, still got made fun of. I noticed even if the kids didn't make fun, they still treated me different. Everyone did. People openly told me I was weird and awkward. That being said, I did try to keep my head up and had a few friends. Anyway, now I'm 32, and a little bit better. Ive had two girlfriends in my life, and I'm married to the second one and I have a child. I honestly can't figure out why she's with me. I still try to be social. Hell,, I play drums in a band and also play guitar. Playing shows and going to shows are literally the only times I feel free for the most part, but still self conscious. That and when I'm drunk lol. Itry to hang with people, but I still get the impression that I'm awkward. One of my friends told me I was not too long ago. I always have to think about the right social cues (eye contact, when to smile, etc.). I'm horrible at small talk, just literally can't think of anything to say. Makes it extremely hard to do introductions and virtually impossible to make new friends. On the rare times someone wants to hear about my interests, I'll talk their head off lol. Occasionally I'll be told that I actually "held a good conversation", not by the person I was talking with, but by someone who was told by that person. Im trying things like nofap and working out to help my mental state, but I'm not really noticing many positive effects. Maybe I  just need to put more time into them. Either way, when I say I wish I was just normal and fit in, I damn well mean that. Any help or suggestions would be appreciated. If not, thank you for listening to my rant. I don't really have anyone to tell without them saying I'm being overdramatic and just overthinking.