I went to watch a movie by myself today(going to movies alone was anxiety provoking at first, but now I've been desensitized to it now). So I sit on my allotted seat, and a girl comes and sits on the seat next to me. She had come alone too. I have always been anxious talking to people in general, especially girls. I wanted to initiate some sort of conversation with her, but my mind kept telling me that I'll speak too softly, stammering, which will convey her that I'm a creep. While the movie was playing, I went to the washroom, then returned to my seat. This gave me a good topic to start a conversation with her. I asked her about the things that happened while I wasn't present. Talked to her a little bit more and then shifted my attention back to the movie. I would have asked her for her number, to hang out with her later, but she didn't seem to give any IOIs, so I skipped that part. Also, she didn't seem like she was my type. It felt so good to have finally done something that I'd never have thought was possible for me. This gave me a huge confidence boost, and I'm going to keep repeating this with all strangers, to keep going after things that I want, without hesitation. Even my friends without social anxiety wouldn't approach a stranger girl in my country. They would, for asking directions or time, but not for banter. I did it despite my anxiety. All of this process started after I went to see a psychiatrist yesterday. He prescribed me medication, but I refused because I didn't want to have to do anything that would affect my mind or hormones. After returning from the clinic, I promised myself to completely reinvent myself without medication. Today, in the morning, vowing to this promise, I approached a few trainers at my gym and the conversations went smoother than they did before. Also, while travelling in the elevator, I started a conversation with a random person and we talked a lot even in the short amount of time that we were together for. Things are only getting better, and now I'm trying to work on other things such as expressing my feelings more clearly and unapologetically. I'm also going to work on becoming more assertive. The only person stopping yourself from the person you want to become is yourself. Killing your ego would be an important part of this journey. Failure is 1000x sweeter than regret.