I’ve been staying with my best friend( we will call her t) for awhile on and off I’ll go home for a day or two and go back because my home life is very unhappy. It was good until my other best friend decided to come back into our lives because her boyfriend went to jail for arson (she cut us off for like 6 months we will call her k ). I knew that soon as she came back I was gonna be pushed away because they are also best friends and kinda always excluded me sometimes. It started with them getting jobs at the same place (me and t we’re suppose to get jobs at the nursing home my dad is at so I could see him & work & she can get a different nursing job) well they texted me at 8 am that if I wanted to come to this other nursing home with them I can knowing damn well I wasn’t awake and then after they told me how great it was and that I should have came.. they were planning on it for awhile apparently and just so happened to invite me at the most inconvenient time. Anyways k & t kinda started lightly hating on me by kinda ignoring my presence & t was being very passive aggressively mean to me. So this morning I was at my boyfriends side of the duplex we all kinda rule and I got a text to be back at my bffs at 11:30 so everyone can get taken home for a week so she can clear her head , catch on some stuff on her own. She literally only took me home ... they are at her house hanging out rn. On the way back I kinda noticed she almost slipped saying that she was only taking me home by asking our other friends in the car if they wanted to hang again and then she would quickly say “in like a week tho so I can get my life together! Haha” then glance at me to see my reaction. I know that I was staying there awhile and they probably wanted to get rid of me but they didn’t have to lie ... should I confront them ? Or just leave it because I keep getting really mad then really sad then I feel like it’s fine but is it fine ? I usually ignore things like this til they push me over the edge and I freak out. They always talk about how shitty other people are in my life and how people always lie to me but aren’t they doing the same thing ? I can’t wrap my head around this