I've been trying hard to combat my social anxiety lately and I've been taking the time to dig deeper into my thoughts and figure out what's causing it. I think some of it comes from not being able to completely be myself around certain people. When I was 12/13 I started to hide my real personality. I used to be super bubbly, outgoing, funny and silly, then when I started high school people began to question my sexuality. I was asked twice by two different people if I was gay and then people started to speculate. As someone who isn't straight, but wasn't out at the time, this terrified me. I figured it was because of my personality, so I changed myself. I stopped being funny, outgoing and bubbly and became more serious and more introverted. This lasted until my early 20's. I came out and started to accept my sexuality. I didn't care if people knew or found out because I was already out. However, my personality stayed the same. I recently realised that my fake personality is mostly a thing when I'm around people that I've known for a long time. Whenever I meet new people I'm able to let more of my real personality out, bubbly, funny, silly, etc. I think this is because I'm afraid that the people I've known for a long time will start to think that I'm acting weird or being fake if I start being my real self again because they've known my more introverted/fake personality for such a long time. This becomes a problem when my two worlds collide, when I interact with people that I've known for a long time and the people that I've met recently. They both know two different versions of myself, so I don't really know what to do or how to act in that situation, which is why I try to avoid this situation as much as I can, but I can't keep this up forever. I want to tear down this facade once and for all and start being myself again around everyone because I think it's a step that I need to take in order to start fighting my social anxiety, but I'm worried about what people will think or say. Has anyone else experienced this or something similar? How do I move past this?