Social anxiety is the worst. Like I don't care about my appearance and stuff like that. I understand people become friends because of personality and what's on the inside. But I'm just horrible at socializing.  When Im in public my social anxiety is fine. Like I won't ever see those random people I just walked next to ever again. I probably won't interact with them in the future. I don't get anxious there. But I get super anxious when I meet with people I do know. Especially at religious meetings. Im so scared because I don't know what to say, talk about or respond when they talk. Especially when it comes to more cool/confident people. Like I just cant. I don't know how to explain that well. I'm honestly just really scared of letting people down in a way that I'm not interesting or fun to be around. And today was like my last straw. A guy I know (I'm pretty sure either his parents made him or he felt bad for me) invited me over to his house with some other of HIS friends to hang out and play games and stuff. But I was super quiet. I barely said anything. When people were talking to me or when were in group convos I really tried to think of things to respond but when I talk, to me, I just seem like I'm not interested in what they are saying, and that's really the opposite of what I'm trying to do I tried honestly I tried really hard to think of things to say or how I can make a joke of what's going on. But I just couldn't. I felt like crying. I had the chance to redeem myself. Prove these guys I do care what they are saying and prove to them Im a good listener. Prove these guys I could be a potential fun friend. But I just couldn't. I wanted to leave. And if I did try to say something funny or comment I would get ignored sometimes which really hurt me more. I really wanted to cry. I really messed up and now especially I can't fix it. They think I don't care what they say. They probably think I only care about myself. UGHHH ITS SO ANNOYING. Confident and really outgoing/funny people sometimes REALLY annoy me because I'm jelous. They always know what to respond. They always seem to know what to say. They always seem to know how to make everyone laugh. Everyone likes them. People want to be their friends. THEY annoy me so much because I can't be like them. I only have 1 friend and I'm still really struggling to even keep that friendship because I'm so boring or I seem uninterested in what they say to me or I reply poorly to what they talk to me about. I don't know what to do. I've tried studying ways to improve my social skills but honestly it feels like I'm going backwards. I feel frustrated and don't know what to do. I really don't want to ever talk to or even see the guys that I hung out with today again just because I'm embarrassed of how I acted....