So I recently came back to somalia. It has been 4 months now but I honestly feel disappointed. Let me just provide more info,I practically lived by whole life outside of somalia. Despite the fact that I wasn't born in somalia,I was still proud of being somali. Growing up, it was hard to connect with somali kids by age coz well I was a bit introverted and loved reading books. I felt disconnected honestly. Now I grew up in East Africa, and despite the fact that other africans belittle My People and my country. I still stood strong and believed Somalia would eventually go back to it's former glory. It was a matter of time. Not gonna lie ,when farmajo was elected , every one felt enthusiastic over the future. Eventhough I hardly follow somali politics I could also feel the something was different now. But after I came and actually saw the state that xamar is, honestly I am heartbroken. It is very disheartening, the gap between the rich is so wide. I honestly don't know what on earth is happening in our country. Let me give you an example. I am a doctor, I haven't specialised but I have enough work experience to handle cases. I knew it wouldn't be easy to get a job ,what I didn't know is that people actually employ one another based on tribes. I am dumbfounded, how does being a certain tribe give u the skills to manage medical cases. Medical drugs entering the country are hardly regulated, hospitals employ who ever they want( Do foreigners even pass the ministry of health?). Every hospitals has their own regulation, I.e writing case notes in turkish, somali, arabic. There is literally no jurisdiction or regulation. I have been volunteering in a certain hospital and I honestly can't go back. It is sad to see how poor our people are and how in need they are. I see some doctors who don't properly treat patient accordingly. I may be a "diaspora" and are soft because I haven't see war. But as a human being, it is so hard to see the suffering our people are going through. I honestly don't know what to do, when ever I suggest something. It feels as though they don't consider any of my suggestions because I have "high expectations" and this is somalia. I am honestly thinking of going abroad because I don't think my country has any use for me. Worse of all,when they hear my somali "diaspora accent" I feel as though they don't consider me fully Somali. End of rant,I just needed to blow off some steam.