Swords and Souls is by far, my favorite series of games ever. I first found the original Swords and Souls on Armor Games back in 2016, and it immediately hooked me in, it was the perfect game for me, and I would play it every day. Then we get to recently, 2019, I was scrolling through rpg games one day and there it was, Swords and Souls: Neverseen. My immediate reaction was: “OMG THERE’S A SEQUEL!? AND IT’S BEEN IUT FOR 4 MONTHS ALREADY!? HOW DID I NOT KNOW THIS, I HAVE TO GET IT IMMEDIATLY!!!” Although I said all of that, I wasn’t able to get it until now, March 2020. But when I got it, you better believe I played it. It’s so much better than the last with better graphics, more than 2 people, technically 1 in the original but moving on. Customizable weapons, and more. I love love love love love it. I’m writing this just after beating the story mode, and I love the small lore that was put into the final bits, this is what I got out of it. ( Spoilers ) Soph and Eyelene met, maybe, and became friends, but they’re personalities don’t go well together so they got into an argument or something, Eyelene took away Wendy and went to her tower to seal it for some reason. Soph then basically possessed Hops in order to talk to us without giving away that she was a spirit. As I was playing the game, I thought that Soph was Hops’ spirit, which is why he seemed to pass out or die if you ever went into the tavern in chapter 7, this made me believe that the doll and Hops were spiritually linked in a way, but that’s a just a theory, A GAME- Another thing that reinforced this for me was the fact that Soph is an anagram for Hops, for anyone who doesn’t know, an anagram is when words have the same letters, Soph and Hops use the same letters just rearranged. Continuing on, by talking to Eyelene we apparently messed up the timeline, or, what was supposed to happen. I don’t know what to say about Sir Pupset’s dialogue at the end...he says: “I’M STILL HERS...” and “I can’t let you continue.” And “I won’t let you hurt her.” Maybe Pupset IS Wendy? This would explain why they’re both dolls, but I don’t know. We beat Soph.....twice....and then unlock Endless mode. That’s all I can really take from the lore but I digress. Both games are amazing, and I really hope another sequel comes out, thanks for listening to my TEDtalk.