Im making this post because i’d like to know if other people with SPD have these same symptoms or if i have something other than SPD.  Im 15 and i was diagnosed with SPD when i was around 11 years old, I’ve seen all different kinds of therapists and councilors for it, and every single one seems to think i have something i dont. I am super sensitive to tastes and textures of foods, every day i’m trying to put different things into a smoothie because i feel like i can’t eat anything else healthy without gagging / puking it out. My eyes are super sensitive to the sun, but i don’t get anxiety or anything from any kinds of bright lights. What does give me anxiety are things like the TV routers little blue dot when i’m trying to watch TV, or the Xbox logo light always on when i’m playing a game, for this reason i have every little light at my tv set up taped off so that i can’t see them. When i was younger clothes bothered me way more than they do now. I only wore one type of socks my entire life until i found out about flipping them inside out so that i can’t feel the seam. I can wear most types of socks now because i just don’t notice it as much. Same goes with shirts and pants etc. The things that have bothered me the most though, are sounds and sights. I don’t understand why at all but i get so much anxiety from the sight of people chewing/picking their nails, kicking their feet, chewing stuff like popcorn/tortilla chips, and for sounds, every time i wake up in the morning i feel like my brain instantly notices the first vibrating type of sound like a fan/engine/lawnmower/bass from a speaker, etc and i have to blast music or any type of noise super loud even if it hurts my ears, to the point that i can’t hear the sound anymore. Every single time i have talked to multiple different therapists they say stuff like tell my parents to just make me eat a certain type of food or not let me leave the dinner table until i do, or wear shaded glasses when i’m outside, or use air canceling headphones, or wear certain types of clothes, but to me, i completely see how these things can work for certain people, but it just sounds so stupid to me because none of these things are at all the type of things to help any of the kinds of things i go through.