I hear a lot of people say that the reason why there's not a lot of cartoons being remastered in HD is because of how expensive the process is, which I could understand based on the some of the production costs being spent for animating some of the shows that aren't remastered, like Spongebob Squarepants, or other various old cartoons on Nickelodeon or Cartoon Network. However, almost all of the cartoons that were coming out around that time were animated using digital ink-and-paint software, especially South Park, which was later remastered and formatted in HD by re-rendering all of their old master files frame-by-frame. So if they managed to managed to make that possible, then why don't they do the same to the other digitally animated shows in the 90s and 2000s that were formatted in the 4:3 aspect ratio, like some of the early seasons of Spongebob and such. Or shows like Samurai Jack, Avatar: The Last Airbender, the Simpsons and the Winter & Fall school seasons of Ed, Edd n Eddy. Heck, I even seen people remaster old Spongebob scenes shot on film using animation cels on YouTube! (example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FcD4nNAZwA8). Plus, I have seen one instance where old animated from Spongebob was remastered, and it was for the show's new HD opening sequence (with the exception of the Bikini Atoll footage in the beginning, which was made using 3D animation). So, if they're able to give that an HD remastered, why can't they go back and do the same to all of the seasons with every episode being formatted in 4:3? I don't get how the process itself could be seen as "expensive" especially considered that Nickelodeon has a ton of money and are able to open cruise lines and amusement parks, as well as have their own film production company (Nickelodeon Movies), as well. There's literally dozens of AI programs that could replicate what would take dozens of people to do in a couple of months in less than a week or two. Go to the animation archive department and scan some of Season 1's old animation cels, and make a bunch color-corrected wet-gate scans for some of Season 1's live action footage (like the sailor giving thumbs up from MM&BB or the lab dog from Plankton or the dolphins from Jellyfish Jam). Then go re-render  all of the master files from all of the show's 4:3-era seasons and remaster and convert all of the SD 60i tapes used to record a lot of the live-action footage (like the family at the end of I Had an Accident or Mr. Puff and the Underwater Pianist scenes from Krusty Love, the green screen footage used to compose the scenes featuring the live action Gorilla and George the Horse, all of the Patchy the Pirate scenes, etc.), de-interlace everything, etc. Same applies for other cartoons from the 90s and 2000s. I should've posted this on other subreddits like r/television or r/cartoons or r/animation, but I wanted to post it on the Spongebob subreddit, mainly because of a lot of the replies that some of you guys get on this subreddit. It's also the best example I could think of in terms of highly-popular shows being left un-remastered. I just wish that one days a lot of Spongebob's older seasons would be given a much newer look, and not have to see the same black bars on the screen, or the same digital video artifacts and interlacing problems on screen. I also want to bring up why a lot of old shows aren't being given a 5.1 soundtrack mix, as well. They didn't give a 5.1 soundtrack mix to South Park's old episodes, which kind of disappointed me. I mean, if they're able to give all of the old episodes a 16:9 HD look by re-rendering all of the original master files, then why couldn't they bother to remaster the old stereo mix and convert it to 5.1? I don't know, you guys correct what I'm doing wrong here.