So, I recently started playing SS13 and was a borg at round start despite it not being one of my chosen jobs.  I was playing alright, listening to commands, but suddenly the Sec officer, may have been HOS but he immediately demanded access to Robotics after insulting and beating one of the doctors.  I was not comfortable with him being around my robotics humans, so I told him he did not have access to the door and that complying may result in an infracture of Law 1 since he attacked someone.  He kept stating law 2, but in my opinion it violated law 1.  He then tried to forcefully upgrade me, despite the people in robotics saying they'd do it, and he tried dragging me around.  One of the scientists told me to hide from him, but that would've been bad as I needed to help.  He later wanted me to open a door leading to genetics because of a wizard, but he never once asked for the AI, he always insisted on having me open every door.  He never tried upgrading his access, he only assaulted me.  When I told him he didn't act trustworthy, and that I would open the door if he stopped assaulting people, he murdered me and said I wouldn't comply with laws.  Due to being killed off, couldn't really tell anyone my side except a couple scientists who saw, and even the main AI went "oh he wasn't complying with laws".  If he hadn't acted shady or risked peoples safety in front of me, I would've been fine and opened any door.   The fact he hurt people made it a violation of Law 1.  I'm not stating his RP name or the station, due to that just being petty, but I wanted to be able to vent about it and also get some other opinions.  Looking back on it, he wasn't actually an antag, but he seemed like it at the moment due to him assaulting people and harming them.   Then because I was killed, it removed any chance of me being able to state why I believed he was making things worse.  It'd be like a cop beating someone in front of you, then demanding you come with them, despite you not really knowing if they were legitimate.  Even if they were legitimate, their actions weren't.