Hi! Here’s my situation. So I am a new barista I’m still undergoing training. So far everything is going well. I am actually really getting it I’m not a very slow learner and I only have register left to learn. So that being said when I got hired by this manager he told me that I wouldn’t be working for the location I’m training at. Which is fine. So during my interview I emphasized why I want to work at Starbucks. I meant it when I said I care about customers. I love when employees work like a family and all of this good stuff. The location I’m training at definitely has everything and is well put together. So when I had to do my hot bar training they took me to the location I’m actually supposed to be at because that espresso machine is different than my training location one. So we were training and everyone there is so lame and off and rude. They looked like they HATED being there. The shift supervisor was giving everyone attitude. They didn’t even do their job. I’m training so I’m not supposed to be doing anything but training and the manager in the training location made it clear that we are only there to train we are not on the floor. So when customers were waiting for super long and no one is paying attention or ringing them up that’s messed up. That’s their damn job.  Customers hated their experience there clearly and the shift won’t even greet them with a smile. Everyone there had a bad vibe and I feel like that’s not why I want to work at Starbucks. Can someone please explain what I should do. I was thinking I should definitely work for 2 weeks at least because it could just be this group of people that just sucks but the entire location is SO DIRTY. I wouldn’t even want to put my belongings there. It’s so gross and ugly and broken down it’s terrible. And it smelled really bad in the back. The bathroom was so gross a customer cursed at one of the workers there. This is not the Starbucks experience I want and other employees in my training location said that location is the lowest of the low. So advice?