Glitches on top pf glitches on top of server issues on top hero balance on top of "gunplay" balance theres so much for dice to fix about this game and i get it its almost 3 years old but the content it has now is the content it should have had since launch. I dont understand how they managed to bring our expectations that low, maybe it was part of EAs plan all along ? The old 2 steps backwards and one step forward trick. Theres spawning issues where for example youll be defending your capitol ship as the clones and its the last checkpoint and instead of spawning you behind the doors itll spawn you in the tunnels in front of every single droid and youll be dead before you can even control your character. I get dice is infamous for having awful spawns but jesus christ man. Then theres hero "balance" i put balance in quotation marks because what they have in the game currently is not balance at all ,heroes dominate every single match its not even a debate regular troopers have 0 chance of killing heroes its insane youll have 5 people shooting at a hero but because for some ungodly reason dice gave them the ability to gain health on kill the hero literally wont die unless you spam them with explosives. So whats the point of having any of these other troopers if they dont have a single effect on the hero thats essentially controlling the fight ? There are no tactics no counters its awful the only slightly balanced era is the sequel era where the first order finally has a counter against heroes other than that you can guarantee that heroes are gonna be driving the fight 9 times out of 10. Its just bewildering because i expect actual combat from dice not just "hurr durr stay away from hero because you have no shot of killing them" especially if the map lends itself to heroes like tatooine naboo kashyyk deathstar2 or really any map with structures on it. If you need any proof of this play capitol supremacy and just wait for people to start pissing out heroes its awful. And for all its worth i get it that this game has to be casual and simple so EA can cash in on starwars fans across the board but cmon man is this really the best they could do its like battlefield one just sit in a hole with your one shot sweet spot smle and rack up kills it turns the game into something awful and boring. And the best part is none of this would have mattered if they would have given us private servers and made a server list like in bf4. Then you can turn off all the questionable design decisions they put into the game but no somehow reddit and starwars battlefront 2 players are content with not getting basic features , its honestly bewildering and it makes me wonder if theyre ever gonna go back and fix the game or if.its just gonna stay as a hero grinder forever ,now i see why everyone told me its probably not gonna end up being worth the storage space after the cool graphics wear off