Gungi was 14 when we first met him. Now he’s 17 and only a few months away from his trials to become a Jedi Knight, when he hears of the attack on Kashyyyk he pleaded with his teacher Tera Sinube to let him go help his people. The old Jedi knows that being a Jedi his padawan should be free of attachments so he says no. But when Master Yoda heard of this he talked to Sinube about how it would be good for a Wookiee to accompany him since he himself was traveling to Kashyyyk and while he had good relations with the natives it would be good to have an escort. While walking to the ship they run into Gungi’s old Padawan friends Petro and Ganodi who decide to come along for the adventure. Ganodi has already been knighted but Petro is also just a padawan. They leave to Kashyyyk with Commander Gree and his battalion. The battle commences as seen in episode 3 with Yoda up in his tower, but the other Jedi are on the ground with the clones and the Wookiee’s. Order 66 is enacted and Gungi can do nothing but watch his friends and a Wookiee who were previously fighting beside him get gunned down. Gungi and the other 5 Wookiee’s he was fighting with are able to take out the squad (there’s only 6, some had been shot down by droids already) and they retreat into the forest. He is unable to think, he just runs. They find Chief Tarfful, Master Yoda, and Chewbacca. Gungi wants to go back to the temple with Yoda, but the old Jedi tells Gungi it’s not a safe time to be a Jedi he can feel it in the force. Yoda asks Tarfful if he’ll watch over the Gungi, the Chief tells Yoda they’ll care for him as one of their own. Yoda says he has to go and he and Gungi hug. Yoda as seen in Episode 3 goes to his private pod that he asked Tarfful to hide for him way back when he started having visions of something horrible happening. Gungi and some other Wookiees would return to the scene of the battle that night and Gungi looks at the Wookiee shot instead of him, he looks so similar to him, Gungi only met him today and now he’s gone. His friends are nowhere to be seen just their impressions in the sand. They must have been taken by the troopers doing patrols on the beach. They take the dead Wookiee back into the woods to give him a proper burial but Gungi is busy morning the friends he didn’t get to say bye to. It would be a difficult process assimilating, to a new family who looked so much like him that he had never known and leaving behind the one he had known all his life where no one looked like him at all. Gungi would abandon his lightsaber and his vow to the Jedi, but he kept his crystal in hopes the the time for Jedi may someday come again. Although no longer a Jedi he would continue to wear his robes in honor of his fallen friends and the armor of the trooper that tried to take his life showing that he had survived. Gungi would meet with the Chief and they would finally have a chance to talk. He hands Gungi a traditional Wookiee ryyk blade. Gungi would join what would become Tarfful’s resistance, only using his force abilities to increase his already immense Wookiee strength. Becoming one of Tarfful’s most trusted and most skilled warriors he’d be part of a mission on the other side of the planet when a young Cal Kestis arrives, but when Gungi returns and hears of a potential Jedi he gains hope that the tides may be turning in this horrible war.