I won't go over every little thing I have something to say about in this game that I have a problem with, I'll get the major ones. Firstly, why is saber combat so awful? What's with the balancing issues, what's with the lack of customisation, and *real* content (skins and a new gun for each class isn't content). Nothing is fluid about this game and I can't find anyone else who even agrees with me about this one, I just played a game of HvV where the enemy team just camped in one little room playing the same meta characters, while I'm here trying to understand why I can't transition from a saber block to a force jump fluidly without the game bugging out and just leaving me standing here taking free hits from meta Heroes. Why is it that I can get hit despite blocking? Is it coz Luke was standing slightly to my side or something. Jedi Academy, a game from before half your playerbase was born, gets fluid saber combat right, it was balanced, and it was fair. This game can't even get thermal detonators right without bugging it. Is it your engine, or your team? Or dare I say (incoming downvotes), your community manager who insults people who ask questions rather than answering them, and getting way too much credit when he actually does his job and tells us about updates. Why do saber heroes walk 3 metres forward when attacking, why can't movement and saber movement be seperate so it makes the combat more complex and easier to understand. And also, why is it that there's so saber clashing, why is it just two light sticks hitting two broken hitboxes until someone falls over and dies. Also, why aren't the heroes and villains more balanced, you've got the dark side with a Tank (Vader) and a flying villain (Boba), whereas on the light side you've got a mix of half working characters, some of which aren't even built to work in HvV (Finn and Lando being big offenders looking at their Star Cards and Abilities). Why is there some weird hidden locking thing where I can never dodge away if I (a saber user) is blocking another saber, it just glitches and moves me back ever so slightly. And why do the BB droids have such a small hitbox and can dish out so much damage, it's not balanced at all when a BB9-E (great name btw, really appreciate the imagination of Disney, EA, and DICE) can just stroll into a room and throw a handful of people out of the map or into a wall, where another unbalanced mechanic comes in, where it takes absolutely forever for everyone to stand up despite being trained soldiers and sith lords, so people can get a couple shots and hits in, *nice balancing*. Why aren't there more abilities for heroes and villains, so we can mix up the combat, why aren't there more star cards, more cosmetics (not that I care, your community manager said it takes many months to send one out), and better combat. People have this excuse where it's meant to be cinematic, but I came to play a star wars game and have fun, not watch a movie where for some reason the clones talk in Kamino HvV.