 The human race has now come to the moment of election. The busy photonic light wave of light and all sizes are fully soil by collective heart news. Energy is united and ozumseniyor in all izgaralarda. 3, 4, 5 all sizes are in this now and every living being can be able to reach all sizes if they clean their individual internal focus and speed system. When everything is in this present, every soul that complete their inner duties can reach and energy doesn't disappear. The energy has been capalandi and United according to their standards. When a soul reach the same speed, energy is reached, United with energy, and continues to grow. That's why no one gets left behind, when every soul is ready to unite and self-Care, it reach the release. There is a fear created by service for a purpose against the own collective, and at this time, the fear of being missed. Everyone is impressed with this, but in the end, they will not understand what is. Fear also feels because it feels the change, but can't understand what is. Evolution Energy from the source is created in waves. And this special wave will grow and stronger with planet hizalanmalarla and lunar hizalanmalarla and solar storms. In your humanity experience this is the most powerful energy catalyst ever in history, the divine touch that separate the new rise and falls time lines. This is all the physical creation of the divine plan of evolution. Since the growing difference between both collective is very large, there is no option to control both worlds. There is no more option for the weak souls. This universe is the universe of prayer. Rise, development is achieved by service to others and self. Time lines are separated by no times. Access to sizes happens with pleasure, so all low thought forms and creatures will not be able to experience the experience of the high-shaking izgaralarin experienced by the heart collection. They will not cross the curtain. As more and more souls wake up, food resources will be lower and will not be able to feed themselves. As the heart collection goes on the rise spirit, they will continue in the land spirit. This is the break of time lines. So far in the history of human history, everyone has experienced a 3.-size which has been seen. This was a matriksti, LED by Galaxy High-D and multi-D creatures that experience its rise by service. These  creatures prefer not to relate to the whole source so they could experience the difference instead of unity and manage the human race to play life resources. People are caught in the dark, without knowledge. So they could have a battery that will give them life, but now the planet rise energy is completely covered in all souls, and every soul has a chance to get out of the karmic and experience high-shaking reality. The physical world has just finished the dark zone in space where many worlds are broken and the vibe is very busy. According to the law of law of law, the planet fell into the awareness of the planet. Low-volume creatures have been a part of the world experience at this point. This is what we call fall. Now, once again, the photonic light is completely reach the world and it is capalaniyor to start the rise by the good news. This is a higher shaking area in space, where the world's awareness will continue to rise and this will bring a new age of development, a new experience for all souls. Everything goes up and falls according to the rules of rhythm. Now every soul has the right to choose the way they want. Rise in self service, heart collection or fall time lines and break time lines and break. The area between the two collective is very open to continue, so the souls who choose the rise time line are left to experience the rise as a heart collection. They will not be impressed with more external manipulasyonlardan and the defense of low-shaking izgaralarin. High-shaking reality is now possible for anyone who choose them. As the energy United, the library of the two collective will become more obvious. Energy has been revealed to all the perform, energy that, in this self-service, these time lines were tried to be physically created. As a result of war and death agenda and end of the world, the most powerful five of them are the human feelings that are fear and hate, the opposite of love. The desire to use technology to create the end of the waves with the coming waves are balance with the highest-shaking energy of the heart collection. Those who serve the unity law balance the fear and destroy energy of unity with the high-shaking energy of the unity. The energy that comes for those who lead will bring all situations, thoughts, relationships and people who can't be able to control who we really are, the deepest secrets and unknown creatures. That's why anything that doesn't serve the best of everything in your life will finally be seen and set free. This is the purpose of these energy times. It is keeping light on all issues based on lies and things that are not true. These are the energy  foundation of low-shaking izgaralarin that now these the have been revealed by the light for the human race to see and free the human race. Energy for the waking collective will start an alarm process and start waking up from old reality. For those who choose to grow in the dark, they will begin to experience all their creatures that do not serve the best of all, and will be destroyed quickly. Karmic energy will start coming back to them and will have to experience what they don't want to face. Lack of experience will continue to increase. Time to create higher vibes faster for each person, more intense person is slow. But in this universe, why is the law of the result is stable. Every energy always comes back to the soul of every person. It's time for the results to come back, which is different for each person. Souls will either either choose or physical to a higher video, as they cannot move to a higher video, and will die physically to experience the fall in the alternative universe where fall in the alternative universe and experience the world created by that collective. Or they will be born again in order to continue their life experiences. The Heart Collection will continue to increase their awareness and reach full ozumsemeye and provide body in high-D State. This is how a race is that the world can reach unity while they become a galaxy. For the human collection, this wave will be felt by everyone. But all seven and a half billion souls are on different kinds. The way to rise is individual and everyone is enjoying their own rise. Not all souls choose to rise or wake up in this life time. This is the universe of free choice. At this point, the good news are not connected with the 3 b or they are completely broken and they are capaliyorlar high-Vibratory energy so that the energy can be reached for all. The mass wake up at this moment will enter their way of remembering. This is the time when all the good news are prepared to join all the creatures that made this pass of consciousness. Joining a higher-shaking world with a higher shaking world makes this pass easy and fun. A new epic has started to be written with love. The time lines were left. We are united with you. In your world, in your creation, in your creation, living library is all in divine perfection and time as it should be. You are your home and we are all with you. We are always with you. We will always be with you. We are all a heart that is a home. And in that heart we are all eternal love. We are the arkturuslulariz. We are here to join you and share our love with you for the highest benefit of all. My deep gratitude and joy from the service of my heart to be here right now.