Do you think Anakin could have beaten him ? i feel it could have gone the same way it did. so obi-wan would kill General Grievous the war would be over and the Jedi would all return. lets just say Anakin does arrest Sidious and on that note. All Jedi council members would find out about this news and then go into debate on what todo. Now Anakin still wanted him alive to learn from him to save Padme. But i feel the some of the order would want Sidious dead as he too dangerous to be keep alive. But with yoda being there and a few others i feel Sidious would be locked up and then be questioned. I feel Sidious would still be trying to turn Anakin but as obi wan said the council made Anakin a knight. i feel this would somewhat restore Anakin's belief in the council. Then instead of the order 66 happening i feel a different one would pan out not sure if there is an order we know of for this type of situation. But lets say the order was like ep 9 to start building that army they had and wait for orders. Now as that is all going on Sidious would be alive and on the day Padme whet into labor. Anakin still worried went to Sidious to get the information to save Padme. know i feel Phaptin at that point twisted the truth a little. In what "stop people from dying" i feel he does know about this power but not too much i don't think he can teach him. Because the sith was selfish and hateful i don't see a sith using that power to save someone. But i feel Sidious didn't fully know about this power and told Anakin he cant and that he lied to him and that now Padme will die and he will suffer for the rest of his life. With that statement Anakin's hate and suffering took control and cut Sidious down killing him. Unknown to Anakin that what Sidious wanted, as Anakin killed him the dark lard used essence transfer. Anakin didn't turn evil at that point but know had all that knowledge of power. On the council's discover of what Anakin did he was then trialed fro what he did and to find out why. He was then banished for what he did and was no longer a Jedi  knight or apart of the order. With that Anakin wanted to see Padme and the two babes but obi-wan convinced Padme to hide as they both know how distorted Anakin be come, finding out about this Anakin set out to find Ahsoka. to get help in finding Padme and take down the Jedi order for what they have done. Finding Ahsoka and her seeing what Anakin has become with all that hate and anger. She tried helping him and calming him but with that and how distraught Anakin was he turned on her saying she is working with the order and agree with them. Then killing her and completing his transformation to sith. Now the Jedi found out about this and set out trying to find him as obi-wan knew what he wanted and couldn't see what he would do and kill who ever was in his way.He went to Padme to hide the babies, Padme was not happy with this and wanted to confront Anakin. Ignoring what obi-wan said Padme set out to find Anakin not taking long she found him. On arrival she lands and ep 3 pans out with obi-wan on her ship and Anakin thinking she set him up with all that hate and anger he cokes her and kills her. obi-wan and Anakin then go into a battle and ends with both sustaining multiple injury's resulting in them both fleeing. Using the dark side Anakin finds out about the plans at Exegol being the expert pilot he was he navigated with ease to the planet. finding out all the plans Phaptin had ie death star, the ship army being built and the clone army. knowing all that Anakin activated an order commanding all clone tropes to go to Exegol. As he need an army to take over the galaxy. years go by and all the movie happen as they do but with no Sidious its Anakin in his place. They find out about both death stars they get destroyed with ease as the Jedi and republic are more powerful this time. Anakin has a lot of battles and duels to come killing every Jedi in his path sometimes 3 on 1 . He has become the most powerful being in the galaxy rivaling master yoda. He was just like how Mace Windu was but the opposite power. As we get to ep 3-4 obi-wan, yoda, Mace Windu all alive and Luke and Leia in hiding as they was but not so much involved. Being Anakin's kids and noticing the force is with them they train them and keep them hidden form Anakin and the truth from them. i do have an ending and story's for the rest of the episodes or you can use you imagination wright and let me know how you all feel and what you would add or change and how it would affect everything. may the force be with you all