I have had really bad anxiety for life and school was really really hard for me.  Starting in fifth or fourth grade I think was when my staring ocd started to develop. This girl would typically be in front of me in line because I think we were organized by name or something. But everytime we were walking she would kind of tilt her head over her shoulder and I could see her eyes looking back at me. I wondered why she did this for so long and then I realized she might think im looking at her butt and then I remembered my posture was really bad (my head tilts down). So I felt REALLY bad and just wanted to apologize to her but I don't talk and i can't just say ''sorry for looking at your butt i dont like you'' because (I'm pansexual) I couldn't really explain to her that I don't really look at girls butts like that so it sucked and It was just eternal agony in my head. I hated whenever someone got line partnered with me especially a girl because of that. In middle school it got worse and I would just excessively try and stay back, get out of line, go to the bathroom if I had to walk behind someone and it stressed me out so much. I also developed something with the hair on the back of my head so it was super stressful to have anybody walking behind me too. I literally was so painfully anxious all the time that I needed to be alone alot. In the next grade I was walking with this girl back to our class and she was my 'friend' i guess (i feel really bad being friends or relating myself to anyone else because i feel burdensome and hated by everyone) and that entire year people had been like covering their butts around me etc and I felt so weird and so confused because I didn't know how or why they thought I was looking at their butt. Maybe because I locked eyes with them whenever I noticed that stuff idk but it made me feel really guilty and gross. And so with this girl I was walking back with, I still feel extremely guilty i can remember it so badly and presently because I decided to look at her butt like voluntarily (but now looking back it seemed like it was kind of a compulsive urge that i acted on) just to gauge or get an understanding if she could see me behind her. She did see me and it  was so so so so so so so embarrassing. I feel so bad about it and feel like such a creep for doing it. It was even worse going up stairs and now I hate myself and am scared to go outside in my town because all the girls in that school I think talked about me and how weird i was (not trying to be full of myself) and i freaked out when i went in walmart once and was constantly scared someone would find me and i dont want to start a youtube channel or anything i am scared of showing my face