I gave Star Wars the clone wars a chance finally.  I’m 18 and I remember the show being on when I was younger but despite me being a BIG Star Wars fan I didn’t really get into it.  I’ve always liked Star Wars as live action, comic book or novel.  Anyways but that’s not exactly why it’s not my cup of tea. But I will admit there are really good episodes especially last episodes of season 7.  I do like Asoka in those episodes.  So when I say I don’t like it I don’t think it’s bad I say that as in it changes the characters for me.  I’m having a hard time accepting its cannon especially with none of the events mentioned in the films and voice acting not lining up.  So I’m not really immersed in the show.  And I know this may get down voted.  Anakin is my favorite character in Star Wars and his character is off.  Like way off.  It’s not anakin from the movies and even obi-wan isn’t the same.  The flaws people have with Hayden Christensen’s anakin are actually the things I LOVE about anakin.  The anakin in the clone wars is too perfect to me.  Yeah he doesn’t follow orders or is obedient all the time but he’s not flawed like Hayden Christensen portrays.  Hayden’s performance especially in the beginning of ROTS shows me the hero anakin was and I feel like the clone wars anakin is completely different.  It might have helped if the voice actor wasn’t so different as well.  I actually prefer the 2003 clone wars show anakin voice because the character acts and sounds like the one from the films.  So in turn I accept it better.  But I will say I appreciate giving the Jedi masters and clones characterization.  I really liked episodes centered around the clones.  Especially liked commander Cody.  But even before the clone wars show I always kinda used my imagination  to kinda explain the clone wars before the films.  But I also feel like it takes away from dooku as well.  Dooku in the movies is a sith but he’s not a evil guy.  I know that’s confusing but he really was fighting for what he saw was better for the galaxy.  He didn’t seem power hungry like in the clone wars.  It also takes tension away from the line anakin says in ROTS “my powers have doubled since the last time we met”. That’s one of my favorite lines but if the clone wars is cannon it takes away from  that history.  I  don’t wanna make this post too long but I guess what I’m tryna say is it does not fit in cannon for me.  Also Star Wars being animated does kinda take away the magic a little bit for me.  In a comic its drawn real and in a novel I can use my head to see what’s going on on the pages.