If you saw me walking around you'd just see me as a normal guy just going about his daily business, and my daily business was hunting, hunting Wendigo's. I worked for the CCO, or the Cryptid Control Organization, I quit a year ago since they don't pay me enough for all the crap I deal with. The CCO keeps tabs on all the worlds cryptids since we don't want the general public finding out, mainly because alot of the cryptids we keep secret are dangerous like the chupacabra, nasty little devil's, and Sasquatches, which look uglier than a blobfish with their dirty fur and dry, wart-infested skin and their rotted teeth. I'm spilling the beans about these cryptids cause I don't work for the CCO no more and I don't see any issue with keeping secrets for them anymore. I had the misfortune of hunting Wendigo's, the most dangerous of the cryptids we know about. Lately, I've been seeing alot more if them around since I live in the middle of the woods and head into my local town every now and then to pay my parents a visit. Ever since all of this COVID-19 stuff everyone's been indoors and the Wendigo's are getting hungry for human flesh, yeah, legends are true, they love to devour humans. They used to hunt hikers and campers, in fact, Wendigo's are responsible for about 93% of missing people who vanished in the woods. When all this quarantine is over, be VERY careful, because when Wendigo's go too long without meat, they go rabid until they've killed enough people. So let me tell you how to kill a Wendigo, your gonna need it if after all of this. The first and most important thing in killing a Wendigo is having weapons with silver since Wendigo's have incredibly fast regenerative abilities since their scar tissue is more evolved than any other creature on this planet. I recommend a shotgun with silver bullets and a knife with a silver blade if the Wendigo gets too close. You also have to carry your own blood in a syringe or small bottle, Wendigo's can't resist the smell of human blood. If you want to lure one to you, open up your bottle or place the blood from your syringe into a bottle and spill it on the ground, make sure to spread it around too, a Wendigo can smell human blood from 10 kilometers away. Afterwards, hide in some bushes and load your gun with silver bullets. Soon, you'll see the distinct shape of a Wendigo approaching. They're really easy to distinguish from people due to their sharp claws, pale white skin, and tall, lanky body with scrawny limbs. Their eyes are also big, black and bulging and they have sharp teeth jutting out of their jaws like some kind of anglerfish, so they look pretty damn different from us beside the fact they walk on 2 legs and have 5 fingers on each hand and 5 toes on each foot. When a Wendigo arrives, make sure to bring a bright light or flare since Wendigo's are attracted to bright lights, which is why they attack campers when campfires are set up, so if you go camping, don't make your campfire too bright unless you want to get mailed by a Wendigo. Use your flare or bright light and toss it outside the bush and in front of your hiding bush. The Wendigo' oughta walk over and investigate it. While the freaks distracted, jump out and shoot it in the head. You gotta be sure to have good aim. While it screeches from headshot, shoot it's stomach and while it recoils from that, shoot one of it's legs then deliver a final shot to it's chest. If you hit all of the areas I told you to hit in that order, the Wendigo should fall down. Make sure to deliver at least 2 more shots to it's head to make sure it's dead? If it still gets up, get your silver knife and stab it directly in the heart since Wendigo's are usually 7-9ft tall so your pretty much just below their chests. This should kill the Wendigo. Afterwards, I recommend burning the body before members of the CCO find it, trust me, they have eyes everywhere. Actually, 35% of all people you see daily are probably CCO agents in disguise as normal citizens. I recommend you only kill Wendigo's if they attack you first or if they're constantly wandering around your home. And just to learn stuff up, Wendigo's are not supernatural, they're animals, like us. Oh and before I finish this up so I can go feed my dogs, I need to address the fact that Wendigo's can copy your voice or anyone elses voice. If you go into the woods with company, make sure to keep track of everyone and where they are, and make sure to tell everyone to answer a question if you ask them one. You have to do this since if you hear someone's voice, ask them a question and if they answer it, then it's the person you came with, if the voice doesn't respond, it's a Wendigo. And Wendigo's only mimic your voice if they hear it, so to keep Wendigo's away just lace your area with objects or material with silver in it, it'll keep them at Bay. Good lucjk, and please avoid Wendigo's for your own safety.