Two months ago how blessed I was... How ignorant I was about persistent infections... But most importantly, how cursed and unlucky I am. Always met with guys extremely rarely. Became regular with one very “reliable” guy. He was extremely tight as told me he only had his bf before no one else. They used condom everytime. Believed in him. Maybe he was still honest. Maybe I caught something like e.coli I don’t even know. I had typical urethritis symptoms and got treated with azithromycin and rocephin. It was over for 5-6 days then came back. Doxycycline for 7 days x2 was next treatment. It was perfect again then all came back 6 days later. Talked to std clinics/doctors, even though I begged them nobody checked for mycoplasma/Ureaplasma type of stuff. They kept saying it’s NGU, chylamydia gonorrhea syphilis hiv all negative. A speacialist on the phone prescribed me Moxifloxacin after I waited for approx a week with symptoms(getting worsen everyday). I took one pill and insane side effects, I thought I was becoming handicapped with all the tendon burning/pain and weird tingling everywhere etc. I recovered most of the side effects after stopping taking it. Glad I stopped after first pill. Called the speacialist and he said “Oh, just one pill and you had side effects like that?Hmm..” He told me to watch the situation and go to the emergency after this point. Most doctors just left me to my fate. Then after a few days I found this family doctor, she actually cared. And contacted a urologist and explained my situation. She called me back and said how she felt like I have been left to my fate.. She said urologist told me to have a ceftriaxone shot and doxycycline for one month. She said that urologist is gonna see me in two weeks(not sure how honest she was about that). And for that shot she wanted me to go to emergency. I did. Got the shot. Doctor there checked my testicles and said I have epididymitis now. How did that bacteria enter my testicles in just a few days... So today is my 7th day. I have 21 days to go.. I don’t have urethritis anymore but testicle pain mostly. I have reflux and stomach problems because of this long course of doxycycline and taking an acid reducer etc. I am just going deeper and deeper into the unknown I feel like. If I use this one month and if this doesn’t go away permanently then I’m just gonna try one more time maybe and then just end this suffering. I don’t even know which bacteria I caught in that unprotected sex, wish I knew about these persistent infections, I wouldn’t even hookup if I knew. If I ever go back to normal I just want peace I can’t even masturbate because of the pain. I was normally doing it almost everyday but last one month I did 2 times or something. Because of the std stigma that still exists even in Canada, I fell into a deep endless hole. If nothing helps me I will just leave a note to make my shame official on YouTube or something and just end this suffering. I’m all alone as immigrant in Canada, had lots of dreams. Two days ago was my birthday. Probably the last one.