We have 50/50 split with a HC at times BM. She tends to quiet right down when she has a boyfriend (she’s currently single so we are having a GREAT time...) SK’s school sends most but not all info out to both parents as there seems to be one in class system that only texts a main parents number - which is my SO as SK goes to school from our address. We can’t always tell when these specific messages are as the school also texts a lot of other mostly useless stuff throughout the week from the main system. Usually the class texts aren’t important info, like things about classwide library books, reading records, or lunch activities that happen without needing any parental input. Rarely they are about an event or thing the child needs to bring in - I think that’s happened once in the last 6 months and he’s only in the first year of school (hasn’t even completed a year). We asked, and last month there were two class texts. BM receives all correspondence but didn’t receive these recent class ones and has hit the roof. She now wants the main number to be hers, and will stop at nothing to have it happen, is demanding meetings with the teachers, telling my SO he’s a bad parent and that everything SHE does if for the child and that he is selfish, and she wants more therapy sessions (they had therapy last summer, it didn’t work, she has claimed the therapist was not qualified enough). All because SO suggested to her that actually he does understand and he wants to approach the school as he feels it to be their responsibility to make sure the parents receive all info equally, but she’s now turned it into a ‘you won’t communicate with me properly because you won’t let me be main number and screenshot all messages and forward them every time they come in’ situation. She really wants to be in control of this, but we have already had issues with he controlling tendencies and the intense volume of contact ( some months she was sending over 50 emails of non information or arguments per month) so we desperately don’t want this to happen. How do your SKs schools do information splitting? Do they only deal with one parent or are they fair across the board?They really should be sending them to her too and it’s not good they aren’t, but is it normal for schools to do this? I can’t see how it would ever protect vulnerable people or no contact parents who must not communicate with each other....