I’ve been living with my SO for about a year now. I’m a 29f and he’s 32m. I have a 12yr son and he has a 16yr son. As a mother I have taught my son to be responsible for anything he does like for example, picking up after himself, including room cleaning, washing his dishes, doing his laundry and just cleaning up after himself and he was pretty good at it. Before I moved in with my SO and i would just stay over the weekend, I would see that his sons bathroom was a complete mess, dirty clothes on the bathroom floor. Trash all over the toilet floor. Hair and residue all over the sink. Anyways who was I to say anything? Right? A year and a half later we move in to this brand new house and we both agreed on letting both boys know there will pick up after themselves. Well 6 months into the new place I decide to do “deep cleaning of the place.” To my surprise I walk into the boys bathroom and omg was it a disgusting nightmare. They both take turns cleaning usually sooo it was SS turn. But since he was working I told mine to clean it up (after yelling at him to as why the bathroom was that gross)  my SO walks in the bathroom and tells mine to only pick up the trash and that SS will clean the rest when he gets home.  Long story short, SS comes home and gets in the bath, at dinner time I bring up the bathroom situation and remind him that everything that’s in the floor is his, (he wears braces) sooo rubber bands on the floor. ( he has long hair) sooo his hair is all over the sink and counter. My SO gets super annoyed at me and rolled his eyes. I waited till both boys went to bed and asked SO what was that for and he went off saying that at every opportunity I get, I jump on his sons shit. Which left me completely flabbergasted because bullshit! I get on my sons shit 24/7 over shit like that because since the oldest doesn’t do shit, he also doesn’t want to do shit. So am I wrong for trying to make him understand he needs to clean up after himself? Or should I just leave it to dad and back off??