I met my now husband a few years ago at work. We were immediately attracted to each other and within an hour I found out he was married. I figured, no big deal he’s just a cute guy in the office. Well, a few weeks go by and there’s some, what seemed to me, harmless emails back and forth about work related stuff. Office etiquette and language in all of them. A few more weeks go by and he tells me he has a crush on me and his marriage is horrible. We admitted it was a mutual crush and that since he was married, it wasn’t a good idea. We still saw each other at work and were friendly to each other but the infatuation had already set in. He felt terrible and guilty for liking a woman outside of his marriage and told his wife he had feelings for me. She was rightfully angry with him, and she  proceeded to tell their kids about it. I was told that he was mocked by his then wife and kids about me daily and it was generally depressing at home. We worked together for a few more months and we still had a sort of connection. He never physically cheated, but there was definitely an emotional affair. I couldn’t get him out of my head so I took the first opportunity I could to get transferred. About a year later, she cheated on him and they decided to get divorced. He reached out to me and we decided to go on a date. He picked me up that afternoon and made a surprise visit to his house to meet his parents and his kids. I was nervous to say the least! His parents were very friendly as were the kids. His son even showed off his sports memorabilia collection to me. Everyone was getting along at first, even me and BM and then gradually things started to change. I think it settled into the their minds that I wasn’t a fling or a rebound and it started getting tense. The kids were under enough stress of the divorce, adding to it BM got married the same day the divorce was finalized, and DH and I weren’t off to a slow start. It’s been a little over a year that we’ve been married and we’ve been in counseling to learn how to navigate all of this. I admitted I still have a lot of guilt about what happened between us four years ago and the counselor suggested I ask them to forgive me. I took her suggestion and first asked BM to forgive me and she did. I then asked SS to forgive me and he did and actually thanked me for it. I still have to ask SD, and I hope she will as well. Things have already gotten better, even with SD before I’ve talked to her. I think her mom told her about our conversation and it made SD feel better. She’s been much more friendly and talkative with us and there has been a general sense of relief at home. Even though their marriage was bad years before DH and I met and they divorced years after I came into the picture, my part in falling for a married man was wrong. I’m hoping that even though we will always have some sort of conflict, this will be a first step in healing.