Even after taking a 2 week T break i still cannot get high on meth what do you guys do when you get stuck? I'm getting so bored with the shit but my addict mind tells me "go get a 40, go get a ball, go get go get go get" and anytime I have an episode being either  that it's a bad psychosis or a weird heat episode or panic attack I say I'm done I'm done but I'm not ever done. My friends are all dropping like flies to the law they're cracking down on it so hard out here now....I do this very discreetly I'm a very high functioning addict I'm to the point where if I were ever caught with it my community would be in utter shock my wife would be in shock my whole family just wouldn't get it but in another aspect I am a prime example of you can totally be functional on meth I've been doing this only 2 years. Pretty much have used everyday except a few. I have a job I do everything I did before I was on it it's just it used to make me feel so awesome. So awesome that I would completely forget that I hate my life and pretty everyone in it. It let me take myself to pretend land and helped me ignore the fact that if I'm in happy I have to change it well...here's the kicker and he comes the "that's just an excuse" i am autistic but it's weird I'm like different than any other autistic person. If you know anyone who is autistic you know what I mean by saying there are alot of similar traits in autistic people but I swear I have the ability to control all of them I have a very self controlled mind I just can't get high anymore and it pisses me off....it saddens me is it a sign to just stop? Probably but I don't want to I like it. For the jusmental people don't even start with me cause your demons are not my demons but we all have them don't we....you're not perfect and I'm far from it but God damnit I'm one hell of a good person lol drive ya home I'll spot ya cash IDC.....can you say the same? No you can't cause you judge others. Any ways suggestions on how to get high again and goooo #can'twontIV sorry guys won't do it cause if I did then it would just fucking kill me, literally