So i’m gonna try to keep this one short. But a week ago i took mdma and i have a prescription for adderall. i take it off and on and try not to take it everyday. So i kinda abuse the adderall. but i don’t take mdma much but i took the mdma and it was great but the comedown wasn’t so good. So i decided i wanted to take a 30 mg adderall and the comedown pretty much went away and i took another 30mg later in the day and that was all i took. but i woke up the next day feeling fine. So i was working on a project that was gonna take some time so i wanted a little boost from the adderall so i took 30mg and everytime i felt the adderall wearing off i took another and i kept doing it until i was at about 120 mg. And i was up for about 24 hours then i started not feeling so good i had terrible groin, bladder and stomach pain for a few hours until it eventually went away. Then i started having weird nerve problems at first my shoulder to my back started getting numb and that lasted for a while until my legs started going numb and it was hard to walk. Then it started getting to my arms and it lasted for a while. Then eventually i was up for about 45 hours and i started hallucinating seeing and hearing things that weren’t there and had severe paranoia. Then i was thinking that it could be because i haven’t slept in a while so i eventually went to sleep and woke up the next day and the hallucinating was gone but i have dizzy spells and i feel out of balance. but after a little while my legs began to start feeling normal but still feel it in my shoulder and back. But basically i have mental fog dizziness feel out of balance and fatigue. but i don’t really have any depression. but just a little stressed out to why i have these symptoms. it’s been like 3 4 days and it’s still there. could it be neurotoxicity or just stress or something else? And i don’t think it’s withdrawal because when i take adderall again i still feel it but the fatigue ends up going away when i take it. Any thoughts? would help a lot.