Last redose was like 12 hours ago, and Ive been fully tapped out since then. I'm feeling "alright" though and honestly I didnt really feel the need to redose at all during the day (so far) anyway. Sooo yeah it's been 12 hrs and I've got at least 5-7 more hours to go until I can let myself go to sleep (I've got responsibilities to take care of). Anywayyyyy I havent really kept up on the house during this small little binge. Nothing crazy, but like my sink is full (double sink, but one side is for drying). So its just a handful of plates, a few bowls utensils and some cups/mugs and like an empty cake pan on the stove. I need to fold/put away laundry, and I *could* do some laundry. Its literally only 1 loads worth, so it's not out of control, but its bothering me. The rest of the house is fine honestly but I'd like to wipe down the counters/tables/stove, and sweep (after I washed the dishes/laundry). Technically I could put it off until tomorrow, it would just mentally drive me mad. I feel like I cant relax unless everything is cleaned/picked up (even off stims). Plus I just feel guilty for not doing them over the last several days, so I feel obligated to do something so that I'm not a total waste of shit. Except I have 0 energy, unless it involves talking or texting/typing (which is still taking a bit of extra effort). I've had/have some bare minimum things that I have been/am taking care of today and I have no problem doing that or meeting those needs. It's just laundry/kitchen/floors that I cant seem to do. With my energy levels approaching 0, I cant muster up the motivation or drive to do any of it. I obviously cant stay focused on one thing long enough to even start, and all the lovely physical symptoms I get are hitting me full force (dry/scratchy eyes, feeling every single hair, eyelash, fuzz, fiber, etc that "lands" on my skin, the pain and physical exhaustion from all the tension). So anything that is task related, but like specifically requiring me to physically/repetitively move my body, is not going to work, because they are so overpowering that its distracting and requires even more energy that I dont have. So I basically move at a sloth/snail hybrids pace when trying to clean which just pisses me off, so I stop. I can't decide if I want to take 1 gabapentin to get rid of the physical symptoms or not because it's been long enough without a redose that it might just make me want to fall asleep. Which I cant do right now. But I feel like if I was able to get rid of the physical symptoms I could do the dishes and fold the laundry at least. So idk what to do. I dont want to fully let myself relax on my phone/tv/coloring because then I'll get stuck there for hours and definitely wont get any cleaning done. So I'm just sitting here, doing nothing...completely wasting all of my time with my stupid indecisiveness. Soooo if anyone comes across this, pleeeeeaae leave a comment. I dont even care if you dont have a suggestion. If I'm going to just sit and do absolutely nothing, at least the conversation with someone who gets it will help keep me coasting...hopefully. Ugh, happy Monday. Lol