Around 10 months ago, my family adopted a puppy who was a mix between a Labrador and a Basenji. He was a normal puppy for the first few months and my friends adored him and my family quickly fell in love. He was incredibly intelligent, more so than any dog we had ever seen. He could learn new tricks in 30 minutes or less. He understood our commands and I swear he could even understand a little English. As he got bigger, he got scared. He would get nervous doing simple activities he had done before, he would be scared of boxes, brooms, fishing poles, trashcans, and any new item that was brought into the house or backyard. Eventually this terror progressed to our friends and extended family members to the point we had to have him on a leash and put into another room when people came over. He had never shown these behaviors before. We hired a dog trainer to help understand why he was abruptly doing this, as he never showed this aggression to my family in the house. To us he was perfect, until something from the outside world came into the house. Eventually he started lunging at new people and physically could not calm down until they had left. The dog behaviorist could not figure out a solution. No one knew what was wrong with him. In hindsight, we know he lost his mother before he could even see, spent the first few weeks of his life in an animal shelter with much larger dogs who would bark at him incessantly. Eventually, he got too aggressive towards others. We had to make the decision to put him down. I am not at all an emotional guy. My mother likes to joke around that my father and I are like robots. In the vet room, I have never cried as much as I have before, and my father (who I had never seen cry before) wept with me. This situation had been unlike any other I had experienced. However, I knew deep down, we had no control over his behavior. It made me calmer, and it made me strong. I was there for my dog in his final moments. I comforted him. I comforted my family. However death is natural. I know that. Everyone dies in the end. I had always wondered if it came down to it, would I really be able to practice Stoicism when life got hard. And the answer is yes. I feel at peace, and I comforted my family. I introduced to them the ideas of Stoicism. Though life is hard, you must never let it bring you down.