I mean look at the fantastic shit that's made, all the craziness, the good, bad, ugly, elegant, tacky...the tapestry is interweaing realities are amazingly wonderful. Beyond comprehension megamultigenius level.  If I were God's dad, I'd be damn proud of His Creation(s). You don't have to be a religitard to believe there is something we would call God. All this stuff just came from nothing and has always been forever and will probably one day be gone for each of us but no big brains, no math, no machines can ever use any type of logic to answer the question of Okay, cause and effect, bang to crunch but what created it. Then you say if you believe in a God, you say "God did." But then you say, Who created God and the convos is over even if you say God created himself because our limited thinking can't go beyond it's limitations, even in lofty mindsets. It has it's limits; God does not seem to. I'd just like to take a few paragraphs to acknolwedge this fucked up and weirdly wonderful life and reality and tell God, hey man, I'm proud of  you and you should be too even if humility is something you're into...you really need a pat on the back cause this is a damn fine job you did and I imagine you worked pretty fucking hard making this for us. Yeah, thankfulness, respect, honor, that's good but trite and I don't ever hear about anyone being Proud of God's handiwork, just mindless "Proud to be one of God's Children" bullshit the talking heads in pull-pits propagate. Nice Work God, Fine job indeed. Life is rough, tough, and when you think to hard seems to have no rhyme or reason to the nature of it's being but damn is it the most awesome thing ever, reality and the components you programmed to make it all seem like it's not perfect so our free will could question the existence of a beyond prodigy Architect on and in so many levels. I'm proud of you, and a big fan of  your work. P.S. Please don't let me get lost again, and if I do, I'd like some clues back to the path. Respectfully,  Your #1 Fan, -Me.