I just joined this community 2 weeks ago when I realized I had a problem when I would spend on average 1 day a week with my head in a garbage can hungover as f***! I've barely had a chance to really live this new way of life but since I've been trying and super reflective about myself and my ways it has been soo eye opening! I jus had my 30th bday a few days after I joined the group and realized there was a problem with my lifestyle and YES...i got shit faced for my 30th..BUT I wasn't upset at myself after...it just further solidified what I wanted and needed to change! Soo since then, although hasn't been long but I have been very aware of what I'm doing, I've had drinks twice since then and succeeded in only having a few...but noticed how just even a few made me really feel. It was enough! I didn't and don't need to have more. And the more I'm exploring and tasting this much more sober lifestyle...the more I don't even want to drink! Today I woke up early...made my husband breakfast before work...got a bunch of things done before I would normally even wakeup. I am realizing I have soo much more time living this way. I can get up earlier and be soo much more productive! Actually getting things done I want to get done because I'm not wasting my time feeling like shit from having drinks the night before! Yesterday I got all my toys out of the garage (dirtbikes, bicycles, paddle boards) and got everything ready for the season. Felt soo good...felt soo alive...now it's all ready to go whenever I wanna go instead of me last minute..probly a bit hungover, rushing to pump up the tires and trying to leave in a pinch! This sounds like nothing perhaps but it's big for me! I'm just amazed at how in such a short time of exploring this new lifestyle..how much reward there is already and to be had! I have the time I never never thought I had! I can get things done I felt too busy to do before! I feel like I'm excited as hell to be 30 and leave my drunken chaotic 20s behind me! I am sad to say this but I didn't see how unhealthy my thinking was before either. I never thought I could have kids really because I thought how the hell could I be sober and not party for 9 months plus say 6 months of breastfeeding?!? Now I'm soo sad for my old self that I treated that like a normal thought process. It's NOT. I can't believe I let alcohol and partying have that much control over me I would soo easily assume and let the idea/opportunity of having my own damm family be out of reach! NOT ANYMORE...i am loving this small glimpse I've had of this new exciting lifestyle that is soo healthy and natural! And I love this community for being a safe place to get out what we all need to when we need to! Stay strong everyone!