I don’t know if this is meant to be in this sub, but I’m just really sad and need to say it somewhere. I left my boyfriend today after a rough two months of fighting the need for greater attention to his overall balance and well-being and his attentiveness to my needs. I told him on our second date that gaming was my one dealbreaker. I’ve never played any games (other than board and card games), but I’ve seen gaming addiction in my brother and a former roommate and had multiple girlfriends tell me how helpless and distraught and distanced their loved ones’ gaming makes them feel. I’ve never had experience with gaming as a factor in my previous relationships, but I know myself and I don’t have a high tolerance for fighting for a boyfriend’s time and attention or someone using escapism (hence knowing it is my dealbreaker). On that second date, my (now ex) boyfriend told me he played one game and that he almost never played it. It must have triggered him, though, because he then wanted to show me the game so I could learn the story (it was The Last of Us), so I sat through a week of him playing through the game to show me. Over Christmas, he felt stressed about work and bought a motherboard for his broken PC so he could decompress with his other game (news to me at that time) and subsequently introduced me to Star Citizen, into which he’s invested over 1,000£ over the last few years. I felt betrayed because I’m American and was visiting the UK for the holidays and this game suddenly became my competitor for his time. We were doing long distance, so I resented this and it sharply put things into harsh perspective. The first weekend the computer was fixed, I sat in his living room next to him in disbelief that I was visiting and this is how we were spending our time, something I never thought I’d be dealing with as a 32-year old woman with wanderlust and a need to be outside exploring the world. It’s no one’s dream for their relationship. I tried to be supportive, despite having squarely and fairly announced it as a dealbreaker on date 2 because, at this point, I love him (I gather he realized it wouldn’t get him a date 3 if he was honest about his hobby, so he hooked me first). I tried watching him on Discord once I left, I tried listening to him tell me all about the exciting graphics, I even tried to muster up the excitement to entertain the idea of joining him one day - his dream. When I had to return back to the States, I realized that I was unhappy. Every day I had to fight for his undivided attention when I’d call (which is a small window of time each day due to the time difference) and he’d try to convince me he could give the conversation 100% of his attention while both playing and speaking to me, but then ask me to repeat or not actually engage with me. Today, some of his Star Citizen friends re-introduced him to a game he’d played years ago and he was super excited. That’s 3 games now between us and, as he was telling me about it enthusiastically, I felt the fight leave me and so I left him. But I’m so sad.