My first post ever on reddit just FYI. Lol. Yesterday was the day I decided it was time to give up gaming. I had been doing it since the Super Nintendo days. I’ve never seen a problem with it and always enjoyed it. Recently though I’ve found myself not enjoying it as much. I was just playing because that’s what I’ve always done. That’s how I filled my time. For the last year or so I’ve been doing things to improve me for the benefit of me and my family (wife & three girls). I’ve made a ton of changes. Except gaming. It had never interfered with my self improvement my relationship or my kids life’s. That was the story I was telling myself at least. I would play games and neglect things that needed done around the house, expecting my wife to do it. She’s never said anything about me playing games but I know that type of neglect and her expecting to get it done puts unnecessary strain on our relationship. I would be playing games and my kids wanting me to play with them. Not a big deal because I spend a lot of time playing with them anyways. But the way I believe they see it is that their dad is ignoring them to play games and that it’s alright to do that and to ignore tasks that need to be done because playing games and having fun is more important than the tasks that need completed. Basically I felt as I was setting a bad example for them. Anyone that works on self improvement know that gaming is one of them things that has to go. It has so few benefits for the lifestyle we want to lead. It just has to go. So basically yesterday after playing some dbd with my nephews and brother I packed up my Xbox and put it in a closet in the basement. I uninstalled all the games I had on my computer. I still need it for my online courses or I’d stored it  away too. Anyways this ended up being a lot longer than expected. Y’all wish me luck on this. I know it’s my mind looking for reasons to play video games, but I’m worried about what I’m gonna do on my days off from work with all my extra time if all the house work is done and my courses completed.