Hey everybody.  Long-time lurker here.  The past year-and-a-half has been very difficult for me.  Before that time I definitely was a heavy drinker but I didn't feel like I was out of control. But over the past year and a half not only did I get promoted to being manager of the cafe I was working out. But I also purchased my own house for the first time. I had been living at my parents in order to save money for a down payment and to pay off some student debt. And partly it was the stress of purchasing a house along with my new responsibilities at work. But also it was the freedom that came with having my own place and also I was living with my brother who is also an alcoholic and was my drinking buddy at the time. Over the course of late 2018 and 2019 I descended into drinking everyday. On my days off I would drink in the morning. Saw my brother and dad do it a million times and I thought why not? Around last fall I began to realize that I really had a problem. I asked my brother to move out so that I could try to get a handle on my drinking alone. I also began Renovations on my house. Renovations that I started into got a little bit out of hand and turned into virtually a gut rehab job of the home that I had purchased which is nearly a hundred and seven years old. I began to just work myself to death at work and working on my place. I used drinking and smoking to cope. And then suddenly a few months back I started having trouble breathing every time I drank. I tried to come up with reasons that it might not be the beers fault. But it kept getting worse and worse. One night it was so bad that I had to have my brother on the phone to talk me through my breathing attack and to make sure that I didn't collapse and pass out from lack of oxygen. Thus started my gradual weaning off of alcohol. I was able to go a couple days at first and then I'd relapse. Then gradually the time I spent not drinking increased. But strangely enough the allergic like reactions continued . I started getting them from other things like coffee or just from eating. It really began to freak me out and I figured that the first thing I should try cutting out is the alcohol. So that is why I feel like I cheated at quitting. My health seemed to be in immediate Danger. I always knew that there were theoretical health risks to drinking alcohol. But I figured that those wouldn't affect me until years later when I was in my fifties or sixties Maybe. I'm 37 now. But now that I've managed to quit for 22 days I feel so much better. My health is improving. I'm eating healthy food again. I'm working out again. When I told my employers that I was having health problems and that it was getting difficult for me to do my job. They basically told me that I can either keep doing what I'm doing or they would be fine if I just quit. I've been with the company for six years. Because I'm sober I was able to calmly realize that they don't actually care for me as a person. And because I'm sober I'm able to calmly and confidently search for a new job. I'm actually really excited to start a new chapter in my life. So thank you for all your  stories showing me that not only is quitting possible but that it changes your life. It saves your life. IWNDWYT friends.