So I went on a double date a few weeks ago with my best friend, her boyfriend and my best friend’s friend. We had been talking for a week or so and had a really nice time. He ended up ghosting me which is fine because tbh I’m not really interested in a relationship or hooking up, I just went because my friend wanted me to and he was funny and cute. I was super nervous and maybe it didn’t go as well as I thought even if he said he had a nice time and we talked for a few days after (he just broke up with his gf of like 6 years so I feel like they probably got back together or something), but I didn’t feel like a jackass afterwards so that’s cool!!! I was a little nervous at first but we just bantered and teased each other and made jokes about the museum and other things so it was really nice. Contrast to another date I went on... omg this is so embarrassing I don’t even wanna type it. I almost hope this post gets buried because it’s sooooooooo bad. But I went to a coffee shop with this guy and felt the need to get drunk before the date, and to bring two bottles of wine in my fucking purse... We were planning on fucking, so I decided to bring two, one for me and one for both of us I guess??? But they were very audibly clinking around in my purse and I was just a fucking drunk mess. We took a walk and the date ended quickly and he kind of called me an alcoholic afterwards... I don’t think he was wrong lol. But like I didn’t see anything wrong with it!? I was just like omg I got drunk and ruined a date classic me! Looking back on it now, I’m HUMILIATED... I also think about all of the dangerous situations I put myself in as a teenager getting wasted before and on dates, going out with grown men with nefarious and disgusting intentions just because I knew they’d get me booze... And I’m pretty proud of my sober day at the museum! It was much better than any of the previously mentioned DISASTERS, and it felt good to get out of my comfort zone! It feels nice to be able to look back on me being a sloppy drunk and not feel crushing guilt anymore, but just like omg I was such a mess, I’m so happy I’m sober now!!! Coming up on a year and feeling better than I have in my entire life! IWNDWYT!!!