Put down the bat. Don’t beat yourself up anymore. Cigarettes are not the worst thing to be addicted to. Cigarettes won’t make you black out and crash your car into someone’s bedroom, killing the sleeping occupant. I read about that in my local newspaper. It takes cigarettes longer than other substances to maim and kill you. That’s one of the reasons it’s hard to quit. It’s hard to see your life is unmanageable from smoking cigarettes in the beginning. But once you see your life has become unmanageable from the smoking, the question becomes how do you stop? Another question is how do you remember the progression and eventual suffering cigarettes caused when you’re feeling emotional and think one puff might not hurt? Personally, I use the 14 mg patches right now and find I need to supplement with zyn pouches when I have a craving to give me a nicotine boost. When I went down to 7 mg patches, I had terrible cravings. How I get through my emotions right now is to listen to Eckhart Tolle, a spiritual teacher. I need some peace in my life real bad. Especially now that I have a huge hole to fill that smoking created. I live in a cold area so I try to walk when it’s warmer but find I can’t exercise as much as I’d wish. I love to hike. Simple movement, cleaning or walking, while listening to music has helped me. I went to my university’s quit smoking program and got helpful advice about certain tricks to quitting that can help. I use a quit smoking app too. I’m invested in my quitting and take advantage of the internet. Cinnamon is pivotal. But I guess the best thing to do when you’re sad is to take action. Listen to an audio book on spirituality. Practice breathing meditation. None of us want to do it but in the end we are responsible for our internal well being. You’re not alone. So many want to quit. No one dreamed their lives would turn out this way. It’s ok to grieve. Allow the emotions to come and then to go. You’ve numbed them with smoking until smoking didn’t work anymore and now you’re left with you. The mind is a battlefield. It manufactures misery. Smoking only shut it off temporarily. Give your mind a bone to chew on: puzzles, books, art, music, games, social time. Then give your mind a rest: dwell in the present moment without judgment, meditate, pray to whatever you may believe in, take naps.