I tried posting at the CGAA forum but I hardly get an answer, so I thought I would post here too and get involved in the discussion.  I am/have been addicted to gacha game Another Eden and have lost thousands of dollars on it, as well as much time I will never get back that will possibly cost me my career.  This game is highly addictive and should be labeled as a poison.  It had been years since I gamed and I was not aware of what a gacha game is or how corrupt the industry as a whole has gotten since I stopped years ago.  I got back into JRPGs made by Kemco and Square that you pay $20 for and you own the game, and I thought that is what AE was since it was recommended by Google as "Editor's Choice" on the same page with the other JRPGs.  Little did I know the game would hook me into a gambling addiction that would get me to spend thousands gambling at extremely high prices for very little odds.  People claim that you can beat the game on free units alone, but that isn't true since that is how they make their money.  After my last binge of $600 I decided to stop, I have been seeking help now for the past two weeks.  Some at CGAA have recommended I attend some of their meetings, and I thought I would try talking to you guys for support as well.  I would also like to see if you recommend these meetings as well.  Since gacha was mentioned in another post on here it sounds like you guys are up to date on this sort of thing.  I just want to be able to get to a place where I can stop it for good.  I don't know how I was this gullible to get suckered into a scam like this, and why I couldn't see it was a scam from the start.  Looking back I see how I used cognitive dissonance to justify losing hundreds of dollars at a time.  I just couldn't see all of the toxic elements in the game or how they were manipulating me.  I could get into the deceptive tricks they use and manipulation, but I'm sure you guys know all too well how they do.  If you guys would prefer, I can link to the post on the CGAA forum I've been posting in, or if you guys think I explained it well enough I'd like to get any suggestions or comments you may have.  Now that I know what gacha is I think it should be heavily regulated or totally banned, at least some of the techniques they use should be looked at.  It was not labeled as something that requires the heavy gambling, and appears to be no different than a classic Final Fantasy game on the surface, which is why I think I was so quick to fall for it.  I also did not realize how they use the internet to manipulate and how expensive and addicting the gambling gets.  If I can ever stop for good I will never touch another video game again as long as I live since I know they can't be trusted and waste valuable resources like time and money.