Good morning! I just wanted to share this with someone as I’m a bit lonely, I think we all are. I don’t have a lot of people in my life, I don’t go to AA or support groups, I was more of a spontaneous quitter than someone who wrestled with quitting and relapsed and tried again and again. I never had any desire to stop or saw any reason to, until one day I just did. It’s still been hard;m, early sobriety being the worst part. Oooof the feelings! But this quarantine has been getting to me. Like I said, I’m usually alone anyways, I work from home, don’t have a car, but I love to go see concerts, go on trips, thrifting, antiquing, other things I enjoyed that gave me some social interaction and satisfaction with the obscene amount of cash I saved from. It poisoning myself. Anyways, I’ve been feeling really cooped up and frustrated.  I know we all are, but I was pretty unphased at first. I like solitude and enjoy doing things alone, but the anxiety and loneliness is starting to get to me. I’ve been tempted to drink. I know it’s just to fill the void left by the lack of doing the fulfilling things I love, seeing the few friends I have, seeing my family, and also seeing what feels like everyone on social media drink at 11 am and romanticize alcohol, having ads for wine delivered to your door pop up on social media, etc etc. I know I just want some stress relief and to tune out of everything that’s going on, to feel numb and blissful and happy. And I know that drinking and using would only create a bigger void, make me feel horrible and guilty, cause me extreme stress and sadness, but fuck if the little devil on my shoulder isn’t trying to tell me a few glasses of wine or a joint won’t kill me, it’ll make me feel better! I deserve it after being almost a year sober, I deserve it dealing with the quarantine, I deserve it for working so hard. I know it’s all bullshit, but it’s weird being sucked back into this backwards ass way of thinking. I guess I’m just feeling desperate and anxious and cooped up. But again we all are. Anyways here’s to the next two weeks sober af, and then a whole year sober, no matter what the alcohol monster in my mind says! IWNDWYT