At least for me, my life has been a tug of war between sobriety and recklessly spending money away in drunken states. I’m not afraid or embarrassed to admit that I’ve got a job that pays north of $40k a year and only pay for car insurance and student loans (I’m rent free currently) and struggled two years with literally going check to check just boozing it all away. It’s amazing, the cumulative effect of drinking and money management. It snowballed. I was most depressed being in this state, not having rent and STILL trying to find ways to string together checks without having to ask for money. This is what made me most desperate to stop. Now I will admit I have kind of been teetering back and forth and disappointed that I’m not 5 months sober instead of 2 days, but I have slowly gained control and aside from a couple of benders have been MOSTLY sober for 5 months. But the risk of throwing it all away isn’t just a personal finance issue where I could fall into old habits. What if I got a DUI? I’d be screwed out of all the progress I’ve made. After two years of genuinely struggling with this disease I’ve managed to save $8,000, which doesn’t sound like a lot and the best part is I keep telling myself it isn’t. Being in control of everything mentally means being in control of my security and creates more mental bandwidth for smart decision making. I recall being four days drunk to the wind and literally “feeling” too stressed out to log in to pay my bills which would take 5 minutes tops. I had an embarrassing amount of unpaid bills and notices from my student loan venders about nearing delinquency for not being motivated to be responsible because, at my worst, every day was a day to spend $20 on a case of beer and “worry about the bills later.” It’s a tale that’s tough to tell and admit it’s me, but when my mind tries to tell me I don’t have a drinking problem because “I’m not physically dependent” I need to remind myself but I’m still dependent on my own decision making and responsibilities! And with booze, those get fractured and ruined. I am 30 years old, a few months past my birthday, and ready to really take charge of my life in the coming months. I’m already pretty proud of the leaps I’ve made but true sobriety is the goal and the above scenario is the driving force.