Recently I stopped drinking.  I made it from Jan 6 to Feb 7.  After that I had about 5 beers (2 sat and sun one Monday). Honestly, it was because before I decided to quit drinking for a bit, I had purchased a mix pack and I had wanted to at least taste some of the beers in the mix pack which could go bad over a year.  (They are ipas deteriorate with age) I tasted (literally a sip) about four or five different beers and poured the remainder of the bottle out just because I wanted to get the taste of them and not have them go to waste.  After that, I returned to not drinking, and I haven't drank since then.  think that I had an unhealthy relationship with alcohol at the time, and that it's something that I'm changing. I don't think I'm an alcoholic, because in the past I've been able to moderate my drinking whenever I chose to. For example I drank once as an underage person in college when I was 17 yeah, and didn't drink again until I turn 21. additionally I've been able to moderate to try to lose weight, before I decided to stop drinking this year, I reduced my input from about six beers a week to two or three.  When I was drinking 6 beers a week it was never more than three a day then usually, it was one or two during the week three on Friday and then one on Sunday before work.  Some weeks I drink less than that.  my goal, is to make it until about December or November, before I make a decision on whether I want to introduce moderate drinking into my life again. Most of the time I'm pretty okay, but sometimes on weekends I get angry over the fact that I can't have a beer. I used to go to breweries a lot as a social event and as a way to unwind after work. And I just kind of miss that aspect of being a young professional.  the anger usually subsides after about an hour or so and I find something else to do. But it also makes me feel bad.  I've been very lonely recently in my life, and my alcohol consumption experiencing up tech because of that. I'm not ready to swear off alcohol for the rest of my life, but I am ready to acknowledge that it needs to take less of a central role in my life, and that before I drink again, I need to develop the non-drinking core of my life.