I think I have a problem but would want some advice. I’ve gone through various forms of drinking , I’ve had times when I was younger I would drink 6 days a week. I’ve had times where I may only drink on the weekends. I’ve never been a morning drinker, and I’ve never had physical withdraw. However I do find I’m always moody, and I think about alcohol very frequently, and am always kind of “working for the weekend”. There have been times I’ve had to call into work hungover, or still drunk, though that hasn’t happened in a while. When I was quarantined there were weeks I was drinking almost every night, and weeks where I didn’t really drink at all. Now that I’m back to work I mainly just drink on the weekends, but my issue is when I do drink. I just don’t stop. I get to the point where I have to keep drinking until I literally drink myself to sleep. Otherwise I’m too awake to sleep, but too drunk to  even turn on the tv, let alone even begin go be coherent enough to pay attention. I basically just lay in a dark quiet room, out of my mind. Unable to talk, or focus, or even really move. Just completely out of it. Just out of my mind, Waiting to finally fall asleep. I’m getting to the point where I don’t enjoy it anymore. I find myself drinking less frequently than I used to because I’ve gotten to the point where I hate it and it takes such a toll on me, but still basically every weekend. And when I do I still drink to the point I mentioned before. I want to quit but don’t really know how to define myself. I know I probabaly have a problem but am hesitant to say I’m an alcoholic, not because I’m afraid to admit it, but because I don’t want to feel like a fraud saying I’m one when I’m not loaded morning noon and night. Another thing is I drink really fast. I may have 15 -20 drinks a week (I’m not really sure, I don’t count but I bought a handle last sunday and it’s a little over half gone after 3 days of drinking on it, Last Sunday, Then Friday, and last night, Saturday. I had a couple beers in there too) but it may be 8-10 in the span of a few hours Friday night and Saturday night Each. Does this sound like alcoholism? Binge drinking? Is Binge drinking a form of alcoholism? I’d love any advice. I’m not naive, you don’t post on here asking these questions if everything is fine and dandy. I just need help more learning and understanding exactly what this is.  Thanks, and sorry for the long winded post.