I’ve made a few posts here on day one, but never managed to make it to day two. Starting Friday morning, I finally broke my pint-of-vodka per day drinking streak. I was terrified I may have physical withdrawals but thank goodness I seem to be in the clear. There are many reasons I allowed myself to get to this point: I have a history of addiction (spent most of my 20s addicted to heroin, got clean for 10 years, briefly relapsed following a car accident but the relapsed triggered a depression that has never really quit.) I think I knew that I was always at risk of being a problem drinker, but managed to keep a lid on it until 2 years ago when my drinking went from heavy - but-mostly-social to a daily thing.  Just wanted to thank everyone who has shared their stories here. I lurked in this sub for ages in a state of quiet terror and isolation, getting comfort from reading other peoples experiences. And especially the kind folks who replied to my previous posts. Although I was never quite able to do it, each attempt inched me closer and each encouraging message helped me along the path. I am very aware that this is just the beginning now, and the real work is starting... but having 5 days under my belt is a huge psychological win for me. My depression feels like it’s easing and I’m feeling physically much better. Every day, from around 3pm-6pm the cravings get intense, and sometimes I just have to go lie down and try to sleep otherwise I’m afraid I’m gonna crack and hit the liquor store.... but I’m hoping this will lessen with time if I keep doing the right thing. What really made a difference this time was being honest with my wife. I told her what was up, and although she knew I wasn’t right, I’m very good at hiding my drunkenness (or I thought I was) so she wasn’t sure if my condition was the medication I was on, my depression, or what. But I’m her own words she told me it was like I just “wasn’t there” recently. Just an empty shell of myself, completely gone inside. That was really hard to hear but the fact that she listened and understood and promised to help me was the key to getting me through it this time, this far. This really is a disease that thrives on secrecy. I knew that shit from my dope days but I guess I thought I could cheat the house just one last time... more fool me. Anyway, that’s all. I’m just grateful to be sober this morning. And I’m gonna do everything in my power to go to bed sober tonight, for my own sanity, for my family, for all that good stuff. Thanks everyone for listening, this really is an amazing community. Be safe out there, and of course.... I will not drink with you today x