Last Sunday I woke up in jail with my second DUI. I have been struggling with alcohol addiction for a while but have managed to stay out of trouble for the last 8 years. There were many times durring the past where my relationships (girlfriends and family)  have been negatively affected by my drinking. I would just tell myself that I made a mistake and that I would work on cutting back but it never lasted long.  My first DUI was when I was 19 (I'm 27 now) and it put my family through hell. I totaled my car and racked up a few other misdemeanor charges. I stopped drinking for 8 months but eventually started up again. Through the years I progressivly started drinking more and more and eventually got to the point where I would start ocasionally drinking  in the morning after a night out. Fast forward a few more years and waking up after a night out I would start nursing the hangover as soon as I got up. I was not drinking every day maybe 4 days out of the week and would only have a bender on the weekends. I would always have this voice in my head telling me I need to stop but I would just tell myself that it's ok and I got this under control. There were times where I would stop for a week but I always kept coming back to the bottle. I enjoyed the escape and not having to worry about any problems that I might be having with at the time. Whenever I drank nothing good ever came out of it. The amount of stuff I have lost (phones, watches, hats etc.) I would write off as oh well it was a fun night. Blacking out was a very common occurence for me and I got used to it that it never seemed wrong. Sunday morning when I woke up in jail it was the first time I woke up and said to myself, "I'm done with this shit. All alcohol has done for me has caused problems it's not worth it anymore." It took me years to finally admit to myself that I have a drinking problem. I was always too afraid to admit it to myself. I need to give up drinking for good. I finally feel like I have the power to do this. I know I will be facing some jail time and  burning through my savings because of this. However I am happy. Money is important but what is more important than money is my health and relationships with my family and friends. I am finally ready to make the step into sobriety and I know I can do it. I will be starting outpatient treatment soon as well as attending AA meetings. Alcohol had taken over my life and now I am finally ready to take back what it took from me. Much love to everyone out there and I know I have a difficult journey ahead. I just can't take it anymore and it's time to start a new chapter in my life. If you are reading this and are thinking about wanting to stop drinking. Look back and see what alcohol has done for you and that should answer your question for you. Finally admitting to myself I need help was one of the hardest things I have done. But it can be done. Goodbye alcohol and hello to a new life.