I went out to a party for the first time in probably about 8 months. Let me preface this by saying I'm young(20m) but the years after I graduated high school I partied pretty much every weekend which. I've always had social anxiety so whenever I went out I had to drink. This has led to a couple of embarrassing nights. Nights wherever I've fought, blacked out and done super embarrassing shit, and just pure stupidy. Nights I seriously regret and make me feel like a shitbag human being. So I've stopped drinking and going out. I've been pretty much just working and that's it, well I was up having some really tough times with my thoughts. So I said to myself lets go for a ride whilst in the middle of the ride my phones blowing up and its all my buddies saying come to so and so. I usually make up some bullshit excuse and don't go. Well, tonight I said fuck it and went over, saw people I haven't seen in a couple of months to a year. I didn't drink at all and the night was going well, people were telling me how much they missed me and hyping me up you know how it goes around, drunk people. None of my friends know I'm going through some mental issues, and they're bringing up crazy times that we've had together. Honestly, none of it was bothering me and it actually made me feel better, being asked how come they haven't seen in me so long and all this other shit. As soon as I got home I was just overcome by the feeling of shame and guilt. The shame of the shit I've done drunk, and the guilt of some of the shit I've said to people. I don't know, I know deep down I'm not a shit person. But some of the things I've done fights, being a dick to people, etc haunts me. I've told the people I was a dick to sorry and such. I just can't get away from these thoughts though. Especially knowing that some people only know of me in that light haunts me. I'm ashamed of myself, self-conscious, and anxiety-ridden 24/7. Going out tonight made me not feel lonely but it reminded me as to why I don't like myself, nobody treated me any type of way or made me feel that way it's just morally I feel like a shitbag for the mistakes I've made. I let my mistakes take over everything in my life, I never remind myself of the good shit I've done only the bad. I ask all my friends, and family if they think I'm a piece of shit or a laughing stock and they say no and chalk it up to being young and dumb but I just cant get over it  Now I'm back to hating myself and being ashamed. I'm going to seek professional help once this pandemic is over but this has consumed me for the past year...