This may sound a bit uneducated, I am not in the right mindset right now. All my life I have been depressed and have always felt as if I never belonged, blah blah blah. Fast forward to now I am 19 years old. I hit rock bottom at the beginning of the year and slit my wrist open and was hospitalized twice in a week because of being suicidal. (After this I got kicked out of my house) I smoked 24/7 no matter where I was before everything I did etc. my parents are divorced, and what I am about to explain is why I feel as if I am struggling with addiction. My dad has been an alcoholic since the day he was 15. He is 53 years old now. His eyes are turning yellow and he has been in rehab so many times and always does so good but then relapses. He is such a great lerson and it kills me every time to watch him struggle because of how bad his addiction is. He has addictive personality as do I. I have never felt like I belonged anywhere. Since I got kicked out of my house I lived at a "friends" who wasn’t a smart choice to be around/live with at such a hard time in my life. While living with him I chose to go out and party every night feeling bad for myself. Then I ran into a close friends family who I hadn’t talked to in awhile and they took me in. I am now living in a beautiful house. With an amazing family that knows how to take care of me and who has made me feel truly loved and accepted. But not I have started to feel that I am taking advantage of them as I did my parents when I lived with them, not coming home at nifht making up excuses and lying. But to the point when I quit smoking weed (had been dependent on it for 3 years 24/7) I began drinking. I drink all the time. Everyone I hang with and meet always wants to get drunk. And I’ve also started doing cocaine.. I have no self control and feel as if I am relapsing so hard. I have been living with the family for about 2 months now and was happy for the first time and went from feeling suicidal everyday to happy for the first time in my life. Now I’m right back where I was before. I need help . I want to talk to someone anyone who understands