So I started smoking socially 4 years ago, didnt like it too much and didnt even mind having one here and there. But then after a year I had to move cities and new job was lots of stress and lots of working from home. I had not much office social life and needed something to as a short break to relax, making coffee or tea would take too much time which I didnt have. Over the few years I quit successfully once but after few months of not even thinking about it I had relapse while vacationing abroad. Friends there didnt know I had quit and got it for me when they got their packs. I thought I am on vacation what the hell and will not smoke on homeland. But as you all know that doesnt happen so easily. Fast forward Dec last year, I decided to try vaping as exchange form of nic and getting out of habit of smoking. While making the switch I ensured I used low nicotine juice. It was a different life which I had no idea of, I could satisfy my habit without smelling and tasting gross. I soon realised how bad it smells and how I had to be aware of my proximity to others just in case the smell is there. I am pretty sure the smell was there. I used to smoke a pack in two days. Anyway over time I switched to lower and lower and finally 0 nicotine juices. And then one day I realised that I had not even thought about the vape or smoking in two days. That was a big achievement. Finally my mind was free. Today its been over 6 months. The self isolation and all this covid madness has been a little easier knowing I didnt have to crave for smokes and try to go crazy in order to find them during isolation. I still have my vape and many flavoured juices. I dont need them now. But I do keep them as a reminder of how far I have come. I wanted to share my story cos I know many people here might not have quit yet and might be looking for options other than going cold turkey. I tried that, i even tried nic chews but nothing else worked. So just in case you want to know other ways here’s one that worked for me.