 I am so shaken up. All day yesterday I had been hearing about the tragic story of 7 kids being run down by a drunk driver of which 4 died. I was so heartbroken for the family of the poor children and I mentioned that as terrible as the situation was I also felt so bad for the driver who would have to live with that terrible mistake for the  rest of his life.
I was just sent an article from a family member with a photo of my childhood best friend being lead off in handcuffs asking me "is this your mate?" I read the title of the article and wanted to be sick. I have never had such a horrible feeling wash over me. The sadness I felt for the situation, for everyone involved. I know I shouldn't have sympathy for someone who took the lives of 4 kids but behind all the shit that he caused is a very fragile, vulnerable and caring individual who will never be able to undo what he has done. And he was one of us. A sick individual who medicated himself with alcohol. And behind him is a wonderful caring family with whom I spent many fun childhood days playing and laughing. A family who has already been through so much pain from the loss of their oldest daughter from cystic fibrosis years ago. Now their only other child is locked up after such a tragic accident. I have never felt such raw pain for others than I have today. Tragic things happen all the time but having it happen involving a person who has been such a big part of my life has made it feel so real. I cant stop thinking about the poor family who lost their kids. It is unbelievably heartbreaking. I can't imagine it. I can't stop thinking about my friend's parents- such wonderful people. And I cant stop thinking about my mate. He would be so alone. So scared. And so regretful. I am so, so angry at him but I know that despite this horrible decision to drink and drive he is actually a good guy. We had actually been talking about our own struggles witg addiction not too long ago. He seemed to be doing really well but on finding out this information I opened up my messages from him and found that he had tried to contact me recently and I hadnt seen it. He had moved from a town a few hours  away to one nearby. He also reached out and hinted to me that he had gone downhill. I never saw it and never replied. I wonder if fate would have been different if I had seen and replied to his message. I feel like I should be doing something but I dont know what. I keep seeing media articles demonising him and and playing him off as a party animal etc but there was so much more to him. He was sick. Like us. I can understand why people hate him and want him dead. I can see why people want him to rot in hell but the truth is what happened was a tragidy. He made a stupid mistake while drunk. Something all of us here have done. I know that this could be alot of us here on this sub. I know it could have been me. I am absolutely gutted. The pain of this entire situation is absolutely sickening. Half of me wants to drink and the other half of me is absolutely revolted at even thinking about drinking in light of these events. I know I am rambling but I needed to get this off my chest. Thankyou for taking the time to read this.