It was night. A sharp noise came from the radio, it would have been perceived as a glitch in the cheap thing, if not for the barely discernible static hidden within the noise. A mans voice came over next. The voice sounded trained, like it new exactly what to say, and had said it a million times. “Extreme wind storms, near Twain county, and Irisho county.” The transmission halted, and “I gotta feeling” by the Black Eyed Peas resumed slightly after the point it left off before the transmission. Julia was worried, she grabbed Christopher’s right hand which was resting and the gear shift located in-between their two seats. “Calm down. At any sign of bad weather they send these things out, cause of they don’t, and some serious damage does happen, the insurance companies can get the state to give the victims their insurance money. The state doesn’t want to pay it so the-“ he was cut of by a familiar noise. It was the radio. The mans voice came back over. “Ex-Extreme thunder storms near Twain county, and Irisho County.” This time the man sounded scared, more scared than Julia who was perilously close to tears. He sounded like he wanted to run, but knew he couldn’t. His automated voice which knew the lines perfectly had transformed to that of a man who was reading aloud but had his mind on something else. Like a kid in bed being read a book but who’s mind was preoccupied with the dark abyss of the closet. The voice then said “If you are in a car, pull over and lye down in the back of the vehicle.” Now the man sounded genuinely terrified. “Christopher, pull over.” Yelled Julia. Christopher was silent for a few moments. During those moments he contemplated the situation. They were in Oregon, in Twain County. The we’re returning from a long trip to the mountains. They were still partially in the mountains that they were descending, and this part of Oregon is not very civilized, and from their location they could see no sign of human civilization apart from the road under their tires. To their left was a drop, hundreds of feet. And to their right was the steep incline of the mountain. If the were to pull over, it would do no good. He also thought about the mans voice, and how the man sounded fearful for his life. The situation must have been truly serious. A primordial fear resonated through his mind. He attempted to elevate it by smoking. His lighter was custom made by his best friend Robert who was an engineer. It was able to be refueled, had a bottle opener on the side and a box cutter on the end. He lit his cigarette and inhaled deeply. Julia now sensed his fear. They both sensed each other’s fear, which made them more fearful, like a game they kept passing their worried glances to each other, every time seeming more worried. The process continued until they were both frantic. The incline to the right of them sloped downward into a plain. The long drop to the left of them remained. Christopher immediately pulled over. Right as he stopped the car the heard a noise, no not the radio, but a strike of lightning, on the road exactly where they were, seconds ago. Julia screamed. Christopher got out of the car, and darted behind a tree. She ran after him. The car was pushed by the wind, and toppled over on its side. Lightning strikes followed at rapid speed. The light of each one illuminated the area. At certain points, there were so many strikes in rapid succession that the area was lit up for upwards of 7 seconds. They heard the thunder and felt the heat from the cracking trees which were struck nearby. Julia thought her phone was dead, but she had to try. She grabbed at the pocket of her shorts feeling for her phone, but she left it in the car. She ran out of the dense forest, with speeds, which Christopher observed to be worthy of a God. She reached through the shattered window blindly groping for her phone. She found it, grabbed it and began to run back. Christopher was too terrified to look at her. His demeanor had been reverted to that of a child hiding from the monsters that lurked in the dark by closing his eyes. Christopher closed his eyes. And he held them shut, not daring to look. He heard another noise, not lightning, and certainly not the radio. It was the sound of Julia screaming. The wind increased, and the trees that were set ablaze either fell down, or got chilled to the point where their fires went out. Christopher was likewise chilled, but by her scream. He looked, she was lying on the ground, seizing, there were blue lines all across her body. She had been struck by lightning. His adrenaline finally kicked in and he ran to her, and picked her up within the blink of an eye and took cover behind a tree. The flying debris had cut him all over his body, and he was beginning to think he might die there, where he was sitting. He heard Julia’s raspy breaths. And then it all stopped. The storm subsided, and all was quiet. The only noises were that of his heartbeat and her arduous gasps. He looked out past the the decline of the mountain past the road. The sun was beginning to rise. It was still not visible, because it was hidden behind the trees. It shone yellowed light upon the clouds and deep blue upon the sky. The trees and all other flora were silhouetted by the light. The wind had sewn the clouds into wild shapes like ink in water. The clouds and newfound color washed away the liquid night. Christopher thought of he and Julia. They had known each other their whole lives, the were nearly exactly the same age, only separated by 6 days, and had been best friends for as long as he could remember. They had gotten married 3 years ago, and he could only think about what he would have done if he’d lost her. She was funny, easily frightened, and extremely loving. He was funny, never very serious, but would do whatever needed to be done to protect the ones he loved, her most especially. They accented each other’s personalities so well. He was happy, and most of all relieved. He was so caught up in his deep sense of gratitude and calmness that he neglected something that he had just noticed. The raspy breaths had stopped. He looked over to see his lighter, box cutter end first, stuck in her chest, propelled their by the harsh gusts of wind. Her shirt was rusty with blood and her eyes were cold and empty. She had died. Christopher sobbed into her lifeless corpse as the sun continued to rise. The calm of the storm had just been stopped, and the long relief caused by the calmness was in fact the cause of her death, he was to caught up in the beauty to look at was made him so grateful. He still had to try he carried her body 17 miles to the nearest hospital, his sandals had fallen off sometime, and by the time he’d gotten their, the skin on his bare feet had been ripped off by the rough pavement. He sat there, after the doctor told him there was nothing they could do, for hours. Then he snapped. The only thing he found true joy and comfort and love in had just been slaughtered by the cruel unjust world. He drove home and shot himself in the head. There is no calm of a storm.