This is the story of my past, it's a true one with some tinkering to make it better. It's a very long story but believe it'll be worth it.   My life changed a lot since that incident. I became a different person, and I still do every year.   It all started when I was in third grade of elementary school. It was summer vacation and I was passing to the next grade. And that’s when I saw it; A PSP. And a very specific game was playing, it was Naruto Shippuden Ultimate Ninja Impact. And the person holding the game was a girl. Her name’s “Sayori Ritsu”. Now she was a Japanese girl with dyed pink hair. Or so it should have been but it got dull due to bad caring. She was almost my height (she was short). And she was ALWAYS smiling. Not a single time did I see her cry. She did get a bit pissed off from time to time but she always ends it with a laugh. We were best friends PERIOD.    I didn’t realize it but Sayori was her last name and I kept calling her that for 2 years until she pointed it out. She was also two years older than me, about the same age as my sister. But they had nothing in common. So most of the time we hang out together, playing Naruto on the PS2 or on the PSP when I first got it in fifth grade. And we had a LOT of fun. She introduced me to anime, music, video games, and how it feels to get my ass beat up by her in almost Every.Single.Game.     But things weren’t looking good for her.   First of all, her parents were divorced for 3 years. They didn’t get along so they decided to get things over with. But they didn’t. They did get divorced, but they still lived together. All.Year. That was a mistake. They wanted to stay with each other for “her sake” so she can have a “normal childhood”. And THAT was the greatest mistake they have committed. They didn’t get along, and her mom was quite violent. Which caused a shit ton of other problems. The father was a worker at Sony Corporation. And her mother, well, she was a stripper. And she leeched on her father like… I'ma just let you imagine it. And this affected her a lot. And in the summer of my fourth grade(Next Year), I started noticing some “off” behavior from her and her parents. They were screaming at each other, the mom was hitting the father, and she was in the middle of all of this. When I asked her about it she just shrugged it and said: They’re just playing.    And school was no different. Because of these two idiots, a lot of scenes have been caused. And her reputation fell headfirst to the biggest pile of crap you can imagine. Her social life, her grades, EVERYTHING went down in the worst possible way. And the worst part is that she was to blame, no matter what THEY did, she was always at fault. And after about two years of that, she finally snapped.   In the summer of my sixth grade, EVERYTHING changed for me. She started to cry at random times when she was alone, laugh randomly, and even started to hit me… She finally gave up. She had nothing left, except for me. I was just an innocent kid, living his life. Throwing rasengans at my friends, and that basically sums it up. And at that time I didn’t have a phone. I had a computer, a PSP, and a PS2. And that’s it. So the only time we see or talk to each other was during summer vacation. So for her, I was her last hope. She decided that she will open up to her best friend and seek out help. Now keep in mind that I couldn’t speak English at first. we communicated by drawing pictures or pointing at random objects. That was 3rd grade. Then I learned a bit of English just so we can talk a little. And little by little, we were getting closer and closer together, understanding each other better, and more. But there was still a huge way for me to go. And then, on that fateful night, it happened. She opened up for me, and told me about everything. She was crying really badly, sobbing every second. That was the very first time I saw it. I, who has known her to be always smiling, witnessed firsthand how corrupt she has gotten. But, I… was nothing more than an innocent kid, a wimp. So even though I was hit by surprise, I… didn’t get it. I simply didn’t. And for her, that was it. She told me:” Rami, the thing is, I’ve had really bad depression for as long as I can remember. Did you know that? I guess you didn’t. Why do you think I wake up late every day, no matter what? Why do you think I refuse to go out with you to a lot of places?   \- because you don’t like heat?   \- hah… That is so like you. No. It’s actually because most days, I can’t even find a reason to get out of bed. What reason is there when I fully know how worthless I am? Why go to school if I’m only gonna get bullied? Why eat? Why make friends if they’re gonna leave me anyways? Why make other people put their energy and caring to waste by having them spend it on me? That’s what it feels like, at least that’s what I think. And that’s why I want to make everyone happy, without having to worry about me.   And you know what I did? Nothing… FUCKING NOTHING! I JUST STOOD THERE ABLAZE WATCHING HER CRY!!! “I was just an innocent kid” MY ASS. YOU CAN GO SUCK ON A PLATAPYS DICK 6th GRADE RAMI. But after a bit of time, I tried to calm her down and say “it’s all gonna be fine”. fuck me and my stupidity. “it’s all gonna be fine”? IS THAT ALL YOU FUCKING GOT YOU FUCKING RETARD!!! She kept crying… no matter how hard I tried to comfort her, She just kept crying while looking at the ground. And then, she said her last words to me in Japanese (I know that you can’t read Japanese Bechir so I’m gonna write how it sounds like.)    \- ” Sayonara, Rami.”   …………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………………..All my life she told me “mattanai” which means “see you next time” But this time she said sayonara… “goodbye”. Now that I think about it, she really meant what she said. I know exactly what she meant, what she needed, what she wanted to hear, I know exactly how to save her. But it’s too late, and I had to learn that the hard way. The next day, at around 9 AM, I took my PSP and went over to her house. In front of the house, there was an ambulance. And her parents were crying, A LOT. I shrugged it off. And I went to her room… And there I saw her, laying on the floor, her eyes lifeless, dead, her skin-colored blue from suffocating, her neck bleeding… she was “sleeping”… She committed suicide, by hanging herself to death… I stood there doing absolutely nothing. I watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched, and watched… “oh. It’s 5 PM. I better go home” I said that then I went home. The next day I went there and did the same thing hoping to see her again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again, and again and again… I lost track of the days. And that marks July the 16th. The Beginning.    But I couldn’t keep on staying depressed. I decided to move on. But I didn’t. I always was a crybaby, but I never cried at her death. Because she “was not dead” and “she’s living in my heart”. huh. What a weeb. But that doesn’t mean that I didn’t change or get affected by this. From that day forward, I was scared of messing up. Of being dense, stupid, retarded, confused. So I took an oath to never repeat it, an oath to change for the better. And I have developed atychiphobia. And it never went away. Every time I’m about to mess up, I cry. But I still decided to move on. So on the first day of seventh grade, I got my timetable, and I went home. On the way home, I saw a kid; Bechir was his name. I kept on thinking about approaching him for over 5 minutes going left and right never making up my mind. And then I FINALLY said:” fuck it” and tried to be social. And even though I was awkward as fuck, I did it. I realized that I can change for the better, I can make things happen, I can save her. And I started looking up. And I spent my first year between living my life, making new friends, and being scared of what will happen next.   Now comes next year, my 8th grade. And I have made it in my heart that it was time to completely move on. To live life to the fullest! And I did it. I forgot about her, I lived on, I played, fucked up, and never cared. I tried as hard as I can to “have no past”. As they say “ignorance is bliss”… yeah, fuck that.    I lived a carefree life, and now it was time to pay for it.   Now comes the 9th grade. It started good, simple. But then I got hit REAL HARD.   I was watching YouTube when one of my favorite YouTubers uploaded a new video. His name was Jackcepticeye. And it was… Weird. Playing games was how he made his living and they ranged from horror games, to battle royals. But this time, it was a visual novel. A dating visual novel. It was the first time I have ever seen one. It was titled “DOKI DOKI LITERATURE CLUB!” The game started simple, you have four girls and you have to win one of them over. But I advise you to check it out for yourself. one of them was named Sayori, a Japanese girl. She was an airhead with pink dyed hair. The color was kinda dead from not caring for it. Just like Ritsu. Just from that I felt scared. Regret was swallowing me and I remembered everything. I said it’s just a coincidence, It’s not anything important. Too bad it wasn’t. At the end of the game, Sayori commits suicide by hanging herself to death…    I cried… I.Finally.Cried… I realized that she was really dead. That it was all over. That I’ll never see her again, that it was time to let go.   I closed the video and slept for the rest of the day...    “Ignorance is bliss” my ass. THE FUCK WAS THAT! WHY DID I HAVE TO DEAL WITH THAT?!! WHY FATE? WHY? WHY CAN’T I MOVE ON? WHY CAN’T YOU LEAVE ME BE? WHY CAN’T YOU STAY DEAD RITSU?!! And with those thoughts I lived the rest of my days in confusion. Thoughts were swallowing me, bad ones. Thinking what was wrong, how can I change, how could I have saved her… But she never stopped torturing me. She never left me alone, no matter what. She always got a way to get to me. NO MATTER WHAT…    I thought about following her, but I never could bring myself to do it. I tried jumping down the stairs but I chickened out. I tried multiple times but I always stopped. And the one time I did it, I immediately grabbed the nearest ledge to save myself. What a coward.    And with the summer vacation of my 9th grade being over, I finally found my answers. Why that happened, why this is happening and what is going to happen.   The next year, my first year of high school, I wrote about Ritsu in an English essay about “your best friend”. But, I couldn’t call her by her name, so I named her “Sayori”. By that time I was still corrupted, so what I wrote was not entirely true. I didn’t know the difference between the game and reality. Even though most of it is actually true, some details got mixed up. I showed it to my English teacher and the next day, she was asked me about it. I said:” yes, it is true, and right now I’m barely managing to stand up”. At least I got that bit right. Next was Bechir, my current best friend, I had hinted at the incident to him and he really wanted to know but I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t tell him in person. So I also gave him a paper. At first, he didn’t believe me since that was not “Who I was”. He got struck by the fact that I was keeping a huge secret from him. But now that I think about it, I wasn’t keeping it from him. As I said before, she was “sleeping” until I saw the game started.    It was only then that I started looking at things objectively, with no emotions. I started associating myself with “being smart” and “a genius” and ran away from my feelings. And then in the middle of my first year of high school, I developed my first crush. Her name was “Maissa”. We actually knew each other before since we studied for 5 years together. But that was not why I had a crush on her. It was just because she was similar to “Sayori”. A childhood friend that was an airhead and dressed up in pink most the time. And not any pink, coral pink. And I thought that maybe this is my chance at redemption. And oh boy was I wrong. I told her about the story of “Sayori” and… she told me that… “ it’s all gonna be fine”… And then I knew what was going on. Bechir told me the same thing, and so did my teacher. All the people that know about my past(3 in total) reacted the same way that I did when “Sayori” looked for help. I finally felt it. And it was the WORST pain of my ENTIRE LIFE. I started crying on that message. I apologized to “Sayori” over and over and over and over and over again. Until I was out of tears that I started vomiting, hitting myself, and I almost jumped off the roof of the house. But I stopped. After all I was nothing more than a coward. I blamed my hesitation on my religion. That because I was a Muslim I couldn’t commit suicide. That was never true. I never got Islam until I was in 2nd grade of high school. And only then I truly moved on. I made it through. But it was too late to undo my scars.    I was still “emotionless”, and I totally passed that year of high school with flying colors thanks to that. In fact, I should thank the game theorists for that. They got me interested in science and all of that stuff.    In that year, a lot has changed; I moved on with my life and finally said “ the true farewell” to Ritsu, my dad started working aboard in Saudi Arabia, and in the summer of my first year of high school. I got my very first gaming laptop. And when I held it, I was REALLY REALLY REALLY HAPPY. That life was finally smiling on me. I was thankful at last. But there was still one more year to go through. One more test to finally pay her back. My second year of high school.    This marks my final exam, and it was not easy. Since the very beginning, I was always an honor student. I was always in “The Prodigy Class”. But this time, I finally got kicked out of my throne. One of my friends got moved out of the “The Prodigy Class” because he has fallen behind. His mother was not having any of this, so she went to the principal and started fighting with him. Keep in mind that this was early morning, and he has just entered his office. And then a middle-aged woman started fighting with him at first sight. He also was not having any of this. He pulled out the classes list and threw everyone left and right. This time, there was no “Prodigy Class”. And I was put in the WORST class in my second year of high school. I knew absolutely NO ONE there. That was the first very time in my ENTIRE life that I felt TRULY alone. And I knew that THIS was the final test.    I said to myself:” What will I do if I lost all my friends? Will I truly be able to make it through life? Will I give up as I did with Ritsu? How long until I can finally move on from such a huge wound?” So I took my immense self-confidence and made it my number one character. That with the ability to do anything. But I ended up transferring classes, even though for just a week I was friends with the entire class, because my mom didn’t like this one. So I got transferred to the 3rd best class of the 2nd grade in my high school. So I had to redo that again. But I still did it, this time one of my friends from before was there. Ahmed was his name. And the ridiculous thing here is that Ahmed was Bechir’s cousin. Way to go fate. And I think that was also a part of the test, to do things over. The same happens in life. But you have a head-start thanks to the experience you gain. I’m pretty sure Ritsu saw me trying really hard so she decided to reward me. And I did it, I was the most popular kid in my class. I made friends with everyone and I was the coolest one there and the smartest. I know this sounds narcissistic but to me, I passed “ my final exam” with flying colors. And that much was enough for me.    At the time of writing this for you Bechir, I had enough time to finally think things through and understand the way fate worked, the way Ritsu wanted to save me from myself, from my stupidity. And I can’t thank her enough.    This is how I think things happened and why. Or at least my way of explaining it. It could be more complicated than this, or maybe simpler. But writing this down makes me feel proud;   The year of her death is the trigger for EVERYTHING. She had realized what was wrong and took action. But that was the wrong action to take. She knew she was wrong, she knew that she had messed up and that she had dragged an innocent boy to this. So she decided to fix her mistake. And that was by making tests for me. So I don’t follow in her footsteps and end up in her place. So I could grow up to be the person she wants to look up to. And so her mission started.    The first test was in my seventh grade, and it was: that there was no test. She watched me and gave me a chance to do things on my own. But I failed really badly.    Next comes the second test which was the same as the first one: after giving me a chance, she let me have another. This time it was not because she was letting me do my thing, but because I “moved on” and started living life. But soon after, she realized that this was the wrong type of “moving on”. I am 100% sure that what she saw, was an image of her drunk mother. So she decided to intervene HARD.    The third test was the first test where there was, well, a test. She used the work of Dan Salvato to shake me up and bring me back to reality. She told me that she was gone. That she was D.E.A.D. And got me to think things over, to find my answers by myself. And I passed, partially. I found some answers, but I couldn’t tell the difference between game and reality. So she had to hit me one last time. This time, at full power.   The fourth test was for me to move on the correct way. To say goodbye properly. So she had me write down my feelings and find a temporary solution that will benefit me academically. So she had me realize exactly what she felt like, that she was gone, that there was no replacement, that it is over.    She had me realize that it was time to say goodbye the way it was supposed to be.   It was time to be a fucking legend.   The fifth and final test was for me to never repeat the same mistake. It was so I can keep on living no matter what happens. And I did it, After working hard and making sure that I was set for life. She ended the test early, just like my school year. The pandemic has been announced and school was over. I know that this is like me saying that she caused COVID-19, but no. She abused the shit out of every little event that was happening around me. Just so I can learn from her. And this marks all of my past.   Next year, I will be 17 and enter my third year of high school. And I’m sure that she will throw me another test. This time I’m READY! COME AT ME WITH THE HARDEST, MOST CRUEL TEST YOU GOT! I WILL TAKE IT HEAD-ON AND PASS WITH FLYING COLOR! BELIEVE IT!