I'm not sure where else to post this or even if it will be worth a read but it's basically a story of my life up to today's date. I grew up in a poor family of 4 in the middle of Kentucky. I don't guess I realized that we were poor until I got older I just thought that the things we did at home were normal as it's all I had ever known. My parents had me at a young age and had my brother immediately after me. Some of my most vivid memories are of these times. I remember  one time in particular very well my parents had went somewhere  and left me and my brother home alone. I'm not sure how old we were but we were small man like 3 and 4. We had been home alone since right after daylight up until late into the night. Our house was single wide trailer from the 60s that was falling in around us so we had the most sturdy part of the house barricaded off and being heated by a kerosene heater . I was always the outcast In school. I was shy and had major self confidence issues due to my aunt which I still have today. I never  had friends up until I got to high school and it's all because I built a fake personality  to fit in. My first friends actually came from me being "intimidating". I've always been a bigger guy but when puberty hit I shot up to 6ft and 300 pounds with big wide shoulders and arms to match. I didn't look 300 pounds because  of my build I just looked a bit dad bodish. I ended up getting  into a fist fight with a guy who just knew how to press all my buttons. He tool the girl he knew I'd been crushing  on since elementary  he spit in my food and he started spreading rumors around the school about me. I just had enough of it and I confronted him about everything and he denied it all while giving me the biggest grin he could muster. I absolutely  lost it and started throwing punches I only remember bits and pieces of the actual fight but when I came too I was covered in blood up one of my arms and all over my stomach. I thought I had been cut up in the fight but then I looked up and seen him. Apparently I had the upper hand in the fight and managed to break his nose. I got told by the guy later on that I also broke 3 of his fingers because  I squeezed  them in my hand when he tried to grab me. After that my fake persona really took off I went from being a freshman nobody to being the kid who beat up a junior. People were in fear of me so much that they attempted  to befriend me. I didn't want to be that guy at all but it was fit in or be bullied. I didn't  want to be the smart quiet kid who read books and was on the academic  team anymore. I had my chance to be somebody so I took it and ran. I built this persona around the kind of person I hated most which was my bully that I fought. I knew that people were friends and talked to him so I became him. By my senior year I had my own section of the lunch room  and my own little click of what I'm gonna call the misfits. There was 3 major groups in my school that almost everyone could be categorized into The Wanna Be Cowboys, the Jocks, and the Rich kids. My click was anyone who didn't fit into any of those whether it be smart kids or band members or just people who were a little odd. I didn't judge anyone I encouraged  people to be themselves even though I wasn't showing my true self. I had a role to play which was a big strong scary stupid guy from Kentucky when I was really an intelligent softy with a big heart. I gained reputation and respect as being the guy who feared nothing and was stronger than anyone else and I kept that up until I graduated. After i graduated I went off to college and since I didn't have much freedom to do what I wanted in high school I decided I was gonna party my way through  college. The one year I went the campus just had thought i didn't go there anymore because  I never went to class. I was basically  a squatter for a year according  to them. The second year I done better but not by much. I went to classes but didn't  do all the work. I eventually said college was a bad idea and got a job instead. I had always grew up with physical labor so It didn't bother me working. Things were great up until I ran into a couple of old "friends" on a Friday night. It would've been fine but I had became a total man whore after I had my heart broken. Which is another story all by itself but I had started fooling around with this really drama filled girl. The type of girl who picks fights and twists words. Long story short she told me about a guy who had been messaging her and I said something along the lines of tell him to back the fuck up. But She decided  she wanted the said fellow more than me which was fine because  like I said I was a hoe. When I ran into my buddies that Friday night this girl and her new man along with his cousin were also there. Which was fine I was civil and even had conversations with them. Everything was fine up until I announced  that I was leaving as it was early in the morning  and I needed to sleep. The guys cousin picked a fight with me by pushing and shoving and spitting on me. I start fighting with him when the girls new man jumps in with a set of brass knuckles. I honestly believe they had intentions on killing me that night but I knew it was fight or die so I fought as hard as I could. I fought with them both for around 15 minutes before I finally couldn't stand anymore from exaughstion and being as injured as I was. They stood over me for a while after that beating me and kicking my ribs but there was nothing i could do. They stopped hitting me for a moment and managed to make it to my truck before I blacked out. I drove the 10 miles or so to my house and don't remember any of it. I came to in my living room covered in blood with my little brother crying and asking me what happened I blacked out again right after. The next time I came to i was being speeded toward a hospital by my brother and I remember  telling him to slow down because it's not worth him dying over me and that i would be fine. I regained consciousness 2 more times over the next 48 hours the rest of it is blank for me. I walked and talked and acted normal according  to my family but I can't remember  any of it. Due to the attack I lost 80% of my vision In one of my eyes and I shake all over and can t sleep or eat like I used too. I don't even have an appetite anymore. I've went days without eating and not felt the first hunger pain. I have constant migraines so bad that it feels like someone is stabbing my head with an ice pick. I'm all fucked up and I'm just in my early 20's. I know the rest of my life is going to be hell. The doctors have told me there's nothing  they can do for me anymore and that I'm just gonna have to live with it. Life just sucks. I had always heard that life hits hard but I never expected it to be like this.