I worked with a young man for a few years. Again, due to confidentiality and HIPPA, I will be changing the names in this story for privacy. Let’s just call the young man “Johnny.” Johnny was diagnosed with Autism, Schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, homicidal behaviors, anxiety, PTSD, anger, and multiple personalities disorder. Johnny used to be married to another young adult of mine that I worked with. I will call her Frida. Frida and Johnny had the most toxic relationship I have honestly ever seen in my life. He had his issues and Frida had hers, Bipolar Disorder, PTSD, depression, anger, and borderline personality disorder. Frida and Johnny would butt heads almost constantly, if they weren’t having sex or he wasn’t getting paid by his friends to have sex with his wife when they “needed some ass.” Terrible, I know. Frida found a friendship and comfort with their neighbors. The neighbors were awesome people. They struggled with money and got food for themselves at the food bank, struggled to pay rent, but that never stopped them from helping Johnny and Frida when they needed it. When Johnny and Frida fought or struggled, she would go to the neighbors house so a fight between her and Johnny didn’t escalate even more. Eventually, Johnny and Frida came to terms that their relationship was over. This was extremely hard for Johnny to accept. When Frida tried to leave, he blocked her and pinned her against a wall. Frida’s only defense that she had was a key. Johnny is much stronger than Frida so she couldn’t get him off of her and nobody else was around at this time. She resorted to grabbing the key out of his pocket and stabbing Johnny in the eye with it. There was no severe damage, surprisingly. She then got out of the situation and went to the neighbors house. After a while, Johnny went to the neighbors house with a loaded rifle and a butcher knife, but before anything happened, the police were already called. Frida was able to get away and move to another location with relatives. Johnny’s mental health declined even more than it was before. To “get back” at the neighbors, he cut off the head of an elk after his dad shot it during hunting season. He bought a stake. He put the elk head on the stake in his front yard towards the direction of the neighbors house. He even named the elk  head. Johnny’s yard and the inside of his home smelt terrible, like death, because there just happened to be a decaying elk head hanging around. I had the best relationship with Johnny and I was able to convince him to throw the damn elk head away. I told him that I would not come over anymore if he didn’t get rid of it immediately. I couldn’t take it. I know it’s not my house, but there is no way in hell I was going to hang out at a house with a decaying elk head on a stake in the front yard for five hours a day five days a week... sorry, not sorry. Anyways, Johnny constantly harassed the neighbors and even went as far as killing their dog after torturing it (very sad) and surrounding their house with gasoline by pouring it around the home and at the front door. Thankfully, a witness who happened to be walking by called 911 immediately and I was called in and told to report to Johnny’s home immediately at 11:00 at night. Johnny was found with a blow torch and matches as well as more gasoline and a knife. I can honestly say that Johnny literally lost his mind and he was forced into a behavioral hospital that night. . He was absolutely a threat to himself and others. I will save the details of other things that took place. Eventually, Johnny was moved into a more intensive mental health home. As crazy as it sounds, I didn’t mind working with Johnny too much. He was the type who would always have your back. But Frida, she was amazing. She was a sweet young lady with so much self-awareness and she finally learned her worth after a while of working with her. Although she was sweet, she could turn around and murder somebody once that flip in her head switches. Never put down your guard. She has moved on and had a child of her own. Although the child was taken away at just two days old by the system, but that was probably honestly for the best. She is a pure soul. I still hear from her here and there. Johnny, I don’t know how the hell I did it for so long, bro, and even though you hate me and I’m on your “hit list” now, I hope you find peace within yourself someday and thanks for teaching me so much. Let’s never meet again though. Please and thank you.