“Class! Class! Pay attention!” Timothy’s teacher yelled. “Today’s homework assignment is to learn the first four letters of the alphabet! Ask your family for help if you need it!” “Oh boy!” thought little Timothy. “I can’t wait to get started!” When Timothy got home, he immediately ran upstairs to his mothers room. She was talking on the phone with her friend. Timothy burst into the room and yelled “Mom! What’s the first letter of the alphabet?” “SHUT UP! I’M ON THE PHONE!” Timothy’s mom replied. “Thanks mom!” said Timothy as he ran downstairs. Upon going downstairs, Timothy saw his brother, “Jeremy,” heading out the door with his girlfriend. “Hey bro!” shouted Timothy. “What’s the second letter of the alphabet!?” “Oh god Timothy. Please not now...” mumbled Jeremy under his breath. Jeremy turned to his girlfriend, “Cmon baby.” said Jeremy to his girlfriend. “Let’s go.” They headed out the door. “Thanks bro!” said Timothy. Timothy ran upstairs to see his other brother, Terry. His brother was sitting in his room, while watching pornography. He had his hand down his pants, and was making strange noises. “Hey bruh!” yelled Timothy. “What’s the third letter of the alphabet!?” Terry was so busy fapping, he didn’t even notice Timothy was standing at his door. “Oh yes...” moaned Terry. “I’m starting to cum...” “Thanks bruh!” cried Timothy as he ran downstairs. Timothy still needed the fourth letter to complete his assignment. So he ran down to the basement where his father was watching football. “Hey dad!” shouted Timothy. “What’s the fourth letter of the alphabet!?” His father was so focused on his game, that he didn’t hear Timothy shout at him. “49!” yelled Timothy’s father. “Smack em hard!” “Thanks dad!” Timothy yelled upon exiting the basement. Tomorrow at school. Timothy’s teacher was looking for a volunteer to represent their assignment. Timothy raised his hand. “Timothy, come up to the front.” motioned his teacher. “Tell the class the first four letters of the alphab-“ Timothy was so excited to present to the class, that he interrupted his teacher. “SHUT UP! I’M ON THE PHONE!” his teacher stood there, dumbfounded. “What did you just say to me?” Timothy repeated himself. “SHUT UP! I’M ON THE PHONE!” His teacher grabbed him by the arm. “Come with me Timothy.” said his teacher as she dragged him down the hall. “We’re going to the principals office.” Timothy then yelled out the second letter. “Cmon baby. Let’s go.” Timothy was flung into the principals office, where the principal sat him down, and scolded Timothy. “Talking rudely to your teachers is highly disrespectful young man! Do you enjoy misbehaving?” Timothy yelled out the third letter of the alphabet. “Oh yes! I’m starting to cum!” The principal threw Timothy down on the desk and grabbed his ruler. “That’s it. You’re getting punished. How many spanks do you want?” Timothy yelled out the fourth letter of the alphabet. “49! Smack em hard!” The principal sneered. “Oh yes I will...” And that was the end of Little Timothy’s story!