It had seemed like she was at the party for hours. So many cute girls here but she did not have the courage to talk to them. Suddenly Emma's phone rang. It was her best girl-friend Shay. "Thank god it is you" said Emma. Shay laughed "I knew you needed help. I saw you just sitting there. Meet me in my room so we can have a real party" Emma started to feel excited. Shay's room was big and nice. There were big beds, couches, a sofa and even a full kitchen. Shay had a full set of clothes and she looked very well dressed. There was one thing she wanted. That was a shower. Emma and Shay walked into her room. She saw that Shay had put her makeup on. She sat on the huge sofa. Shay looked at Emma with the most beautiful eyes. They looked like diamonds. "Thank you for your help," Emma said and smiled. "No problem. I hope you know that you have my gratitude." Shay said, "I would have never gotten this far without you. "Emma's eyes started to well up. She stared at Shay's beautiful eyes. She stared at the way Shay moved her head. She knew how beautiful the woman was. Shay's smile had melted all the ice in the room. She wanted to cry. She wanted to hug Shay. She wanted to tell her how much she appreciated her, but she did not want to make things awkward. She looked around and saw everyone in the hall. A few people were sitting on the stairs. "So, are you ready to party? Emma said. "Fuck yeah!" Shay replied "Let's go!" she exclaimed. "Let's get this party started!" she shouted with her whole being. There were a few people scattered around. This time Emma yelled. "WHO WANTS TO PARTY WITH TWO BAD BITCHES?!" She grabbed Shay's hand and led her to the door to greet people. However, there was no one waiting outside. Emma closed the door behind them and sat down. Shay was not a very social girl, so she sat at the edge of the couch next to Emma. Then there was a knock at the door. Emma opened it and standing there was their friends Ashley and Christina. “Hey you two bad bitches”, said Ashley with a huge smile on her face. “You got room for two more bad bitches?” “Yeah”, said Christina “lets twerk the night away!” As soon as the friends got inside the music went on and they started to dance. "Man I suck at this" Emma said with a laugh. "We all do" said Shay. Shay smacked Emma's ass. "Now twerk on me you silly bitch." Ashley and Christina cheered Emma on. "GO EMMA! GO EMMA!" As soon as the friends got inside the music went on and they started to dance. "Man I suck at this" Emma said with a laugh. "We all do" said Shay. Shay smiled "Now twerk with me you silly bitch." Ashley and Christina cheered Emma on. "GO EMMA! GO EMMA!" And with that Emma got down on her knees and started twerking. Ashley, Christina, and Shay all cheered on her. "I think I might have some new skills now." Emma giggled "How's that for a turn on?" The other girls just rolled their eyes. "Emma don't act so smart, you are a slut!" Christina said and slapped Emma in the back of the head. "You know who was the one that came up with that one." Emma said with a smile "It was me!" The music ended and Emma, Shay, and Ashley danced some more. "You girls are all getting pretty damn good at this." Emma said and Shay rolled her eyes. "I'm still a beginner at twerking. I'm getting pretty good at it though." Emma said and started twerking. It was pretty amazing. Ashley, Christina, and Shay all looked up at Emma with mouths hanging open "It's...actually working?" Emma asked. "It's...pretty amazing." Ashley said. Shay blushed. "I can't wait to try it on people!" Emma said, and then she and Ashley started twerking, giving Ashley a better view of the twerking technique. Emma then took Christina by the hand and started leading her over to where Ashley was, leading her over to the couch and laying her on the couch. Christina looked over at Ashley and then turned to Emma. "Do you wanna watch?" She asked. Emma nodded. Christina was now laying on top of Ashley and giving her twerking technique a go. The three girls were having a good time watching Ashley twerk, until Ashley tried to get on top of Emma. It wasn't working. Ashley had just too much to do. Emma tried to help her but Shay was much faster. Ashley fell over the side and burst out laughing. “Holy shit” said Ashley. “I suck at this.” They continued to twerk and dance until the wee hours. At around 3 am the party was finally finished. Everyone was tired and needed their beauty sleep. Shay and Emma say goodbye to Christina and Ashley as the two of them left. Now it was just Emma and Shay left in the room. “Thank you so much for throwing this wonderful party Shay. I really needed to unwind.” “No problem boo” said Shay. You deserved it. The two friends hugged each other tightly. Emma grabbed her things, making sure she had everything and started to head for the door. All of a sudden Shay turned Emma around and kissed her. “What was that for?” Emma asked. “For helping my come out of my shell tonight” Shay said. I rarely do anything like this.” “It was my pleasure” said Emma. “Now I gotta go home and get some rest” Emma said with a yawn. “I have a better idea.” Shay said. How you spend the night and sleep with me? Emma and Shay had been best friends for years and Shay had hinted at this but never came out and said it. After all Shay was straight and Emma was bi. “Uh…. I mean if you want to. said Emma” Shay could sense that Emma was hesitant. “It’s nothing sexual.” Shay reassured Emma. “It’s just you have been so amazing to me that I think you deserve a cuddle from one of your best friends,” “Awww thanks Shay. I would love that.” Secretly Emma had wanted this for a while now. As the two best friends lay in bed cuddling each other and drifting off to sleep, Emma thought “what an amazingly beautiful end to a fantastic day.”