So throughout my life, I've experienced some stuff..but this is the worst one ever so far. We had a false A.L.I.C.E drill. For those of you who don't know what this is, it's a set of precautions taken for school shootings just in case. This is mostly associated with just practice drills just in case but...oh lord this story is one rollercoaster. Usually you never think about such a thing but here it goes. The school day was going totally okay. This was the second to last period before the school day ended. I was exhausted by then. Nearly everyone else was exhausted by then. Everything was going as usual until I hear the most traumatizing audio go off all over the school intercom. "A lockdown has been declared for [school name]. All students are to preform A.L.I.C.E procedures." The entire class went silent. No one moved for a split second. My heart sunk. It's like I couldn't process it at all. Eventually, the first person to react was the teacher. I thought it was a prank. I was in such denial. Everyone was denying it at first but it soon hit me. It wasn't a game. The teacher locked the door, pushed the furniture by the door and broke a vase without hesitating. Everyone else soon followed. I was frozen for a bit still. Then I started to hyperventilate a bit. My heart was pounding like crazy. I was shaking but I was moving on my own somehow. I went to the back of the class and I legit subconsciously pulled out a pair of scissors out of my backpack an held them like a knife just in case. People were crying and some people were joking about it..like why even? The worst part of it was probably the fact that in the end, it was just a false alarm. It ended up that the A.L.I.C.E speakers picked up a sound which sounded just like a gunshot and rung the pre-recorded audio. It was awful. What truly shocked me was the fact that I picked fight over flight in the end. Even if I went to the back of the room, in the end I pulled out a 'weapon' just in case. I was gripping on those scissors. It's truly crazy what adrenaline can do to a person...scariest thing in my life regardless.