So now I'm about 15. When I was 7 years old I first moved to a new town and my parents sent me to this adventure camp either the summer I moved there or a year later (my memory is foggy so dates might not be completely correct). The summer camp was pretty fun but it was generally pretty mellow with the exception for a few teenage instructors who didn't know what they were doing. I attended the camp for a week or two when on the first day I made a mistake that I still feel guilty about now and I just wanted to tell someone about it other than my parents. So the first day of the camp we went to a pool that the camp had rented out, about a 20 minute drive from the camp building. When me and some other kids were changing I noticed that there was a group of kids in the back of the locker room talking, they were probably in 5th grade at the time so I thought they were pretty cool. I was very self conscious at the time, I still am now, but I wanted to impress them. I thought on it for a few seconds and for whatever my 7 year old mind thought the older kids would think I was cool if I kicked this random kid in the nuts. So I walked up behind this random kid changing and kicked him as hard as I could in the dick. The older kids didn't notice and he ran out of the locker room crying and the staff made me stand against the wall, they yelled at me and said they were gonna call my parents after the day was over. Realizing what I did a few minutes after it happened I instantly felt horrible and felt sick to my stomach, I kept apologizing to that kid the entire day because of how bad I felt. That day I didn't step in the pool because of how bad I felt for the kid and how shitty and guilty I felt. Once we got back from the pool we changed back into normal clothes and we waited with our backpacks for our parents to get us. When my dad picked me up I got in the car and he instantly started yelling at me. I didn't even cry and I just listened to him yell. Him yelling at me was about the end of it but I still feel horrible about this event to this day.