This is half story, half asking if I was in the right. I broke up with my bf after 3 years a year ago. My friends think I had it good because he bought me flowers, took me on dates and the whole thing. In truth he looked through my phone, was manipulative, he told me who I was aloud to talk to, and he sexually assaulted me towards the end of our relationship and a bunch more shit but that’s the big stuff. When I say that I do not say that lightly and I would never hold it above him I’m done with him. But it happened and has effects me ever since. Even in my relationship now. The one thing I don’t know I was right about was being upset because he never had my back with his parents. This is the story. I was his first girlfriend at 19, we met through friends. When he told his dad, his first question was about my religion. He is a military Christian who bought a mail order bride and drinks to much alcohol and beats his wife and kids. I’m an atheist. My boyfriend told him and his dad, without meeting me, tried to set him up with girls from his church, said very bad things about me. Religion didn’t get in our relationship. I know he goes to church and prays and he knows I don’t believe in it so we made a deal we wouldn’t force the other into anything. My boyfriend also told him other stuff about me that made it worse like: I’m bisexual, I am in business in the top uni near us, I ride a motorcycle, I’m a feminist who is trying to set up a not for profit about domestic violence and so on. He is so far right. We are complete opposites in every way. I’m use to parents loving me. I still talk to some of my ex’s parents. Regardless, we stayed on his fathers farm a year into the relationship with great protest on both sides. I wanted to be respectful while there so I wore tasteful dresses even though I wear pants and so on 80% of the time. While there it was hell. Those of you with strict religious parents would know. On top of that he kept saying homophobic and sexist stuff while looking at me. He needed help changing a tire and I offered to help because my bf doesn’t know how to do it, he told me to “sit down sweet heart, I know you are use to acting like a man but you should leave it to the real men. Jess needs help in the kitchen where you belong.” And my boyfriend would just tell me to go to the kitchen. Anyway. One night he got drunk and was in my face saying really bad shit and the whole thing. I just stood there un-phased and told him I would call the police if he touched me and I wasn’t his wife or kids. Inside I was shitting myself. Next day I was FORCED to go to there church. When we got back home my bf told me that he had a fun week and said if I started to go more he would like me. When we finally broke up he blamed me going to university. He told me it tore me away from him and I wouldn’t use it anyway. I asked him what he meant. He told me he thought it was okay for now but he would have convinced me to stay home once I started pushing out babies. He was going to community college to make 30k a year and I was going to make 85k starting out once I graduated with a gpa of 4.0 and I expected to get my PhD in business. But he expected be to be his house wife like his step mom. I’m so glad I ended it but my friends said it would be nice to be stay at home moms. I disagree even though I want kids. They told me all I had to do was give up a couple of hours Sundays. Am I crazy to not want that in my life?