After being told to play through the series to get a real taste of 4 and why I should appreciate it I went and 1 CC’d all games on normal through hardest. I couldn’t find anyone with a copy of the JPN version of 3 so I used an emulated version which was decent. After playing through them and then comparing 4 to the others I can’t help but appreciate all the effort and time put into the game. I love the music, the combat is fun and addicting like the old games. I do have some harsh feelings on some of the enemies though, I feel like some enemies are just completely broken. Hit boxes are huge, hyper armor plaguing the game like Covid, enemies that can just break out of your combo in the middle of being stun locked and hitting you to break your combo during S rank runs, I frames only working sometimes, and my favorite being thrown out of your throw frames. Also I believe the “whiffing” issue is worse than ever in this game. Enemies can hit you without being in line with you but our characters do not have the same potential. I also think that enemies shouldn’t be able to jump out of attack to ranges not within reach after a few steps in their direction. The verticality speed is also god awful, I don’t believe it is as fast as older games as much as others might try to say because I’m SoR1 a good example of speed difference is the original Big Ben fight. You’re forced to move up/down extremely fast and the characters all move at a rate fast enough to get out of the way without the need to move before the attack comes. I do have tons of fun with the new tech/moves we have, the new models and art look fantastic. The retro levels are awesome too, they remind me of the secret doom levels in doom 2016. I love the story they pushed in this game, the final boss was a little over the edge for me with the giant mecha crab thing they pulled. For the most part I enjoy the game but I can’t help but feel a little empty when trying to grind out its trophies. The ranking system seems really busted as sometimes a seemingly perfect run is an A rank while the S ranks usually end up surprising me most of the time. I think the only S rank I wasn’t surprised with was the flawless stage I got for the other trophy. Mania with friends is a ton of fun but the game on anything past normal by yourself can feel like a slog after the first play through. If it wasn’t for the combo system I think I’d feel a little less pressured to play well but with the combo/rank system being so reliant on one another I can’t help but feel this way. I’ve tried to play differently with several of the characters but the only ones I feel decent with are Adam and Cherry for their mobility options? The only other time I feel safe is with any of the retro models, especially SoR1 Axel. I’m excited to see how the game progresses but I find that I have so much room to grow but the games skill floor seems more reliant on memory than pure tech/combat ability. Sorry for the rant you guys, I just felt like talking about this game because I think feedback is important for a project like this to grow. I’m glad the series got a revitalization like this, I’m glad a lot of people including myself are having tons of fun! I just hope I can see the game build and improve from here and we get some more kick ass content. If anyone has any good tips or ever wants to play you can add me on PSN Uno87. Thanks to anyone who reads