I (30f) went to a going away party for a regular hookup of mine and his partner (work partner). Our hookups were always a secret, as we didn’t want anyone at work to know. Anyways, he gets there and we hug. He starts texting me about how hot I look and he is hating it that he can’t touch me. As the drinks start flowing he can’t help himself to come up and talk to me more and more. I’m getting so horny for him. I told him we should go to a car for a quickie. Only problem, neither of us drove we took ubers. He comes up a few minutes later with a set of keys and says let’s go. I told my friend I would be right back. We left at different times and met up in the parking lot. He got in the backseat first and I got on top and rode him as hard and as fast as I could until we both came. I asked him whose car we were in. Neither of us knew, he had just asked some friends to find him anyone at the party who drove. We fixed ourselves up and went back to the party. No one had any idea, except for my friend.  The sneaking around made me even hornier and wet for him. The night continues on. Those of us who are still there are wasted. He can’t keep his hands off me. He keeps sticking his hands up my shorts. Finally, we just couldn’t take it and wanted to go at it again. However, his partner and her hook up are wasted and were staying at his house to sleep it off.  We all work together so I thought that it might be a no go tonight until they pass out. We Uber back to his place and convince our uber to stop at jack in the box. We are all drunkenly eating tacos in his kitchen and he won’t shut up about the real taco he wants to eat. I finally just say if you want to eat it so bad go for it. We are on one side of the kitchen island and his partner and her guy are on the other side. He says okay then and pulls my shorts down and starts to eat my pussy right then and there in the kitchen.  It was exhilarating knowing that the other people were watching. His partner’s hook up says “Oh yeah well watch this” and picks her up and puts her on his kitchen table. He pulls her pants down and starts going down on her. I was bent over the island and he was licking me from front to back. If that wasn’t exciting enough, I watched the other two the entire time until I came. We want to fuck at this point so he keeps me bent over the island and starts to fuck me from behind. Maybe we were too much because the other two left off for a bedroom. We go to his bedroom where he fucks my pussy till he cums. He then finger fucks me until I squirt all over his bed. He gets instantly hard again and uses my dripping wet pussy to lube up and fuck me in the ass. My head is pounding into his headboard. He doesn’t want to cum yet so he pulls out to for some A to M action. I suck my pussy and ass juice off of his cock until he cums for the second time. I tell him thanks for the fun and uber myself back home. Safe to say eye contact with all of them at work had some interesting sexual tension until they actually went to their new jobs.