Me and Jessie met at work back in the summer of 2000. We hungout with the same group of people and generally got along well. About year and a half later I got transfered and lost contact with him. Fast forward to winter of 2005, I get transfered again and run in to Jessie who now has a wife Maria. We all hungout together and went on roads trips and such. All this time my and Maria's relationship is purely platonic, not exactly close but we know who each other is. Shortly after reconnecting with Jessie, he gets transferred to another state for work. Me and Maria continue hangingout together. Friend stuff, like going out to eat, drinking, and even happen to take a college class together. She comes by to hangout at my place and vice versa. She also recentlt had Jessie's baby. One night we are hanging out at my place, listening to music, drinking, dancing, etc.  As the night goes on she gets more tipsey, and eventually kisses me while dancing.  I kiss her back but dont pursue it any further, she is my friend,'s wife, and I blame it on the alcohol.  Some time goes by a handful of weeks or so, and it happens again. She kisses me, i kiss her back, but this time I push her on the bed turn out the lights and get my magnum out and pull her shorts and underwear to the side. I slide my dick inside her dripping wet pussy as she lets out a moan. I pinned her to the bed as we keep making out while I am fucking her pussy deeper and harder as time goes on. I feel her pussy convulsing as she orgasms twice. I finally drain my balls inside her ( i was wearing a rubber), roll over next to her as we joke and laugh about what just happened. We eventually fall asleep, and dont really talk about it the next day. Eventually I went to school up in Santa Cruz area and she went to a school close by and ended up moving in with me while we both went to school. Needless to say we continued fucking each other.  She got pregnant again and I have a sneaky suspicion that it might have been my. But I never brought it up and neither did she. She has since gotten divorced, and I gotten married, tet we still maintain that close friendship after all these years. Jessie still doesnt knkw that I fucked his wife behind his back all those times years ago. And I cant help but wonder every time I see her youngest kid, if he is really Jessie's. Meand Jessie are still boys by the way.:)