I was stopped at the light before getting on the freeway and beside me on the right was this huge diesel truck, with this guy that was trying to get my attention. I looked over and rolled my window down, he said that I was cute and continued to flirt with me. Where I was going. I told him I was going to go study at a cafe. The light turned green and I sped up getting to 75, I wanted to see if he would follow me. And he did. He stayed behind me. It was around 3, so little traffic and construction so it was a lot of stop and go. When it would slow down he would come right beside me and try to talk to me again. Now he was cute. Mid 30’s at least. Beefy. And hella thick. So I rolled my window down again but now he was on my left side and he got an eye full of me. that day i had shorts on and a vneck  He kept telling me how good I looked and asked for my number. Traffic started going and started to speed up. Before I put my car in sport mode, I took my left tit open and pulled my nipple, sticking my tongue out. Looking at him, winked and sped the fuck up. Leaving him behind. I was only going about 60, but he was about 9/10 cars behind me and I was trying to lose him to see if he again would follow me. And he did, he was going in and out of traffic to get right beside me. He shouted “I couldn’t really see, show me again.” All I did was smile and lose him again. This went on for the next 15 miles. And I was so fucking wet. I was speeding so the roar of my car was humming, my heart was racing. And the fact that I showed a strange my tit and he wanted more, I was completely soaked. I was starting to get on the right as my exit was coming up and he was still behind me. I was like to myself, what the fuck are you doing, lose him. I was getting closer to the cafe and he was still behind me. I pulled in the cafe parking lot and sat in my car waiting for him, he parked right behind me, rolled his window down. I put mine down a little bit. And said “yes?” he said “show me again, i couldn’t see.” and I said “show you what?”.  he laughed and said “don’t be a fucking tease, I want to see your tits.” I unlocked my door and said “Come in.” He said “Come on, just show me now.” That told me that he was def married or didn’t know if I was over 18+, it could have been anything but he didn’t get in.  So I then got out of my car, got my backpack out of my truck and walked right beside his truck, and said “You want to see them?” He then said “yes.” I climbed up on his truck steps and leaned inside his truck, he smelled so good. My tits were literally popping out of my shirt and said “here”. He then grabbed my tits out and they were right in front of his face and he started to suck them right there. My nipples were so hard and sensitive, he was sucking so hard. and flicking them. Then he started to pinch one while he tried to fit my tit in his mouth. He gave me a lot of hickey and they weren’t cute little ones, he fucking sucked on me so hard. It only lasted 5 minutes before he said he had to go. I then jumped off, backed up and watched him peel out of the parking lot. I went on my way to the cafe. Never saw him again.