A coworker that I have known for a while finally gave me the signal that he was DTF. The only issue is that we both had some reservations in letting the other know where we lived. Don’t want a possible stage five clinger knowing our addresses. He knew a little bit about me liking to be submissive, told what to do, and that I like a little pain. We decide to meet up at a hotel. He text me that I was to wear a dress only with nothing underneath. He text me that he got the room and I needed to head to him. He wanted me to prove that I followed his order so he made me text a picture under my dress as I was driving. I got up to the room and knocked on the door. (He had jobs in the past that involved law enforcement) When he answered the door he pulled me in and pushed me face up against the wall. He told me to put my hands on my head. He held both hands in one of his hands and used the other to guide me over to the bed. He said that he heard I had been naughty and needed to be frisked. He bent me over the bed and slid his hand up my dress and put his fingers inside me. He then continues to finger fuck me as pulled my hands down to behind my back. He said I needed a more thorough search with his tongue. He then begins to lick my pussy from behind, sticking his tongue inside my hot wet pussy. He lets me back up and demanded I take off the dress. He sits on the bed and tells me to get on my knees. He grabs the hair from under the back of my neck and shoves my mouth onto his cock until it is down my throat. He continues to use my hair to slide my mouth up and down his rock hard dick until he cums down my throat. He demands I swallow. He tells me to get on my hands and knees on the bed. He thrusts his massive cock inside me. I’m already so wet it goes in no problem. Again he grabs and pulls my hair as hard as he can so my neck is bent fully backwards. He uses the other hand to pinch my right nipple, first slightly and then hard. The pain from my hair and nipple only made it hotter and me wetter. He even comments on how wet I am. He tells me to get up and get on top. I straddle him and slide my hips back and forward and ride him hard like he commands. He continues to play with my nipples being sometimes gentle and sometimes rough. He says he wants me to blow him again. He said he loved my hand, thumb, and tongue technique. I do as I am told and use my right hand at the base of his cock with my thumb pressing against his taint. I take my tongue and swirl from tip down to his shaft. I can tell he is trying so hard not to cum but he can’t help it and I swallow his second load. I put back on my dress say our goodbyes and head on back home. I loved seeing him at work knowing what we had done but that no one else knew.