I once saw an interview by a very prominent anti-pro-black black called Taleeb Starkes who said that "Black people have to work twice as hard as whites, but not because whites hold blacks back. It is because a bunch of the bad blacks ruined it for the majority" or something along those and I think that's pretty poignant point about how even in anti-racist societies, stigmas are never fully shed. I come from a non-American ethnic group that also has a lot of baggage attached to it and I have experienced many instances of racism where people project their anxieties onto me. Seeing people do that to you can feel extremely threatening and makes you feel like you are hated by the world at large, which is a much harder experience for minority populations than majority populations. Both culture war factions have a very retarded and prejudiced view of Blacks as either pure victims hurt by European beauty standards/genocide/segregation/slavery/etc or as unthinking pathological criminal beasts who cannot be trusted by whites. Race and IQ is pretty much completely mainstream in the Anglo-American right now and people who question it are censored and ridiculed by the right wing twitterati and youtube comment mobs far more often than people who believe in it. Right wingers are generally civil, but they push their "it's not racist to notice differences" shtick pretty far and defend malicious stereotyping and prejudice as mere "pattern noticing" extremely often, especially in the case of Blacks, Muslims, and other dangerous groups. Their blank slatism isn't that blank in my observation since they tend to be completely unwilling to apply even the most basic blank slatism standard, which is to assume that people are not a certain way just because their ethnic group is more likely to be that way. I'm no SJW, but I would not want to be a member of such a highly stigmatized and over-politicized group within a society as Blacks in America. I feel sorry for Black people who feel the need to become white haters because they are taught that whites are out to get them and are constantly exposed to examples of whites who are genuinely out to get them. It is almost like a form of child abuse the way some black children are raised with a hyper-consciousness of white racism. I recognize a lot of these tendencies in my own ethnic group and see that they are a product of fear rather than malice.