I'm a freshman at a tiny university where everyone knows everybody else's business. Because I like keeping my sluttiness on the down low, I vowed not to hook up with anyone at school. That lasted until the second i heard his voice. He was a truly basic Australian asshole. We met at the porch of a party when he asked me for a cigarette. I've always been passive but his voice filled me with a need and i knew I wanted him. Without saying a word a pulled a cigarette out of the package and waited for him to reach for it. I pulled it away just as fingers hit it and with more confidence than i knew i had boldly stated "only if you kiss me for it" he was quick to oblige before grabbing my already lit cigarette from my other hand while his lips moved from mine to my ear and questioned if that was all I really wanted adding a cunt on the end as if to embrace every Australian stereotype he knew made hime so irresistible. He pulled away and lended against the railing for a moment. My confidence instantly disappeared and I couldn't find my words. Thankfully rather than waiting for a response he just grabbed my hand and pulled me back into him slipping his hand up my skirt. After making out for a while he said it was cold and maybe we should smoke inside. I agreed and we made our way to his apartment. I was still in disbelief he was so into this but excited and eager. I regained my composure and joked that i didn't think my cigarette line would work. He reached into his pocket pulling out his own pack and stated he knew it would and that he had been eying me all semester. The smug look on his face made me want him even more. When we arrived at his place the second his door was shut he pushed me against the door and pulled my shirt and skirt off before throwing me on the mattress on his floor. He began going down and fingering me making me cum only within a couple minutes. The handcuffs on his desk quickly caught my eye and i knew i was in for a good night. He noticed my eyes darting to them and roughly pushed me on stomach before handcuffing my hands behind my back. He began fucking me holding my hair up forcing my back to arch towards him. It wasn't long before he came, pulling out to cum all over my back. He grabbed my hands to to pull my back into his chest with my legs straddling his thigh. With on hand roughly pulling on my tits and the other fingering me he made me cum again. He slapped my ass and said "or is that what you wanted?" He popped his window open and lit a cigarette. The cold air filled the room and i slipped into my underwear and sweater before lighting a cigarette and walking towards the window where he was standing. He stared long and hard, his eyes skimming every inch of my body. Again my self-consciousness returned and i crossed my arms questioning what he was looking at. He grabbed my neck and pulled me close to him stating a baggy sweater with no pants is just the sexiest thing in the world. I have now deemed that sweater "the lucky sex sweater" I always get good dick whenever I wear it.