My town has a subreddit that does meet ups every weekend and the host invited me out as they know I was back home for a break. They said there were guys asking about me(I use to host a lot of the events, another time to share that) soooo i had cabin fever and got ready I wore a short dress veck and basically my tits looked amazing. Got to the bar around 9pm, everyone was already drunk and having a great time - I ordered a Moscow Mule and the host introduced me to everyone. This one guy introduced himself to me as “Damien” and that he was new to town from NYC. He works at Adobe. Fit. Tall. Charming. We start talking about NYC and even being away for a month and I already wanted to go back. Talking about common interests and I felt like he was holding something back and he was def staring at me. All of me. Head to toe. It was around 10pm when I started to dance, and i enjoy dancing so i got with a group of girls and starting moving to some hip hop whatever. He comes up to me and holds me close, we’re dancing and his smile is pretty amazing. He laughed and asks if he could ask me a question, and I said yes. He asked “Do your friends know that you’re a huge slut?” i take a step back and says “what?”, he goes on like he has something on me, “I won’t tell anyone.” “It’ll be our little secret.” So i play along “What are you talking about?” He laughs and says “You’re definitely hotter in person, Grey.” Once I heard that I got so soaked. This was def a role play moment I been wanting to have. I stare at him “Uh how did you find me?” He explained “You posted a photo in November with your robe open, your tits are out and extremely hard. I chatted with you and talked about meeting up and told you I was moving for a job. You told me about the meet ups, places I should go.” He asked if I wanted another drink, we walked over to the bar, his hand is on my waist. He whispered in my ear “I want to feel your juicy lips around my thick cock right now.” I teased and said “make me.” He put his hand on my back and worked his way up, up to my head and slowly pulled my hair back and shoved his tongue in my mouth. I honestly would have dropped to my knees right there. We kissed for a good minute, his hands are all over me, as he try to play with my nipples from the outside of my shirt. I assist him by putting his hand inside my shirt. He pinched my extremely hard nipples so hard that I yelped. We sat down at a dim lighted booth, where he was sitting down and my legs were over his. He was rubbing my thighs while telling me what he wanted to do to me. Play with my clit. Finger my pussy. Make me his. I guided his hand towards my inner thigh to very wet pussy. He didn’t skip a beat and slowly rubbing up and down my clit. I was in such a trance as i buried my head into his neck. I was breathing so loud. He kept telling me how wet I was. I felt like I was dripping I was that wet. He then put his finger inside my mouth to taste me, I tasted so sweet. He kept playing with my clit and squeezing it that I kept jumping and moaning. He kept asking me if I wanted his fingers inside me. If I wanted to be his little slut. If I wanted to be on my knees when he gets home. If I wanted to ride his face for hours. If i wanted to get fucked by him and his friend. He squeezed hard on my clit. I said yes, to all of it. I wanted to be his slut. He told me to be a good girl and call him daddy, I laughed then he slowly put a finger in and I gasped, he was shocked how much of a slut I was that I was super tight. He couldn’t wait to stretch me out. As he starts fingering me, I can hear my juices get louder.. We are in public in a bar, dim lighted or not, I know people could see but I didn’t care and he didn’t seem to either. He told me to kiss him. He pushes my left thigh over as he wanted to go deeper inside me, he started to go faster and faster. I wanted to take my tits out so bad so he could bite them. It didn’t take long for me to get close. He added another finger, and it def stretched me. I told him I wanted him to fuck him so hard. He switched to fingering me slow and deep. Telling me to cum all over his hand and wanted me to clean it up. He pulled out and started rubbing my clit. I kept getting close and he would stop. He put his fingers inside me and started fingered me hard. i begged him to let him suck how dick. to ride him. I was so close and he knew it. My legs were so tense squeezing his hand with my thighs. My face was buried into his neck, grabbing his shirt. It was so haaaard not to qlimax so loud. I came and came. He looked at me and put his fingers inside my mouth saying good girl.