So you can look in my post history for the last post but today was the day. She picked me up at my house and brought me to hers. We skipped school so no one was home, once we go there we immediately went to her bedroom. When we got in there she asked if she can undress me, I giggled a bit then let her. After I was naked she took her top off and her shorts off, she was in a thong and a push up bra. She then sat on the bed like all the way in. She then said "ok baby get over my lap" so I did after her just grabbing my ass for a minute or 2 she said "I'm going to start now ok" she started and after 3 spanks she stopped and whispered in my ear "dont worry your safe when I'm in control" then she nibbled on my ear. That was so fucking hot I got hard right there. So she was spanking me I was surprising enjoying myself even though my ass was in so much pain it was good, then out of fucking no where I didnt expect this to happen but I came while she was spanking me. She stopped for a sec giggled and said "did you just cum on my leg?" I said "yes" she then said "well I'm glad you are enjoying yourself" then giggled and then went back to spanking almost right after that it was and when I was about to get up off her lap she said "wow where are you going I didnt do any after care" i then said "after care?" She said "yeah what did you think i was literally going to beat you and then leave you when in pain... no I would never!" When she was doing the "after care" I asked what made her whisper in my ear telling me I'm save. She said "baby after the first 2 spanks you were shaking no matter how much your shaking turned me on I didnt want you to be scared" So after all of that we cuddled ... where she held me! And then we door dashed food and I didnt even pay for half she said "I just spanked you for almost 10 minutes straight the least I can so is buy you food" so when the food got here I couldn't sit cuase how bad my but hurt so I ate standing up then we went back to cuddling. This experience was so eye opening and i loved it so much. I loved her being in control and her being the dominant one. I never knew how great cuddling is when you are the one being held! My butt still REALLY hurts like she took pictures and showed it to me my butt is bright red, but overall it was amazing!