March of 2018 was an odd time for me. I started off in 2010 on opiates after an accident. I was hooked and like every one else, before I knew it I had a full script gone In A week or two and then a $100 a day oxy habit until it was refilled. In 2018 I saw my brother who was also down the same path spiraling out of control on heroin after my sisters suicide. Combine that with my mother’s toxic drinking and past suicide attempts after my grand parents deaths. (All of them died slowly from cancer from 2011-2015. It was a horrible shit show to watch..) Any ways, We hadn’t ever touched dope when we did percs (my brother and I) but he lost it all and his girlfriend and apartment really fast once he started using the philly fentanyl. I had been living at home during this time, and my mother went to rehab right away after my sisters death. She has been clean since December 2017. If not she’d surely be dead by now. She actually goes to the gym now too and my father stopped drinking a 40oz every night and accompanies her daily to the gym. (Or was before the virus). Fast forward to March 2018.. I hadn’t been buying percs for 3-4 years by this point. Seeing my brother in a bad way I quit Suboxone cold turkey after a 4 year dosage of 8mg a day. It was awful for two months. I lost 50 lbs, diarrhea, depression, aches and pains. My back was on fire. I was miserable but knew I had to stop. Seeing my world crumbling around me I ran from it all. Scared. The threat Loosing every one I loved gave me the ability to continue. I went to work each day for two months sick. And hid it. I had no energy and hurt immensely bad. But I had found freedom. Last year I quit chewing tobacco. That was a hard Vice at first to kick as well. Honestly I used kratom up until a few months ago to mask the pain as I had a massive shoulder surgery last year as well. My brother has now been clean for 18 months, and I’ve been off subs for 25 months. And off kratom entirely since January. Kratom was a walk in the park to stop taking compared to every thing else. I know it’s not entirely safe and I don’t recommend you even taking. I took about “8” 00 capsules in the morning and at night. But it’s honestly nice to see my older brother who was a tradesman hard tattoo’d man going back to college to be a drug counselor. And now I’m in the pipe fitters union for 4 years as well with a good career. My moms completely sober and has her shit together and my father doesn’t drink. I’ve had a fucked up home life for as long as I can remember. I remember the smell of booze and tears being tucked in as a kid. If you’ve come from a toxic world like mine hang on. I’m sure some of your stories can outdo me 5x but you will find serenity if you do stop. For those who know they’d end up right back on opiates, being on the subs aren’t the end of the world. Your alive. Just take care of your self and keep your self in check. It’s hard being honest with your self and it’s even harder some times with your family. Hopefully this will reach some one who needs it. Any thing is possible.