I am in my first relationship with the Dom/sub dynamic.  I started dating my partner 4 months ago.  He seemed shy, gentlemanly and just overall really nice.  We understood each other’s worlds.  After 2 months of dating I got him drunk on his birthday and he shared with me his need to have BDSM, specifically the Dom/sub dynamic.  My initial reaction was to run for the door but I really liked him and decided to keep an open mind. I could never have imagined how much I would have embraced being his sub.  As a partner he is wonderful but when we are in the dynamic, he completely enthralls me as my Dom.  Obviously, these are different times we are all experiencing and I’m trying to keep that in mind, but in the last week I’ve sensed a change.  Where before he would give me tasks when we were both in bed or there would be dialogue of my sub training and how to earn my collar, there has been nothing this week.  Our last session, a week ago, ended really abruptly without any aftercare with him seeming to be distracted and upset about what was going on with the pandemic and his fears about his sons ... all of which I completely understood because I have children too but it left me feeling sad and insecure...especially in my inexperience with this dynamic.  I worried that I’m not giving him what he needs in a sub.  Since then, I have been feeling increasingly insecure.  I tried to express my insecurity, with difficulty because I don’t want to appear needy, I also understand how stressful our current situation is and I’m being sensitive to the fact that he struggles with depression.  But I felt no comfort or reassurance from my efforts to communicate how I’m feeling.  I felt confident before that we were on the same page in our relationship with our feelings.  In a vanilla relationship this would be difficult, but I feel like the added sub dynamic is even more difficult because I’ve opened myself up in ways I’ve never done before....completely out of my comfort zone and norm ... giving myself to him in ways I’ve never done before.  I feel like I can’t talk about this with friends because they do not understand the Dom/sub side of our relationship.  I know the answer is to just tell him how I’m really feeling but the vulnerability of that is really hard.  I’m old enough to know better in the sense of how important communication is.  I care about my partner, my Dom and would like to show him patience in this surreal environment we are all experiencing.  I just wondered if anyone else is experiencing something similar they would be willing to share or advice.