Okay so recently I found out that one coworkers that I thought I was really close with has been telling our manager telling them that they should fire me. They have always been like this. Once they went on another coworkers social media page and sent screen shots to the manager trying to say they were lying about being sick so they should be fired. They almost were but it just all died down but no one ever knew they were the one who sent them but me since they were bragging about maybe getting them fired. My coworker has a power thing to them I’ve noticed when I first started. It has to be their way even with the customers. Like when it’s just me and them they will make me get all the customers because “they don’t like that one” which is literally all of them. Each time one comes in it’s always “Oh I don’t like them. Go get them”. Which I will because whatever. Plus they get customers complaints ALL the time because they literally scream at them and just talk to them so badly. They once screamed at an older lady because she was having a hard time hearing my coworker. Like they didn’t just say it louder and clearer. My coworker just got pissed and screamed at the lady. Which made me feel awful. So after finding this out I’ve cut ties with my coworker. I’ll work with them but I’m not their friend and won’t be speaking to them unless work related. I’ve been so worried about getting fired so I’ve been working extremely hard. Like doing everything I can and not playing on my phone when it’s dead like my other coworker. I’ll just go find something to clean. Do you guys think if I can start working even harder and showing my manager I’m worth keeping, I won’t be fired? I’ll admit I’ve slacked off the past week due to being sick and not having anyone to cover my shift after asking everyone. I felt like I was going to pass out from being light headed the whole shift and just wanted to sit down so I didn’t which I think is the reason my coworker is wanting me gone because I didn’t help them out as much as I use to because how bad I felt. But lately since I’ve felt a bit better, I’ve just been working as hard as I can. I even started closing the store on my own for about a week or two now. I just can’t lose this job. Any advice?