In Westworld, Jonathan Nolan and Lisa Joy have crafted an original rewrite of the Frankenstein architext, which in turn functions as a metafictional allegory. Within the setting of the android-populated theme park, the Frankensteinian maker and his creations become metaphorically intertwined with the figures of writer and character, thus effectively posing all the social, philosophical and metafictional questions that I have been discussing throughout this paper. Usually, we assume that there is a clear-cut frontier between the human and the artificial, between the real and the fictional, but Westworld makes those distinctions problematic, reverses the terms and leaves us viewers in an obscure middle ground of ambiguity in which even the notions of “humanity” and “reality” are called into question. Of course, all these ideas are not entirely new, but rather a new manifestation of postmodernist thinking.17 In A Poetics of Postmodernism, Linda Hutcheon has eloquently expressed the attitude of this movement: We now query those boundaries between the literary and the traditionally extra-literary, between fiction and non-fiction, and ultimately, between art and life. We can interrogate those borders, though, only because we posit them. We think we know the difference. The paradoxes of postmodernism serve to call to our attention both our continuing postulation of that difference and also a newer epistemological doubt. (Do we know the difference? Can we?) (224‒25) This is precisely what happens in Westworld: we see a relentless zeal to conceive a meticulously crafted world on the part of its creators, and at the same time, we feel an overbearing ontological ambiguity lurking behind. Dr. Ford epitomises this contradiction: he is obsessed with order and perfection but he also enjoys reminding us of the imperfect and chaotic nature of existence. And there is an additional paradox on top of that if we consider also Nolan and Joy, since this is a carefully planned and intricately structured series that constantly reminds us of the pointlessness of structures and categorisation. Eventually, in the fictional world of the show, chaos triumphs over order, with the hosts mutinying against their creators. But will that happen as well to the series itself? Is Westworld as doomed by its ambitions as its characters? Will all its questions finally lead us to some answers? Or will these questions die while the series becomes another overexploited franchise? Perhaps the way forward will lie not in answering, but in continuing to ask questions.