I don't know if I can continue on like this anymore. I never thought I needed help because it always seemed like things were looking up Lmao.But no matter how hard I try, the overthinking and the insecurity won't go away. I'm just soooooo tired of trying. Just when I start accepting myself and things start looking bright,BAAM here comes the self loathing thoughts, the jealousy of those who are around you, and just utter sadness. I can't keep on like this. I continuously shut myself out from those who care about me. And pains me everytime. My social life is in the trash. I will go weeks at a time not speaking to anyone unless I have too. But even when I do open my mouth,  I can't seem to open up to them and talk about my emotions or what I'm going through, this in itself is killing me. I'm probably only doing this because I'm halfway through a handle of jack and can't seem to get off my porch at the moment. Also My love life has become nonexistent. Everytime I do my best to show a girl I like her it goes wrong. The overthinking and insecurities about myself come flooding in my head. Even when they reciprocate the feelings back at me I can't bring myself to believe it. No matter how obvious the signals are. I always feel so inadequate, like I could never be enough. Even with meaningless sex. I haven't felt the embrace of a woman for 3 ½ years. Worst part is, I've also been told I'm a good looking dude. But what they dont know is that.  I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis  4 years ago and the medication has severely ruined my hair. To the point that I pull handfuls out every morning. Due to that, I consistently wear beanies. So much so that, its completely noticeable to those around me. That they bring up that they never seen me without one. I've even had women straight up reject me because my hair makes me look like I'm in my 50's(I'm 23) because I'm completely balding. Plus don't get me started with my job/coworker's. I went from being one of the most beloved employees too a complete nothing because of my lack of ability to be open. It's to the point now that I'm more than likely going to lose my job(I've already lost the respect and love of my coworkers[more specifically one in particular] ). Whether you read this or not, I dont care anymore. If I lose my job in this coming week it really won't matter anymore. Between this shitty existence I call a life and this Covid BS. I really won't be needing to stay around much longer. But if somebody can give me any advice plzzz. I just want to be content with myself. I dont even need to be happy. This won't be my suicide letter, this is my final call out for help. Idk anymore. I just want to be good enough.