Hi! As an introductory speaker I'm a very quiet person who has always had a hard time talking to people. And much more of their problems. But it's been so long that I normalize it a lot and I don't think it's a problem. But for a long time now, every time I walk down the street I can't almost breathe. If there is no one I am fine but, if there is someone relatively close I simply stop breathing. I have several thoughts about why that might be, but what do you think it is? I honestly think that I don't have any problem and that I'm just being dramatic, that I think more than it really is. I don't know how to say it, really, but as normal as possible with any interaction with anyone I have to, I try to seem as calm and normal as possible so that they think I'm "normal", because otherwise, in my day-to-day life, if they think I'm "weird", they wouldn't talk to me, and that would be a problem hahaha. I've been trying for a long time to make everything seem OK and that I'm not "weird" just because I'm always quiet or distant. I'm afraid to talk to people and I usually avoid it, but for the future I try to make an effort even though I know I'm not worth shit. But I try not to let it show, that nobody realizes that I'm just a fucking mistake, something so imperfect that it shouldn't exist. Obviously I've thought about suicide but I say nah, I'm fine. It's not a big deal. But I've been drinking almost every day for several months now as a regular thing to "feel good", I smoke every day to "feel calmer". I know I'm probably just feeling sorry for myself. That all this is nothing, but looking "into the future", I think there is no future. I started cutting my arms to feel better when I was 8 years old, (I know that doesn't mean anything, it's just to give information) and now that I'm almost 21 and still the same. I've always been discreet, I didn't want anyone to notice. My problems are my own, you know? But now that I'm older and closer to what "living a life" entails, I don't see myself as capable and day by day it ends up being a problem. I really can't explain it, but I don't know what to do. And I repeat, I don't think I have any problems of any kind, NONE. But the few people I have talked to about this have always ended up leaving because they thought it wasn't normal. I don't blame them, in the end I have the problem. But what am I supposed to do? Should I kill myself? And I'm not saying this in a bad way, I'm just asking for honest opinions, please. ;). I know that the problem in the end is mine and should not affect anyone else so, I do not know what to do. I honestly know that nobody really cares about me (and it's not their fault, I'm very difficult to deal with), and I know that nobody should care about me but myself but it's not like that, because I'm an absolute shit to me. What do I do to change it? A psychologist seems very expensive to me, if it had been an option I guess I wouldn't have talked about this. Without going into details my "family" has always had financial problems and I have never let them realize this; in fact the only person who has tried to get me to go to a professional is my partner, and I feel very bad for him. He actually wants to pay for the treatment but I know it's not worth it and I don't want him to waste the money. I know I could find a better partner. I just don't know what to do. As much as he tries to convince me every day, it's worse. What do you think I should do? If you're going to insult me, I don't care, really, I don't care, whatever you say I understand. But if anyone can tell me something useful, I accept it. Really, I just want to know what I can do, every day is hell and I don't see a possible future (I really don't want to pity anyone, I just think maybe someone can tell me something useful).