This may seem like a troll post I swear it isn’t check my post history. I’m an iron player who just started playing with friends and we’re all in iron. Long story short, this game is mental torture and I seriously want to know how to curve raging n this game game, because it’s impossible. I played counter strike for 5 years, I’ve played Overwatch and Rainbow Six Siege for extensive periods of time. I’ve played toxic games, but it’s child play compared to this community who I can only describe as unemployed and degenerate. For one, even if you’re brand new, you’re teammates who’ve been hard stuck in iron and bronze but think they’re Faker will flame the shit out of you and then run it down mid so fast if a catastrophe happens such as going 0-1 in lane. Also, just when I wue up for another game and tell myself it’s gonna be okay just don’t rage, I get matched with an Arcane comet Nasus smurf who builds all Ap mage items. Most recently I played against a plat 1 Lucian main mid lane who absolutely obliterated me. I had to leave in the middle of the game I’m not going to let that Lucian get the satisfaction of killing a noob and dropping “ez” in the chat when he sold his family to get Lp to get to play 1 and is most likely 30 and jobless. I’m sorry to anyone who that description fits as we’re going through tough times but I can’t help but vent right now, if it weren’t for the fact that I stay in shape and talk to friends besides league of legends I seriously believe I would have jumped off of a bridge by now. I’m addicted to the fun moments in league so no matter how shit I do I still keep coming back. How do I reach a zen state while play gn this game while I don’t become affected because I’ve never played a game this toxic and backwards in my life. The devs don’t balance anything so many characters are overturned to counter act others that everyone’s OP, Overwatch has the same problem. On top of this I get a 25 game chat restriction for flaming back my teammates who lash out at a new player and call them names when they int. They don’t get banned but I do. It’s most likely because riot won’t ban their accounts cause they’ve spent their rent on league skins for 3 consecutive months.