Hello. I'm a main jungler who recently transitioned from adc and I need to ask for some advice. I'll start from the beginning. I was an adc main until my 20th game on ranked this season. I went 10-10 because I was the only one winning lane half of the games while mid, jungle and top were inting most of the time, which is why I decided to start playing jungle. You know, the person who has control over the map & shit. And it actually went fine. I  managed to get to plat 4 pretty easily and when I entered it, I was 36-22. That is when everything went wrong quickly. Since I entered plat, I have lost 15 and won 7 so that makes it around 33% win rate in plat 4. Almost every game I have inting laners, sometimes mid, sometimes bot, sometimes top and sometimes all lanes. Don't get me wrong I know there are these kind of games and I'm honestly kind of used to them. It happens and we all know it. However, to me it has happens every 3 out of 4 games. I just finished a game around 5 minutes ago as morgana jungle and I'm a little tilted which is half the reason why I am currently writing this post. So the game started fine, I did my raptors alone, moved onto red then krugs, backed for dark seal and pink ward( i had sweeper cuz i deep warded enemy red). I go on to my blue side, I do gromp and blue at the same time which is when my top gives first blood. My top is wukong vs garen(wukong on my side). I think nothing of it, because you know it happens. Top was pushed and he died when i had just got to my blue so nothing I could have done. Then he dies again, and he gets ganked and dies again and at this point he is 0/3. My bot is also 0/2 and my mid is doing fine. I see olaf is taking drake, nothing I can do so I just ward his red, take his raptors, get the scuttle and i back with 1.1k gold. Then with my red I see olaf going for rift so I just go back there and I catch him off guard, I get the kill+ the rift. Then I back, gank bot, we get a kill and almost get the tower before I ping them off because vladimir is coming. Now I am 2/1. I decide to head for top side again because garen is pushing, thanks to his confidence. I ping wukong that I am coming when I am in the middle of the river and he just starts chasing garen, jumps under turret and dies even before I have got there, leaving the garen at 50 hp and I take the kill with flash and W. But bot continues to die and my mid also dies once, making him 0/1. And the game just continued like that. I try my best to go everywhere, take objectives but all of the lanes are dying at once even tho I am trying to give them advice and ping them off whenever I see that they are doing something stupid. I have vision on olaf most of the time so I also ping them where he is. Bot just continues to die olaf takes second drake, then third. Enemy garen and trist adc are fed already and I am the only one with a positive score. And we just lose again. My wukong ended 5/9 but he was 1/6 at 13 minutes. Can you guys really tell me how to actually win? I play carry junglers most of the time but I can't really carry even if i have 1 level up on enemy jg and 40cs above him. I used to get 22 lp per win now I got 17 on my last win. I'm just so desperate and confused, because I don't know if it is my fault or matchmaking's fault. Please help me out and thanks in advance.