I had found an old Facebook conversation of my husband and an old guy friend before we met. The friend said that he saw “P” and my husband had said to give her his number. I was in shock because the conversation continued to say that she was married but still wanted to talk to her. Mind you that my husband and I were in a international long distance relationship. Btw he’s 10 years older than I am. I had asked him about this person and he said it was just an old friend from high school. Fast forward to this year, I found sneaky and flirty emails of the same person “P”. The messages were about how she wanted to be with him and he said he always will love her. I got so upset because not only did I had my gut feeling suspicion about this “P”, my husband lied to me. I saw the email conversations and it was when him and I were “dating” long distance. I was disgusted to find out that he had made a fake email for her to talk to him behind her husband’s back. I had then again, asked him if he ever saw her and when this whole situation stopped? He later shrug and said it was old and that it was a mistake. I later then go into the made up account (don’t ask me how) and see more flirty conversations when I was visiting him in his country. More mad, he lied to me again. This secret conversation carried through our whole relationship. There were conversations of him and “P” planning to meet up, and later switched the conversation to WhatsApp. Sadly I have no access to his WhatsApp. I ask him did you see her and he says no. I ask him if he ever talked to her on WhatsApp and he says no. It drives me more crazy that he just doesn’t admit it. I know what I read. Anyways, I was using his laptop to see our old photos when there was a WhatsApp screenshot of a conversation with “P”. I honestly had it. He had her saved as “Love 2”, considering that he had me as “Love”. My mind is going everywhere. I feel betrayed that I married someone like him. If he was cheating on me with a married woman, what else could he have done or do in the future. I honestly didn’t know about this “P” person. I had always thought our relationship was going so well. We even got married because I was so I love with him. Nowadays, I ask myself what I did wrong to deserve this. I question my appearance and my abilities...