Ok so I'm gonna get downvoted for this but I feel the need to say this. While I don't think Russell deserved to win (that's not an anomaly many great games don't deserve to win in the end) mostly for his final tribal speech as colby had said that is half of survivor and he would know as that ruined him from probably winning Australia. This also has nothing to do with his HvV game but I don't think that one is as bad as people say. First thing while does was a bad move in terms of sabotaging his tribe though alot of that was for the cameras if I want to speculate however no one knew it was him so if you're gonna do it he did it the best way possible. However his next move changed survivor as we know it in finding the idol without a clue. That was a great move. Then he basically controlled every vote to that point except ben who he probably saw as his final 3 goat. Then after controlling his tribe without people realizing it as they just kinda knew he was strategic and the ones who saw threw him were gone. Then the merge. This is his 3rd mess up here as he showed everyone the idol and people tricked him into wasting it though natalie saved him there. Then we have Russell's 2nd best move which was not giving up and finding his 2nd idol without a clue. No one was ever able to find idols that quickly before. Then he played it perfectly, told shambo to have her help make sure galu votes him and plays the idol in a groundbreaking flashy move that almost every survivor wants to replicate. Then I think we have his best move which is getting john to flip on galu after the tie to vote out his closest ally. He knew exactly who to go to when it came to finding a flipper. Then when john wanted a foa foa out next he voted john out so he wouldn't reveal the backdoor deal he made and still got his vote. Then dave went in typical vote off. Then he let his power get the better of him with Monica in admittedly horrible social game their. I think if he takes everything in stride he probably wins as the jury doesn't see him be rude to the person about to leave. Dave was typical vote off stuff not alot to touch on their. Final 6 he gets rid of shambo. Bad move as he would of beat shambo. Then he votes out Jaison but lies to him on mick. Bad move. Then Brett goes home in what was a no brainers though Russell giving him hope was a horrible move but I think that was for some level of tension for the viewers at home. Then he collapses in the final 3. So while his end game and day 1 antics was bad gameplay everything from day 2 to the Monica boot was a legit great game. He just took the wrong person to the end and gave a bad final speech.