I’ll tell you mine. I can either laugh or cry about this because it really is stupid. We’re at the final 9. The merge is more on the delayed side so this is final 9, pre merge, and redemption is in play. There are two tribes. One of 5 and one of 4. I’m on the tribe of 5. No one is at redemption because the last redemption inhabitant quit so no one is there. I decided to ask my tribe to vote me out because I thought I had the best chance out of any of them to win the redemption duel. They vote me out in a 4-1 vote and I go to redemption. We are now at the final 8. I was hoping Jeff would say it’s time to merge tribes. He didn’t tho he said the next challenge will begin soon so I knew I had to beat at least one person in a redemption island duel. The tribe that I wasn’t on when I got voted out was the tribe that lost the challenge. I had 31 wins at the time and the guy who got voted out here only had 5 and this was All-Stars so I felt like I was golden. I was in. I can win this duel and get back in cahoots with my original tribe. So the last redemption duel is right around the corner. It’s a minute away and I say to Caleb (the other guy that I was in redemption with) Do u want to do the hack (when you do nothing in the duel and if no one completes the duel before the merge tribal council is over then both redemption inhabitants return to the game) he says sure. I believed him. So I stood there waiting for tribal council to end and when I least expect it, he starts clicking tiles (this duel was pattern platform) as soon as I see him start to do that because I had his eye on him, I knew he was a liar and I began to try and solve the pattern on the pattern platform. I complete it almost the exact same time that Caleb completes it. I’m 98% sure that I had both puzzles completed perfectly. Caleb just completed it probably 0.2 seconds before I did. He then told me after that he was just fooling around with the tiles on the pattern platform and actually had no intentions of trying to beat me.