I’ve seen a lot of post that say “a wins a win” or “they won so it’s all the same” yes they all won fair and square and got the jury on their side. However, some of these winners played boarder-line bad games, just everyone else around them was worse. Believe it or not survivor like the great Tom W. Says is “1/3 strategic, 1/3 social, and 1/3 luck” being great socially isn’t everything (like some people like to claim). Being great strategically also isn’t everything (as others claim). You have to be both in order to be great, it is a game after all. There are winners that are way better than other winners. People like to deny this, and say “well they got the votes so what’s the difference?” The difference is that it is greater respected that you set yourself up to use as little luck as possible. Not needing idols and immunity wins is taking out some luck. You have to use your social ability to convince others to strategically vote someone out who will make it easier for you to get to the end. Some people like Boston Rob worked their butts off to get to the final day, not skipping a beat and if he did anything different would have lost. Others floated to the end, doing little work, but gathered friends or no enemies to win. I see it as the harder you worked to get there the better you are. I don’t see immunity wins or idols as hard work rather luck, if you don’t get a challenge that suits you then you lose and lose the game. If someone sticks their hand in a tree before you then you lose. People who work so that they never are in danger of going home are what I respect the most. I see myself having little respect for a game that was leaning on being underestimated or trying to do as little as possible so that they would be seen as a goat but still miraculously win. I can respect leading votes to get you in a position to win more so than riding votes that could get you to the end. This is why people like Rob, Kim, Earl, Todd get more of my respect than people like Natalie White, Bob, or Ben.