Hi, I’m a survivor of sexual abuse that occurred almost 4 years ago. My girlfriend at the time (i’m also female) abused me almost nonstop for a little over 2 months. she would sit with me in front of an open window at our local library and fondle me without my consent. because i was in front of open windows for people to see, i didn’t fight her off as strongly as i should have. i said no and pushed her hands away a few times each but she’d continue anyway. after 2 months of constant abuse it led to rape. then when i confided in my friend (who i didn’t know was a mutual friend) word got around to the abuser that i told someone about it and she started trying to convince my friends i was lying and i was actually the abuser. i was in my sophomore year and now i’m 2 years out of high school. i’m in college now for cosmetology and there’s a daytime and nighttime program. i’ve been in the night program since August and in january, my abuser joined the daytime program. i’ve run into her several times in the last few weeks. each time, i get nauseous and shake and i can’t control my emotions. next monday my class is required to go to the daytime class for a really important event and i’m terrified. her teacher is selecting 3-4 students of the 15 to help set up and cater the event, which are much higher chances of her being picked than i’m comfortable with. i feel like i can’t function when i’m worrying about seeing her and this is an extremely important event with a lot of representatives for local salons so i need to be on my A game to impress them and i can’t when i’m worrying about her being there. she asked my teacher today if she could join my class for a few hours to get her nails done when she knows i’m in here. that makes me extremely anxious that she may approach my friends and tell them the same lies she told my friends in highschool. That was a long story just to ask for advice but i need help figuring out what to do. i can’t miss this event but i may as well if i’m not gonna be functioning at 100% there. i feel like i’m over reacting and i shouldn’t let it bother me so much but i can’t control it. can someone give me tips on controlling my emotions and making sure i don’t make a fool of myself if she does come to my class?