This is going to be long but I hope you read to the end. I’ve never posted on reddit in my life but I knew from reading some stories on here that at the very least I could get some feedback, positive or negative I just have to get this off my chest. I’m 26, I’m female, and I feel like my life has been a series of progressively more abusive and sexually abusive situations since I was raped at 12. After the assault as a child I kept it to myself until the age of 17, when in a moment of desperation I just spewed the truth to my mother, I was laboring under the delusion that as long as I didn’t speak it it wasn’t real, I figured that it was my shame to bear and I couldn’t put those images of me in a situation like that into the minds of my loved ones. I didn’t want to ruin myself in their eyes when I was already ruined in my own. I didn’t attempt to have any sort of consensual sexual relationship until I was also 17(which at least where I grew up was considered late) my “boyfriend at that time was younger than me, 15, the first time I went over to his house we smoked pot and he held me down and sodomized me on the couch while his parents slept upstairs, I remember crying silently and listening to the episode of scrubs play on his laptop, I already disliked the show but it makes me queasy now, I went home and he told me to take a shower and then begged me not to tell anyone what happened. I kept my mouth shut, I have a bad habit of doing that, if I don’t say it it never happened; I didn’t know it then but I know now that I was slowly becoming more isolated and making it more and more difficult for me to connect with people in a healthy meaningful way. By the time I graduated high school I didn’t have any friends, I was dating a new guy that I could have sex with without having a panic attack and actively starving myself and taking massive amounts of amphetamines. I will credit myself for one thing I can draw, very well, I got into a good art school(which I won’t name for privacy reasons) and left home for the first time in my life. The first year was good, I made friends, I partied, I felt normal for once in my life. And underlying current that I will mention now because it comes back later; is that I had been progressively been developing an interest in bdsm culture, until it got to the point where that was really the only thing that could even arouse me, that and needing men who were older than I was. Now reader, this isn’t a mystery to me why someone who has a history of trauma might develop a fetish like this. Maybe I’m trying to digest my trauma in a safer controlled setting, maybe it lets me take the power of choice back, maybe it just fucked me up in the head to the point that my wires are crossed and since it was my introduction to sex through violence that now I think that how it’s supposed to be, both my parents are psychologists, I’ve had therapy, I’m at peace with not having an exact explanation but I am quite sure being raped as a child influences my sexuality as an adult. Back to my history, I know this is long but I would explain if it wasn’t necessary. I had a breakdown at the end of my freshman year of college, my eating disorder was getting progressively worse and I had become suicidal, I took a semester off. By the time I can back all my “friends” from the previous year had moved on, we had disconnected, once again I felt alone and worthless. The first week I returned to school I went to a party with my 24yrold roommate, I was 19 at the time, I got too drunk and she took me back to her boyfriends house, I woke up with one of her boyfriends housemates on top of me and inside me on the sofa. I went back to my dorm, I was angry, for the first time in my life I decided to call the cops. The statute had run out when I was a child, I had showered and been pressured into destroying evidence when I was 17, but not then, I was going to try to protect myself this time. I called the cops, I remember the whole dorm coming out to see what was happening, I was humiliated but I wanted justice for myself and that mattered more. Well, I guess it only mattered to me. My school was in the south, the questions I was asked by the police were very focused on how much I had been drinking and if I remembered anything, if I had been restrained, had we met before, did I think he would agree with what happened. They clearly didn’t take me seriously from the moment I walked in, I had the tape kit done and went back to my dorm in my hospital provided clothes and got in the shower. I listened to my roommate call me a slut and a liar through the thin dorm walls. Within a week it became a he said she said. He denied it, as anyone would when accused with rape and discouraged me to prosecute, I didn’t have any marks on my body, they found dna in my body but nothing that couldn’t be explained away with consensual sex. The case was thrown out. I’d never trust the cops again from this point. I moved out of the dorm and got my own apartment, I will glaze over this section until I’m 21, just know I met someone I truly loved during that period, a lot happend but it’s not relevant to why I’m writing this now. It ended with him because I couldn’t be honest about my background. Now to get to the meat of it, I was in a relationship from 21-24 in which I was severely abused, my possessions and money stolen, I had no contact with my family, I was beaten, dragged, my ribs broken, strangled, knives were held to my throat, foreign objects were put inside me. The entire time this was happening I was abusing opioids to try to escape but when I got clean he resented me for it and it became more severe. Neighbors knew, my work must have known, no one helped no one asked if I was ok, not one person fucking cared. He was a severe addict, he both made my life a living hell and made me responsible for his life, I can’t tell you how many times he overdosed in front of me and I revived him. Or he tweaked out on something and brought dangerous people around me while I locked myself in the bedroom and hid and cried. It all only stopped when he was arrested in a warrant he had had since we met and I packed my few belongings and moved to a different apartment. He stalked me until I was 25, at one point cornering me in a lobby and biting my face while he attempted to rape me, until he was interrupted my a passerby and fled. I left that state shortly after. Now finally at last, we get to why I’m writing my entire history. When I got back to my hometown I decided I wanted to try to date casually, something I had never done, I was going to work and be normal I didn’t want a long term relationship I wanted to find out what I wanted as a person before all that. This was September of 2019 at this point. I went on a few dates and people were nice to me, I decided I was going to try to have a bdsm experience since it was something I had been interested in but at this point had never truly tried. I met someone through tinder, the first night it was candles and some impact play I liked it and it felt controlled, I wouldn’t see him again until Halloween. Now this is where I hate myself, this is where I lie up at night and scream in my head that if I wasn’t so fucking stupid and if I had just stayed away from men from everyone then this wouldn’t have happened. He wanted me to show up in just an oversized white shirt, fine nothing too over the top. He drives to a parking garage and parks. I’m confused I ask why we are hear and he begins hitting me in the face, hard, hard like my ex did. I can feel myself drifting away and separating from what’s happening I can hear myself crying but I can’t feel it. He wrestles me into the back of the car. Forgive me this is hard to type and I don’t know I way to explain without being graphic so this is your warning. Once I’m in the back of the car he proceeded to bite my arms and face, there were bites on my arms that bled, and following the attack were swollen to the point I looked like I was disfigured. He then bent me in half so that my face was against the floor of the car and my torso and legs were stuck up vertically so I could move, I could hardly breathe, I was certain I was probably going to die. At this point I remember he lit a cigarette, he lit a cigarette and told me one thing the entire attack “survive” and the he began burning my exposed butt. I’m not talk light touch and pull away burns I mean he put the cigarette out in my flesh, I could smell my skin, I laid there with my head crushed against the floor of the car and smelled my flesh cook. I don’t know how long it went on. He put out nearly a full pack on my body, I remember hearing the lighter flick and knowing it wasn’t over, I remember being relieved when each one went out because I hoped it would be the last, I remember screaming in a way I didn’t know I was capable of, I remember begging, I remember him laughing at me. When it was all over I curled up on the floor while he drove the car in silence, he let me out down the street from my home, he pulled me out of the car and peeled off. I went home, I went to bed. I didn’t get medical attention. I completely blamed myself. I still do. The name he used was fake. The profile is gone I checked as I removed my own profile from the app. From what I managed to piece together by the depth and color of my burns they are second degree and they took two full months to even close. I became afraid to leave my house, I curled up and cried every time I saw the wounds in the shower, I couldn’t sit I could hardly walk right. Now they have closed and turned into horrific dark keloid scars. They itch and burn and are rough to the touch. They are ugly and so am I. I can’t look at myself in the mirror, I can’t stand to feel them on my body. It feels like a constant visible reminder for every bad thing that has ever happened in my life culminating in and experience that I fear has truly ruined me mentally and physically. I know I won’t be able to find a partner like this but more importantly I can no longer picture myself as anything other that ruined, filthy, disposable and worthless. Sometimes I wake up and hope that this is all some nightmare, but it never ever is. I don’t know if anyone can relate to this or if this is even being read right now but I hope it is. I haven’t told a living soul and I just couldn’t take it anymore. It happened, it happened and I need to talk about it, I can’t keep it inside anymore. Any comments, feedback, advice it’s all appreciated. If you read this far thank you, it means a lot to me to know that someone even got this far. I apologize for any spelling and grammar mistakes, this became a stream of consciousness rant and I don’t want to go back and proof read and and subsequently lose my nerve to post.