POSSIBLE TRIGGER WARNING: Nothing that happened to me feels like abuse. It also never really affected me until recently. When I was around 8 my sister started suggesting we play "love" and what this meant was going on the playset and making out and telling each other how much we loved each other and all that stuff. I remember one time we got naked and laid under her bed together, im not sure if we did anything while naked because I cant remember. During this, I discovered I would get a boner whenever we did this stuff. I told my sister about it and i think she said she wanted to see so I told her to come in the bathroom. In the bathroom I was sitting there with my pants off and nothing happened so I told her she has to tell me "love stuff" and she started saying my name telling me how much she loves me and saying im hot and sexy and stuff and it seriously turned me on. To this day, I have an incest kink. I started watching porn at around 11 I think and started masturbating then too and I had a super high sex drive.  Also, when I was about 12 or 13 I was watching porn and wanted to know what a dick tasted like.... so I went over to my little brother who was sleeping and i put my mouth on his thingy. I cant even say the name of it because I'm so ashamed of doing that. I'm 16 now and i never really thought much into what happened when i was younger but I feel like a real piece of shit. I've instigated some of the sexual things in the past and it all makes me feel like a rapist and a creep. I have so many messed up kinks today and idk if its because I'm weird or because of what happened with my sister. Also, my parents knew about me and my sister kissing and stuff and they just said "dont do that" and we said "why? its LOVE??" and that was all they ever said about it.  So, i thought it was okay and normal what we did. I truly thought we were in love and dating and i think it fucked me up to realize we weren't. During everything and up until I was 15,  my dad was also verbally abusive to me and sometimes physically abusive too.