From four years old on I was incredibly neglected by my family unless I was making mistakes. I was constantly only ever criticized and encouragement was a critique not true encouragement. Stay at home alcoholic father would get blacked out pissing himself drunk and would watch porn with me in the room. Starting there and my older brother (whose gone on to act a lot like my father) used to tell me about weird and inappropriate sex from the time I was 10 on. With all the sexual weirdness and discouraging sentiment from my family I turned to the internet for an escape. I would try to talk to girls but obviously frequently encountered old men pretending to be young girls/just shooting their shot. After awhile of being passed over (I was chubby nerdy tween, I shouldn’t have even been trying to talk to girls, I just didn’t know how else to feel affection at the time) eventually I folded to these online pedophiles because they were the only people in my life telling me I was attractive and made me feel like I was worth anything, wether or not that was for my child body. While I know I was pushed to it I just am struggling not to feel like I did it to myself. That I caused myself this trauma. I’m not even into men, it didn’t follow me, I wasn’t into men I was into the attention these pedophiles were giving me. The whole years of online grooming/making me send them child porn has actually caused me to feel repulsed by the idea of being intimate with a man (for me) I was luckily too scared to ever do it but multiple of these men tried to get me to meet them when they would visit the large tourist city near to where I’m from. Quar has caused me to feel like I did then, isolated, alone, scared and I obviously can’t sexually abuse myself like I did when I was a kid, but I’m feeling the same level of shame and disgust with myself as I did then. I guess I’m just looking for some sort of confirmation it’s ok to feel like this and if this is common amongst neglected boys and young men or if I’m just particularly fucked.