I found out my partner had an emotional affair when I was living with him at his family's house, helping him separate from his narcissistic mom and grandma. I found out from a picture his coworker had posted while I was already quarantined with him in our new place, after getting him out of his abusive house. This coworker was someone we already had an issue with before and he had assured me it didn't go father than a specific event he came clean about (only after getting caught).During quarantine, I came across a picture on the co-workers account, only bc I noticed my bf's brothers were following her, which I thought was strange considering he went no contact with them bc they were helping his mom abuse him. The post said alot of things about how he was her best friend and wiped her tears for the last year and how she loved him. This is coming from someone he promised me he stopped talking to after the first incident we encountered. I felt extremely betrayed but after confronting him I forgave him again. About two weeks later I still had a feeling he was hiding things and gave him an ultimatum. We could start over if he could be completely honest or we could end things permanently bc at that point I didn't trust him anymore. He came clean about more details like how he had taken full body pictures of her for her 'bf' while they were at work, he had discussed our problem with he, (I begged him at the time to talk to me and he would give me the silent treatment or show he was angry in other ways), he would also do playful fun things with her but would always come home and talk to his family and then tell me he was too tired to spend time with me. Even though we are still together and he's not treating me like this anymore I'm still scared of what happens when he goes back to work. & I understood that he was tired from work I used to work Mon-Fri all day plus go to school full-time and pay the rent for us, let him use my car that I paid for to go to work, and still cook, budget, and be there for him emotionally. So it's not like I was just being clingy.