I hate you… I hate you so much. I hate all of you. You guys have utterly destroyed me. Im broken. I'm hurting. You tore my soul out. You took my childhood away from me. You hurt me for your own pleasure. You didn’t even think how it could affect my life. I starve myself and make myself vomit in an attempt to lose enough weight to where I feel like I am in control of my body. To remove your touch from every spot you held. I'm tearing myself apart by the minute, I hate me more than I hate you. Which is not how it should be. I'm blaming myself for your wrong doings because I just can’t be mad at someone else...even if its right for me to be. I don’t sleep well. Constant nightmares run through my head. The ways you’ve touched me and taken advantage of me, all of it is played on repeat in my head when I sleep, even when I do simple things like taking a shower or brushing my teeth. The memories won't ever leave. They hurt even if they're not happening anymore. I can’t even vent about it to my boyfriend because I always end up feeling bad because you guys piss him off. He hates your guts and never even allows me to try and help. He just keeps it to himself and tries to bury it for me. He doesn’t vent about it to me because I'm too broken to handle anybody else’s problems. Because I'm incapable of being even remotely helpful. And I hate it. I hate me...People say I help, but that's probably only because I feel bad if I don't. I probably don’t actually help at all… and that’s okay I guess. Who would want the broken girl helping them out anyways. I’m merely a sex doll or punching bag. And I just have to accept it. I don’t know why i ever thought I could be anything other than that. I don’t know why I hoped I could be more than that. I’m told that you guys don’t define me.. But how do I believe that? I grew up like that, that’s how I was raised, the fact I went through it makes so many people feel pity for me and not want to “add more to my plate” it plays a large role in how people act around me. So it does define me even if they say it doesn’t. If it never happened no one would feel bad for talking to me about what they deal with… but it did happen and I can’t change it. I’m just an empty shell now, all I deserve is to be tossed and used like a rag doll. Nothing more.. I need to accept that. I love My boyfriend and he gives me hope that itll be different. I want it to be different. But how do I get better? I can’t even talk about it without feeling bad. I ruined his views on the sexual parts of relationships. He’s scared to even slightly mention anything regarding sex because it could affect me. He doesn’t deserve that. And I don’t even know how to help him fix it or cope with the anger it gives him. I….you destroyed me.. I don’t want to let you guys win.. But I want to just give in. it didn’t hurt as much when I just gave in. it hurts to fight and try to get over it. To think i could be anything more. I'm just a girl. I'm just a girl with a hot body. That’s all i'll ever be. Idk why it's so hard to accept..i want to be normal. I want to want things like sex and not fear it.. But idk if i’ll ever be able to. Might as well say goodbye to kids. Cant have them if you don’t have sex. Might as well say goodbye to my boyfriend. He wants kids and his parents want him to as well, he can’t have them with me if im not wanting to do the action to have them. It breaks my heart. Might as well stop worrying about whether or not my period starts this month or not, doesn’t matter either way anymore...no one would want someone as broken as me as their mother anyways. I just need to go back to not wanting anything again. I’ll never be able to have it. I’m sorry mom, i’m sorry (my boyfriend), i'm sorry to my family, i'm sorry to everyone. But I'll never be the same again. They stripped away my self worth until it was all gone...the little girl I used to be. The bundle of joy and hope. The girl who didn’t give two hoots about what anyone thought of her and embraced it. Explored new things and always enjoyed it. Played games with an old beat up fridge that was in the backyard. Had a wondrous imagination. Loved herself. Found it so amazing that she could do flips around a bar, could go across the monkey bars without falling off, collected snowglobes, gave millions of hugs, the girl who always had hope, the girl that laughed without a second thought about it, the girl who wanted more than anything just to be adventurous and see the world, the girl who looked forward to starting school just because she wanted to try out what her sisters did and bring homework home, the girl who loved eating, the girl that made forts in the dirt for her zoo toys, the girl who wanted ants as pets, the girl who loved when we’d go out to a fast food place for a treat, the girl who talked to her family about things that bugged her, the girl who was rambunctious and loud, the girl who was so fascinated with others, the girl who didn’t care about being judged, the girl who spoke her opinion, the girl her family loved, the girl who loved hanging out with family,  the girl who never broke a rule and immediately confessed if she did, the girl who never told a lie, the girl who would try to stay up all night for the heck of it, the girl who’d crawl in bed with her mom and dad if she had a nightmare, the girl who was always proud of herself for even the smallest things, the girl that always helped out, the girl who didn’t care if she had friends or not, the girl who ran around all the time, who did somersaults and flips, the girl who pretended to be an actor with her sisters, the girl who’d go outside all the time even late at night and complain when she had to go in, the girl that was once me. It's insane how much you broke me and changed me from that to what I am now. How could you destroy me like that?? I shower and try to scrub your hands off, they are imprinted on me, they’re invisible scars. I can’t get it off though… I’m so damaged.. Why me…. Just why.. I don’t know why the reason doesn’t make it any better. I've been told it's because I'm beautiful and I have a hot body that’s irresistible… but it doesn’t help.. It tears me apart even more. It makes me hate my body more because now i feel like maybe if it wasn’t so attractive your hands never would’ve touched me. I live life scared now. I’m not the confident girl I used to be...no one can come behind me without making me uncomfortable or scared...it sucks. And its all because youre stupid ass had to be horny and feel it was right to destroy me like that. You had to be selfish and damage my entire existence. I don’t know if I’ll ever get better.