 since a young age I have never trusted guy's 17 years old I got asked out and turned the guy let's call him Jay down. my mother was upset but I didn't feel good about jay I got bad vibes . two weeks later we take him home and three girls claiming to be his girlfriends were fighting, pulling hair slapping each other and cussing fighting over him saying " he's mine B . when Jay gets out . another girl in a car gets out and app its his other gf and gets out to and she goes all in for all three girl's cussing and full on punching them . he just acted like it's fine . then later I started gaming and I had a married man with 5 kids try flirt with me but when I refused to have any part . he ended up making up lies . but later he came to me blamed me for him cheating on his wife with another woman. not long later another guy who's gf was having his son started hitting on me and another gamer girl ( she was cheating on her abusive partner )I went right off and told him he didn't straighten up I'd tell his girl. No woman deserves to have just given birth and have their partner cheating . then another guy wanted me to meet him at his house . I refused to go due to really bad vibes . later i found out that he'd been saying he was planing to force him self on me ( god help him if he tried) then later I met a guy at a sports club he was cool . we got chatting . we talked on fb and he asked a lot of personal questions " how do you feel about moving to the country" and he said he can cook better if I let him cook for me . I walked away from talking with him blocking him because I had bad vibes again. then one day he shows up at the sports club and apparently she's his " fiance" of two year and have been dating for 11 years . Honestly every time I went to the sports club I felt like clocking him and he's never out of my area and it take's so much in me not to slap him . I don't know if I'll ever have a relationship because of everything I have seen to many cheaters and players I just want to be able to feel like I am worth more than just some guy's pet