This is probably going to be a long one.  I guess the way I’ll try to explain it is chronologically. I (29f) met my now husband (45m) about 3 years ago and we hit it off immediately.  As a truck driver, he would pass by every couple of weeks and stay the night.  We would talk on the phone frequently.  Mind you, he lived about 10 hrs from me in another country.  He was married at the time, but had just started the process of separation/ divorce with his ex of 18 years.  She is rather crazy and my now husband wanted to keep our relationship private to avoid her worsening the divorce.  His friends can attest to this, And I had spoken to his lawyer personally a few times. Remember this part as being verified true.  I didn’t agree since she was dating already but respected his choice.  Everything was near perfect between us.  We would talk on the phone for hours upon hours a day.  My only complaint was he was quiet while home ( we are still long distance).  No matter how much I told him it bothered me, this never changed.  We eventually decide to get married after his divorce finalizes.  He sold their home and ended up transferring a large sum to me as I lended him quite a bit to remodel.  We are finally able to get married and I prepare to move to his country. He comes to me to help pack and follows me up.  The DAY we head back, I get a ton of interesting text messages and Facebook messages.  Turns out, since before I even met him, he’s been living with another woman (not the ex wife).  She sent photos and screen shots to prove it.  They live together, and are in a romantic relationship.  It all makes sense now why he wanted to keep me secret and wouldn’t let me come to visit him, he could only visit me. I confront him and he tries to deny saying it was an old fling and this is his ex wife messing with me.  I can tell for a fact the photo is recent.  After prying he starts giving in but remains defensive the entire time.  He is more upset he’s been caught than anything else at this point. If it wasn’t for already leaving my home, my stuff packed and inaccessible for months and immigration lawyers paid, I’d have left right then.  But I didn’t.  I’m in shock so bad, I’m not even angry.  I’m actually super calm and try to talk with him.  It is like pulling teeth getting him to communicate.  He still to this day refuses to call what he had with this woman a “relationship”.  Months later I am still in shock and cannot wrap my head around any of this.  The fact that he transferred a large sum of money, matching tattoos, and the fact he married me, says he wants to be with me.  But why do what he did?  Ok, maybe he didn’t want to say at first, and scared to leave this other woman,  take a month and do it.  No, he continues to date both of us for two years at the same time, neither of us knowing the truth.  This continued while we dated, during our engagement and 2 months after getting married until the very day he came to get me.   His lying is unbelievable.  I can remember him saying how he hasn’t had sex for the past 7-8 months when I met him.  Him saying I could go through his phone if I ever wanted, how I have nothing to ever worry about.  With all the talks, I still feel as though he’s lying about small details in regards to money spent on her, him claiming he never took his wedding ring off while there.  He seems to show 0 remorse and has no answer for what he’s done other than “ he had no choice”. Which isn’t true.  He was supposed to be staying at his daughters house and was paying her rent the entire time.  Months later, I’m still in shock and am to the point I’m not even sexually aroused any more.  Not with him, not with myself, nothing.  I still feel so numb over all this.  Since finding out, he has had 0 contact with the other woman.  I ride in the semi with him so it’s physically impossible for him to do anything.  I have no idea how to rebuild trust or how to even move forward.  We tried online counseling for a month, and while he did technically participate, he didn’t take it seriously and thinks he doesn’t need any help.  It’s like I know this is a lost cause and I need to get out, but I just can’t bring myself to do it.  The man I fell in love with was just too perfect.