 I'm a ti in Elkhart, IN and my gs are absolutely murdering me with covert torture that amounts to human trafficking, identity theft, stalking, torture, rape, robbery and murder. They have rendered me into a prisoner lab-rat 24/7. They prison-rape and murder me in my bedroom and bathroom. I mean, they treat me like a prison-bitch. They voice and monitor me in torture manner to the point I have zero privacy and that is murder. They are acting as if they have raped and pillaged my apartment and that they actually live here via occupation. I would give them life in prison if not put a noose around their neck like Eichmann the Nazi and hang them in the village square. Their tactics are pure rotten evil creepy like Nazi/Stalin/ISIL and sound like serial killers from satan's hell and it is violent. I simply do not understand why law enforcement does not recognize the violence in this even though it is all covert never in person. And why after telling all levels of the authorities, that they are not hunting these monsters down with dogged determination. I even tell them, please help me before they kill me !!! The last time I dialed 911 scared for my safety, they hauled me off kicking and screaming to a forced 5-day Mental Psych Ward stay and I have bills from it. And they are calling me and I am having flash-backs from the entire nightmare. And I am living in fear and am absolutely terrified that either the Mental people or the cops are going to come and beat down my door and drag me out of here. A wild thing occurred recently where the shed next to my apt caught fire somehow don't know how, and at 3am the police were pounding on my door to tell me and I had PTSD flashbacks frozen in terror like deer caught in headlights that they were here to take me away as I got out of bed. It is just so sad I am scared of the police. Even now as I type this, the gs are muttering to try to mess me up. It is so frustrating doing anything on my computer or cell as they interfere. Today I want to strongly urge all ti to hammer home the point that this is not mental illness - this hellish grizzly nightmare is all too real. I just want somebody out there to know this is happening and hey, I'm still alive over here. I am just dumb-founded these gs can inflict misery on me 24/7 and there is nothing I can do about it. I can get a private investigator to do de-bugging for $1000.00 and I'm wondering if that would even be worth it. I've talked to this PI and he sounds like a Dawg, the type that gs should not want after them. That is what I need - some type of Special Forces to hunt them down like bin Laden. Many ti have told me no do not spend any money - the gs want you to spend wasted money. I just cannot sit here and do nothing about it. God is helping me. Any advice?🤣🕵️‍♂️🧩