The only thing I’ve ever wanted to do in my life is help kids who need it the most. There is nothing more powerful than a child who feels love, compassion, and has their wild imagination. The only way we can better this world is taking care of the children who will one day run it . Many kids don’t get a fair chance and that needs to change if we want to see a real change and development in humanity. It starts with these little souls and nurturing those souls so they become someone who is at peace within themselves and who will also spread that peace. Children are the future is quite literal so let’s help the future by being good parents, teachers, role models, etc. I don’t care how cheesy I sound, this is real life and I’m tired of seeing children suffer because adults are shit. We can’t save everyone but why the hell not try ? For a long time I’ve felt like I’m without a purpose, because i knew I needed to contribute some kind of good and help to the world but I didn’t know how to or where to start. I feel like everything I have been through was to put me in a place where I can relate to others going through it and help them. Again, I’m not trying to be “that guy” who throws around cliches and cheeseballs but I really want to make a positive contribution while I’m on this earth. I don’t want my pain and trauma to be what makes me ME. The child in me doesn’t want my past experiences to be a negative skidmark on my timeline. I want, all the times ive pushed through, to matter in a beneficial way not in a way that hurts my soul or the souls I come in contact with. It’s weird but I don’t want my pain to be without a reason and I’m not gonna let that reason be a negative ass one. I can’t bleach those skid marks on my timeline but I can do some tie dye and then at least help one person love this world and most importantly, themselves. If anyone reads this please let me know how I can help my dream fully take its course. I want ideas how to help kids and what resources I have available to use? I took the first step in this whole thing and decided to become a teacher. What next ?