I'm in the middle of divorce proceedings. Mediation is set for April 25th. About a year ago my stbxw of 11 years started the typical not in love anymore scenario and after about 10 months of some serious emotional abuse I found out about her affair on Christmas eve. After the initial shock I fell back into letting her abuse me and even begged for her back a couple times. But I've done a lot of work on myself the past 3 months. I started taking boxing lessons. I've been on 2 vacations alone to visit friends and explore. I've started remodeling my house. I've gotten into cooking and guitar. I've read multiple books and constantly listen to podcasts. I've gone out and met new friends and rekindled old friends. I've gone to therapy and am dealing with a lot of my issues. I stay busy at work. I've spent time alone to process things. I've done a lot and continue to do things to help re build my life. However, as I start to come out of the trauma induced fog and start to realize my marriage was over long ago and as I work on accepting that another huge glaring loss has come into view. My kids. I have a 6 yo, 4yo and 3 yo. They are my entire world and everything I've done for the past 8 years has been centered around them. They literally saved my life multiple times. So far I have 50/50 custody and it seems it'll stay that way. I am super grateful that I have 50/50 because I know it could be worse. But I see 50/50 as losing out on 50 percent of my kids lives. I've missed so many things in the past 3 months that I'll never get back and I'm struggling at the thought of everything else I'll miss. I'm actually more angry at my stbxw over her taking me out of my kids lives more than anything.  I'm scared that our bond will weaken, I'm scared that they won't know how much I love them and want to be with them. I've already lost my wife and my marriage, I don't want to lose my kids too. As time goes on and I rebuild myself I'm realizing I have to learn to rebuild myself without my kids being fully intertwined in my life as well and it's starting to fucking kill me. Anyone deal with this? What are coping skills to deal with the lonely and quiet house that was once filled with kids? Did you feel like you were losing your kids too? I know I have to step up and make sure they know that I'm always there for them and that I truly love them, but there's only so much I can do 50 percent of the time. I really miss them and it's just another awesome shit sandwich that I didn't want.