Ok so im (m32) married to the woman of my dreams (f33). We have kids and both married before. My ex and my current wife are the only women ive been with. My current wife had a much wilder past and is far more experienced thsn i am. I struggled through my own insecurities there and fought through it. Im her present and future. However we have friends we are close with. A m and f. They arent together but are fwb and best buds basically. We all started a group chat about a year ago and are all close. Well 6 months ago or so the group chat got plsyful and flirty and long story short the wife and ither girl start sharing some sexier pics...which got sexier in time. I was always the one pumping the brakes on it at first. My wife admitted it was exciting for her to share and to see and eventually...nudes were posted. She asked me first and we talked about it. Ive been a little jealous every time but pushed past and she assured me its all for fun and she loves just me. Which i believe. She just said she gets extremely turned on knowing she is causing pleasure for everyone. But NOW she confided in me that she wants to try a same room swap with them. All of us playing and sharing. He's bigger and more experienced than i am and the amount of jealousy i felt right off the bat was overwhelming. The thought of seeing another guy inside her or her doing things to him. She swears she loves me and will no matter what. Thats its just something fun we can share. I trust her and trust my friends or i would have shut the chat down long ago. Theyre always respectful. (And side note: she said shes not comfortable at all with strangers at this point and even if she were it wouldnt make my feelings any different.) Basically im looking for advice or hearing your experiences. I dont need to be lectured about how im not ready. Obviously i know im not and she knows that. But rather than sit around and wait for lightning to strike changing my mind id like to see how i could go about seeing things differently and maybe have my views and feelings change. I love her more than words and want to make her dreams come true. I just also dont want to ruin what we have or do something thatll eat me alive. Thank you. Sorry for the long winded post.