Me and my husband have been together almost 14 years now.  We are very secure in our relationship, and have had several threesomes- without issues. While we have never swapped or even had same room sex as another couple- our third was always single.  Recently we were having a few drinks with another couple and things developed into a same room sex - with our own partners and me and his wife messing around. Well the next night- she asked if we would consider a full same room swap, and talked with hubby and we all agreed to go forward with it and laid out our rules.    Everything was great. I was worried there might be insecurities but nothing. Everyone was great, including me. Fast forward, the very next weekend we get together with the understanding it’s going to happen again, except one of our husbands asked for separate rooms- for his own reasons, that everyone respected and agreed with.  Great night- we all piled into bed together when we finished separately- and woke up amazing again.    Now when me and my husband get home, we shower and go about business- until that evening when we go to have sex with each other - I notice he is all scratched up . His chest, stomach, back- everything is marked and immediately I feel a ball in my chest of anger. I don’t know Like the idea of him performing sexual acts with her turns me on- but her digging into him just keeps nagging at me.  Seeing these marks bothered me and has for the past few days.  Is this weird? I keep trying to understand why it bothers me so I can address it- but the only thing I imagine is me being possessive. I told him it bothers me, but I can’t understand why, he’s willing to never see them again. But I want to- can one of my rules be not to mark my husband? 😂 I feel so petty and childish, something in my head so small  in comparison to sexual acts. I’ve just never done this and need a little insight from more experienced people. Or even just another perspective. Or ideas on how I can deal with it on my own so it doesn’t make waves- because I really enjoy our arrangement outside of this one detail.