Hey guys, bit of a existential/emotional thing going on here, bear with me. I work for a "growing" healthcare company up here in the PNW. We have about 15 clinics and we had about 50 people here at the admin building. I am a JR Sys Admin here, we have a small IT team here. A director, System Engineer/Admin, me and another JR Admin, and three techs. We handle the computer side of hiring and terminating people.This morning, we get called into the our SysEng's office and we are told in vague terms to be quiet about what will be happening today. Very puzzling and anxiety inducing. I get back to my desk and process the new hire request for two new upper management positions we just filled. I start noticing some of my coworkers leaving the board room with yellow envelopes, then I think to myself "Man, the billing department is oddly quiet." That's when I realized that the company I work for just fired 8 people, from my perspective did nothing wrong. They showed up to work everyday, did not cause any ruckus and are just good people who worked hard, and they were just let go.While I understand firing people is part of business, it was very unsettling. From my prospective, it was as if these people were let go so that we could afford the new executives coming in. But what really got me was when they said to me and the rest of the department, "Don't worry, you're safe." Those people who just got let go probably "Felt safe" too. How can I feel safe if the company just got rid of a fifth of the administration staff? I like helping people, it's one of the reasons why I chose a job where I help people well, help people. I got a big heart, these are people I've worked with everyday for a considerable amount of time. That being said, they don't really treat our department the way that I would hope humans would, and it the company already felt pretty top heavy, even more now. I've started to send out resumes to have a safety net,I know this is a bit long winded, but I'm curious what you guys think. The rest of the building has put their nose to the grindstone to make themselves even more useful out of fear of possibly being fired. There's been theories that the investors or executive staff has been wanting to outsource the billing and IT department, and while those theories haven't been proved yet this seems like a sign it's going in that direction.