So I worked at this breakfast franchise downtown over the summer. It was pretty disorganized but I worked with a friend and it could be fun. One Saturday morning ( busiest and hottest day of the Summer) during  the beginning of a 10 hour double, 4 girls walked in. They looked like trashy off brand Cardi Bs with attitude. One server had the section they sat in but he said he didn’t wanna serve them as they probably were the bad type. I said I’d take them since you can’t judge a book by its cover. I later came to regret that decision. I get them water and ask to take their order. 3 of them weren’t ready and told me to come back. The 4th one looked like she woke up on the wrong side of the bed and ordered me to take her order. She wanted an appetizer of chicken wings. She said she wanted chicken wings and scowled when I didn’t know what that meant. I asked before putting in her order and told her we don’t do that since it comes prepackaged and ready to cook with a mix of flats and drums. Before I finished talking she immediately asks to talk to my manager (who told her the same thing) and I take drink orders. When I get back with drinks she demands to know where he food is. I never put the order in since she talked to the manager and assumed she didn’t want them anymore. She said if it’s not mostly flats, she’d send it back to the kitchen. She also demanded that they come out before the entrees( like duh, it’s an appetizer). She ate 2 plates and demanded they be free because they weren’t to her liking. The girls ordered their food and she requested a specialty drink which takes a while to make so I couldn’t put in everyone’s order plus I had other tables. She wasn’t happy about the 5 minute wait. When she got her food she threw it on the floor because « the broccoli was raw ». We steam out vegetables but she didn’t say she wanted it sautéed when I asked. She asked me if I was new because « I wasn’t very good at my job » and said that it wouldn’t be long before I was fired. I was really over her and her friends since they just let her be rude without telling her to chill. While dealing with her, I lost a table since I was to preoccupied with her bs to look at the tablet and they changed table sections. Still I smiled, got them their many rounds of drinks and tried to be as nice as I could even though I knew she was giving a tip at that point. They were there for over an hour so I was just waiting to leave their check. Everytime I passed their table, she looked irritated, even if I wasn’t greeting them and just getting other orders. When I was getting dishes from another table she called out and told me they wanted their check. I already had it ready in my pocket but my hands were full and no one else was ready. I collected the cups from there table and told her I’d be back with their checks. She instead decides to throw her money on top of the dirty dishes I’m holding and loudly says I’m not getting a tip so I need to bring back a receipt. I was so fucking mad but I had to keep the smile up. I had to get her cash out of a pile of spit out food in the Dish room. My manager said I should’ve just thrown it out with the food. After that , I returned with the actual check and she was mad because I handed her the wrong one (as if there’s not 3 others I had to give out) and asked for her change. My restaurant doesn’t keep a lot of change so we just round to the nearest dollar. I gave her the cash and she screamed at me over the 4 cents she was owed. I ran around looking for pennies and she continued to berate me. All together their bill was around 200$ and I made 9 dollars in tips from the other 3 so everyone kinda sucked. I was so fucking glad when they left. She’d also made a mess between the spilled food and her drink that I had to clean( low on bussers) but I was just relieved. My boss felt bad and gave me a free meal for dealing with them. I really hate people but I love the money.