I’m a (or well...was) an accountant for an LLC based outside of Philadelphia. Today was any other normal day in the office from my perspective doing my work and moving along to more work. Around 4:50 my boss (the cfo) calls me into her office which I assume would be for any number of requests she asks me to do for her, it was not. She uttered that oh so terrible phrase, "we're going to have to terminate you." I was entirely confused and shocked when she said that. I am a 24 year old who had been at the company for 2 years and 8 months since I graduated. I thought I was very good at my job. I was always the person who would be on time every day, come in on Saturdays, whenever it was needed, I would take on additional roles and responsibilities whenever asked because I genuinely enjoyed doing it and learning new pieces to really help out because I am a team player. My Boss would always come to me with new stuff to work on and she always applauded my work ethic and my wanting to learn more and do more to become more versatile to the company. Since I had started there in July of 2017 there has not been a single time where I was not doing all of my job responsibilities as well as helping and doing other peoples responsibilities to help the company. I was always working over 40 hours every week staying late and assisting wherever needed to make sure everything got done. The company itself has a significant issue in turnover because it is not regarded as treating employees well and in December 2019, our single accounts payable employee resigned because it was significantly too much volume for a single person. I took over that as well as my job responsibilities on top of that to make sure all the invoices coming in got paid and our vendors were happily receiving their payments as well as juggling massive reconciliations and other responsibilities. We hired a new guy and I've continued to assist him and train him since then. One of my other responsibilities is reviewing the hundreds of checks that get sent into the office by sales reps across the country to make sure they were deposited remotely, or if they were not, to deposit them in house. At this time over the past two months, I was extensively doing two full time jobs while only being the single individual I am and yet today, ended very differently than most. As I said before, I got a call from my boss at 4:50 this afternoon which I thought was going be just be some tedious request to do something for her. Instead, I got terminated, on the spot. The reasoning you might ask? A customer complained that they were put on hold because we had not deposited their check. The check arrived in the office on Thursday of Last week and was in the middle of hundreds of others that needed to be reviewed. The check was written for early February meaning the sales rep also took his jolly time sending it into the office. I received an email this morning regarding the so I went out of my way to make sure the check was deposited today which it was.Then I get called into the office and fired with the sole reasoning because that check was not deposited and the customer complained with no other reasoning. It was absolutely insulting and just downright ridiculous. A previous accountant was terminated before my tenure there began in which he received 3 "write ups" (official warnings regarding work performance) and 16k in severance. I received 0 warnings and was terminated on the spot with no severance, just a quick escort out of the door. I had been doing my entire job along with making sure payables are all complete and doing my month end close reconciliation and I am fired because a check took 3 days to be deposited... Since I left and others have heard, over half of the staff has reached out to me saying "that isn't right" and that I need to sue the company for wrongful termination because it was absolutely utterly ridiculous. Firing one of the hardest working employees because he did not have time to deposit one check because you had already given him an insurmountable mountain of work? Why not actually hire the correct number of people you need? That just seems significantly more rationale to me especially since the owner gets paid Millions in dividends every year so affording it is not the issue. It was entirely insulting, degrading and angering to have the boss id done everything for and worked my ass off for to make sure the company was great fire me for such a little situation. First, If you've gotten this far, thanks for reading! It felt good just to get this off my chest because I just find it so ridiculously absurd and unfair. Needless to say, its been a pretty awful day reddit and any help would be significantly appreciated whether it be advice, thoughts on the situation or even just a joke to lighten the mood for me! Thank you!