long story short. for the last two months, I've been renting a car with enterprise rent a car in Phoenix Arizona. my car broke down, was in the shop and now is in the junkyard and I haven't purchased a new one yet. because of the coronavirus situation the cars were going at a super cheap rate. I got both the first two months for around 465 each. now comes this month, I brought the car back on May 27th on Wednesday. I walked in to renew my rental for another 4 weeks. I had made a reservation at another location this time because it was cheaper but that location was shut down due to COVID so they transferred it over to my usual location. in person, the guy gave me a new rate. to my surprise, it was only 282 for two weeks! I was shocked but I wasn't going to question it. I did clarify THREE times with the guy. so he let me go with that rate and I was happy. now comes today and I still haven't gotten my deposit back ( they add another 200 to your bill as a deposit and take it off when you return the car) for the last month. so I called and explained to the guy I was checking on my deposit. from there he starts telling me the first guy made a mistake and did not rewrite the contract instead only extended it for another week, so I'm actually late on returning the car. we go back and forth and eventually he gets the manager. I and the manager go at it for almost an hour! I try to explain to him that the guy on the 27th gave me a price that should have been for 4 weeks. the manager starts to get really rude. he doesn't me finish any of my sentences, wont listen to what I'm trying to say. basically he tells me that the employee made a mistake and that I need to go in today or tomorrow and resign the agreement for almost double the original price. I told him its not fair that I am getting charged more now because your employee gave me the wrong rate, didn't actually create a new agreement for the next 4 weeks, and let me leave the office without actually creating an agreement. now i am paying another 200 dollars and I have to use my debit card, not my credit card because the balance is used up from the first reservation that is apparently not real. the manager refuses to take responsibility to listen to me or fix anything except give me the normal rate for last month. i don't know what to do. I've been going there for 4 years and I'm a loyal customer. spent thousands there before and now not only will I have to make 3 extra trips because I don't have enough balance, but since my credit card is almost maxed due to the first reservation, I will have to pay upfront. he turned this into a whole complicated process where instead of getting my deposit back like I normally would I have to use to pay for the previous week that should have been included in the 4 weeks that the first employee already charged me for. on top of that! the guy on the 27th charged me on my debit card, then changed his mind asked for my credit card charged me AGAIN on but on my credit card, then refunded my debit card. so it looks like I got a refund when I didn't. I know this doesn't make sense or is confusing but I don't even fully understand it yet and I can't ask questions because the manager gets so frustrated at me and goes through it all over again telling me to listen when he won't listen to me! sorry for the rant but I want to go over his head with this. this just happened, I am writing out of anger partially so sorry if its a mess. oh on top of that he told me I probably can't keep the same car ( I really like this car and the employee on the 27th let me keep it, its an upgrade from what I paid for two months ago but the first guy let me upgrade for free and then from then on they've just been letting me keep it, I assumed because it's easier for them ) now I will probably be downgraded to the basic car. I really need a car right now so I can't just not renew, I feel like they are f\*\*\*\*\*\* me over. the enterprise location is 91st ave and bell rd in Peoria Arizona and the manager's name is Lauren!