Alright so I show up for my audit shift the other night.  I get there just a few minutes before 11 when my shift is due to start. It’s been incredibly dead since the Covid stuff started. I think we had 5 in house and that’s the highest it’s been in weeks. So I drop my stuff in the back office and see my coworkers stuff in there but I didn’t see her. It’s important to note that because of the never ending carousel of new coworkers and the fact that I now work at the hotel as a part time gig, I don’t always meet the new hires. This girl, who I will call Abby, has been there about 2 months now and tonight was my first time meeting her. So I have no clue what she looks like. I first assumed she was in the restroom. After about 10 minutes I start walking around the hallway and breakfast area to see if maybe shes in there. The lights were off in the breakfast area, which they never are, and the tv was on some trashy reality show so I’m thinking maybe she got so bored she fell asleep in front of the tv? Nope. Bathrooms are empty. I should also mention that the front doors were unlocked when I arrived which I thought was strange because since the virus started we’ve been keeping them locked 24/7 since junkies like to stumble in. So Abby is missing, all her stuff -including her uniform shirt and kerchief- are sitting in the office, and she is no where to be found. Im on the phone with my mom who also works 3rd shift at her job while all this is going on because I’m throughly creeped out. My mom thinks Abby might have changed clothes and gone to a guests room. I text the GM to let her know what’s going on but don’t get a response which tells me she’s asleep and I will have to wake her up. I get her on the phone and she is also wigged out and after having me re-check the spaces I’ve already done she asks me to go check Abbys car. She told me what Abby drove and luckily she was parked right by the front doors. I go outside with the GM still on the phone and start freaking out because Abby is passed out in her front seat. The way her body was positioned looked very uh...not alive... She was slumped over sideways with her head about to touch the gearshift. Keep in mind that I don’t even know this girl so I’m absolutely not opening her door and touching her. I go back inside and the GM tells me to call the non-emergency line to come look at her. As I’m googling the number (which I should probably have saved at this point because I call so often for this shitshow of a hotel) she stumbles to the door. She comes inside and has puke in her hair and from the cuff to the elbow of her pullover. She can barely keep her eyes open and can’t walk in a straight line. I text the GM “this girl is drunk as fuck.” GM calls me back and is having me ask Abby questions but Abby can’t really answer. She starts talking about shes just super tired from her part time job as a yoga teacher and that she’s recently gone back to school and was taking too many classes. It takes a solid two minutes to get her to answer the GMs question of how long was she in her car. She eventually says 15 minutes and that she just went out there to wait for me to show up. I text the GM to call the hotel and speak to her so that she can hear exactly how bad Abby sounds. After they get off the phone I tell her she needs to just go sleep in one of the rooms. She keeps repeating that she’s fine. This goes back and forth over the next 10 minutes that it takes for her to get her two purses (???) together and walk back out to her car. Oh and during all this she mentions that she doesn’t really have a social life and is always looking for friends to hang out with. Because ya know, this is the perfect introduction! So after she walks out she sits in her car for another 10 minutes and I’m seriously debating calling the police because she’s not fit to drive. I call the GM back and she asks if Abby smells like alcohol. Actually no, she doesn’t. I didn’t even think about how she smelled because of her behavior. GM sighs and brings up the puke in her hair. Thinks maybe she was shooting up in the car. We have new cameras in the hotel and the feed goes to the owner and the DOO’s phones. GM they will not let her have feed access and of course neither woke up when she called so we have no idea how long Abby was really gone. I pull up my favorite website arrests.org and searched Abby’s name. 7 arrests dating back almost 20 years. The latest two are for.... you guessed it, drugs! GM jokes that the next time she hires someone I need to search them for her. It kind of annoyed me because why tf aren’t you doing the bare minimum and checking people’s backgrounds??? Anyways, I thought for sure Abby would get fired because of this. Even if they can’t prove she was on something, she still abandoned the desk for a considerable amount of time. The phone may have rung off the hook before I got there. I have no clue. People may have done a free for all on the snack pantry. Idk. We have legitimately had a problem with randoms walking in at night and sleeping in the stairwell. Anyone could have come in while she had the doors unlocked. She did not get fired. She came in like normal the next day. They fired a night auditor two days before this happened for sneaking her boyfriend in and letting him sleep in one of the rooms during her shift. Obviously this isn’t ok, but Abby’s episode is? Not only is the bar on the floor, it’s rolling  all over the place.