I'm sitting here at home 25 F,  I have been married to my husband for a couple years now. I love him to death but he always had such a high sex drive; at first I couldn't handle it. In the beginning he would always complain about how we would never do it. That's bc it was starting to feel like a job, but I told myself that I must change my views so he won't be punished for my Acts. Now we have sex all the time again normal healthy amount. I always thought sex should be something that's hot, steamy and in the moment (or at least that what I believed). Also, he loves my body but I'm still self conscious about it so my body isn't a part that I like in a way. Now in this lockdown, we have been together alot  But it's still not enough, so I told him we can explore with other ppl together again . Hell why not, I love titties and dick the more there merrier right? I'm also looking for a girl to play with for us you know to help fill his desire. He's never really been with any other woman but me, and I want to show him a different world. However,  I feel as though it's not enough. We have tried to bring a third person before  but one  didn't work out. Then his stupid ass decides to do something without telling, of course I find out. It put me off  for third person thing for a while. Now he's interested in exploring again, but not just girls but guys too. The whole point of bring new ppl in is to help him with his high sex drive, we are supposed to have open transparency while doing this. He only tells me after things have happened, and that's what scares me the most. Why sit and ask me so many times if I'm okay with you sexing to other ppl and try to set hookups, but then not be transparent about what going on. I want to be in too, you leave me out all the time. I don't know anymore, maybe I'm being emotionally insecure. But his damn Asian mind set statistics, it fucken annoying. Why the hell is he always comparing to the white. Man Fuck the white man he has been at the top since the beginning nothing has changed.he still like" oh it take an Asian guy to earn 3x as much to be on the same level as a white guy" "girls only like white guys and black guys Asians are no were near that line of spectrum. " I know your shot is a little shorter then others but  have some confidence and I would think that's not a problem bc you have me. A free and opened pussy who have been catering for you with not bs. How can I change his mind set? Lets bring in another pussy? I had a dream that i hired girls just to talk to him, to make him feel better. But as I was realising the dream, it was a stupid idea bc they were paid. He doesn't feel wanted with me? he wants to be wanted by other ppl?  I feel casted out on all my hard work I have done all these years. I just needed to get somethings out of my mind, my head space is a mess. I'm open to chat, to get my mind off of so many things. Please some just talk to me, let me knw your thoughts.