So when I did my final interview me and the store director agreed upon a 10 - 20 hour availability and they agreed to only work me day shifts on the weekdays unless a night shift was extremely necessary in which I said I would do my best as I have conflicting events on those days/times. I talked with them pretty extensively on my schedule outside of work and they seemed to be alright with everything and hired me on. I even remember the store director saying they would deliver my availability to HR.  As I started work my schedule was alright at first but recently it's been pushing over my availability little by little. 23 hours with a night shift and then it was 30 hours with 2 night shifts. I pushed through it trying to be a good team member since it was my probation period. I just recently finished my probation however and was given a 40 hour shift which had 4 night shifts all scheduled back to back on the days I had requested no night shifts unless extremely necessary. I went into the store today and talked with HR and asked if they could do something to help adjust my schedule to work better to my availability. I reminded them of what we agreed upon to which the HR contacted the store director and they said we never agreed on anything like that. The HR person looked into the system and showed me that there was no availability listed despite the fact that we agreed on it. I talked personally with the store director about the evening shifts but I think I have an email from them stating about the 10 - 20 hour part of my availability. The HR ended up doing nothing but saying I should put the shifts on the board and see if someone will take them and if not it's back on me. They mentioned how I had worked night shifts they had given me on those days before which I did  because they were occasional so I had the understanding it was still part of our if extremely necessary agreement and they needed me on those days. They also had me apply for an availability change. I feel like this should fall onto them and not onto me to solve as they have gone over my availability or just forgotten it completely but maybe I'm mistaken. Maybe me saying I could work those night shifts if extremely necessary and doing the few I did gave them the go ahead to put me on full availability but I don't understand the part about my hours. I'm considering just calling in sick on the days if nobody swaps them since it's really just not possible for me to be there most if not all of the days. Does anyone have any advice or ideas?