So I’ve had the idea of wanting to tattoo for about 3 or 4 years now (I’ve been drawing forever, I’m 19f now). Anyway I had an Instagram that I would post drawings and art on and such, and I had a local tattoo shop contact me and tell me that they would love to have me come and learn under them. Obviously I was thrilled because that’s what I had been wanting to do, so I went, showed off my artwork and whatever, and then they explained that legally I couldn’t learn under them, I could just hang out and watch. I wouldn’t be able to practice on people, fake skin, nothing there. So I was like oh okay I’ll just come watch and ask questions. Anyway fast forward they were never helpful, anytime I would ask a question they would either just reply with “it’s hands on” and then proceed to not let me try anything hands on, they would encourage me to tattoo at my house on people (which I’ll get to, I learned later it illegal in my state), and they would treat me like I was stupid when I asked questions. It got to the point where when I would go they would be closed like in the middle of the day. So needless to say it was kinda a waste of time. Anyway there I met an artist who was super nice about it, they ended up firing him and he opened his own shop in the same town, so I went and followed him and tried to learn more from him since he was more helpful. Soon after I started tattooing friends, family, acquaintances at my house and was getting fairly good, I was started to get a good following and more people started coming back multiple times. Then the old shop messaged me again and made it sound like they were wanting to start an official apprenticeship with me since I was getting into it. I went back and it was the same shit again, I never got to start there, they lied about it, all this stupid stuff. So I haven’t talked to them since. ANYWAY recently I got in trouble by the health department and was told that tattooing at my house was illegal, well I didn’t know this I just took the advice from the artists who’d been doing it for 15 years. So now I can’t tattoo at home unless I want to be fined $100 a day, and they told me I have to find a studio to start at. Well now I don’t have many to choose from around here and I don’t have money to move or have my own studio. I cut ties with that other one, the one that my friend moved to, he’s only by himself and made it clear he didn’t want to undertake me, and there’s only about 2 or 3 left and idk how they are. What should I do? I have an online and in person binder portfolio full of my regular art and tattoos. Have I just ruined my chances of getting in a studio for doing it legally? Did I do the right thing by not staying with that really unhelpful shop? Idk please help