In 2019 for 2018 i filed as single and could not be claimed as a dependent, i made 200$ or so more than the cut off, my boyfriend filed as head of household for himself and our daughter. I had a child in 2018 and became a stay at home mom, I did not work in 2019 at all so i had no income and filed no return because i called the irs and they said i didn't have to file and asked a lot of questions and i was able to be claimed as an over 17 dependent. In feb/early march 2020 (before all of this) my boyfriend filed 2019 taxes again as head of household but this time claiming our daughter and i as dependents, my name and social security number were on there correctly and the return was accepted and refund was recieved about a week after we filed. All was well. Then all these stimuls checks started going out and from everything i read since he claimed me as a dependent for 2019 then i should not have recieved a direct deposit payment of 1200$, my 2018 and previous tax refunds have all been d.d. into my acct., which was fine because according to what i read i didn't meet the criteria. Last night at 1 a.m. he checks his acct and he recieved 1200$ for himself and 500$ for our daughter. 1700$ total. Perfect that's as it should be... then he jokingly suggests i check my acct and I'm like no there shouldn't be anything.... BAM.. 1200$ richer myself. We are unmarried. We didnt file joint. I didn't file my own 2019 taxes bc i was claimed as a dependent. I didn't fill out the thing saying i was a non-filer to see if i could get it. I in no way tried to recieve the money and all taxes for 2018 and 2019 were filed properly and accepted and returns were recieved. So WHY did i receive this? No i cannot relax and just accept it. Please tell me who to call, turbo tax is going in circles automated talking, irs is closed for telephone assistance and live help, i don't want to spend or use this money until i can read something that can tell me why i recieved it or ask someone who knows more than me and can tell me... if you have any ideas for where i should look or call or what may have happened please comment!! Sorry, this is long and I'm posting from mobile.