Well, a short little story now. When I was in 7th grade taking science, my teacher got a promotion midway throughout the year, so she had to leave us in the time for the next year. When we got a new sub, she was quite different... The first impression of her was quite different I would say, as she had slightly emo looking hair, a smug eye look, and slightly revealing clothing compared to pretty much anyone else on the campus. Most people would often call her a cooler teacher, as she allowed pretty much anything to happen in her class, she didn't care. Sometimes when she'd get quite annoyed, she'd curse constantly, and sometimes just be an ass. She sometimes even punch, kick, or pull hard on earlobes of kids. However, we seemed to be wrong about her being quite a jerk, as we just happened to have a sex-ed class after she became a sub. Since she didn't have a certificate, she was unable to teach sex-ed, so she would often split the class and send us to other classes. One day, I forgot my decorated mechanical pencil that I quite loved. (don't judge me!) . I went back to her class to see if I could go get it real quick. I knocked on the door, but no one responded for around 15 seconds after me knocking 4 separate times. When I was about to go back, someone opens the door, and it was her, but some of the things she was wearing were a bit looser than they normally were. Her crop-top was slightly hanging, and the top button of her pants was unbuttoned. She was quite eloquently on how she was acting, as she was rushing quite heavily. When I asked for my mechanical, she forcefully closed the door on me, and assiduously slipped across the room passionately and found my pencil in a matter of seconds, gave it to me, and then told me to go back to my class. I was quite the curious child back then, so I ended up going back there after a few minutes, and when she opened the door again, I forcefully surpassed her expectations on strength and capability a 12-year-old had, and let me slip past. There in her chair, was the other science teacher covered in a blanket, seemingly pretending to snore, but I was still weirded about why they had a blanket, why her clothes were loose, and why it takes so long to open the door. However, I then spotted a stain on the floor that was quite sticky that I stepped in. Since we were at lesson 9/11 in sex-ed, I was pretty sure I knew what this secret was after all. I yelled quite loud, scaring the male teacher, causing the blanket to fall and reveal his naked damn body on the chair with his erect ass dick ensuing the view of his body. Sadly for her, other teachers heard the scream I made, and came in and saw this massacre to the eyes experience. She was ridin' him for some time while we were away, and it was quite severe. We needed to get a sub for our sub and get a sub for the other teacher. This story sometimes still lingers around even though I am now 4 years older. This story still lingers around for me to have been in a chair and room where an emo teacher and a slightly hot man ridden each other with their guzzling baby fluids... To prevent anything, I kept the teachers' last names anonymous, so please don't ask for them. You may ask questions if you truly must, but for now, here is a story that honestly haunted quite bad, so I finally thought this would be a great time to share it.