I'm a teacher. I live to help children thrive. Does your child need me to explain a problem? Are they not able to get it from the video I made? Are they not able to understand the written directions? A live video-meet didn't work? I'm coming over! Oh, she's hungry? You don't have any flour? OK, I'm baking cookies for your family already, but I would love to meal prep the week for you. I already know her dietary restrictions are dairy, but your husband is gluten-free? Got it. I'll just whip up a few keto recipes with some groceries from the food drive I was able to organize last week. Yep, storing it all at my place makes it easier to help children thrive. Oh, you don't have enough room in your fridge? I already have my apron on, so cleaning out your fridge will be easy!  While I'm at it, I'll just throw my mop and bucket in the car to take care of your floors! Oh, she needs some clothes for summer? Yep, I'll just go into my garage where I'm storing the donations from the clothing drive I organized and put together a few summery outfits! Yes, shoes and sandals too. Children need to thrive! I'm sorry she's having a tough time with all this, Yes, I can schedule an hour long therapy session for her while I'm there. We'll do some guided meditation after the sesh so she can really let those demons slide into nothingness. Children can't thrive unless those demons are vanquished! Oh, she misses the other teachers? That's great! I was really hoping all 30 of us could hop into our cars and drive by really slowly. Yeah! That way we can shove some extra carbon into the air while we satisfy our narcissistic need to be seen and have our empty shells filled with your smile for 5 seconds. Yes, the local newspaper definitely loves it when teachers help children thrive. I'm a star! Now YOU stay home and stay safe while we risk our lives to bring your child an unforgettable moment of "There goes my teacher! Mommy what's for dinner? Can I go play some video games now?" OK allll done. That was good. Oh she wants me to read her a bedtime story? Let's go get you all tucked in. Now...here's the story of Charlotte and how she died to make a little pig happy. "By helping you, perhaps I was trying to lift up my life a trifle." - Charlotte R.I.P. Sweet dreams...I'll never forget this day. I'm a teacher! I LIVE to help children thrive!