I told myself that is TSM seriously considered throwing out Kobbe for doublelift after 1 split, I wouldn’t be a TSM fan anymore. It looks like it’s happened, so I’m just gonna get my thoughts out about how disappointed and disgusted I am in the organization and honestly, with the fans as well. So let’s start with the org, they brought in a European ADC into a new country, a new team, a new fucking league, and booted him after 1 split where he was one of the better performing members of the team. And for doublelift? After he’s had the worst split of his career? Not only is that a bone headed move that is motivated pretty much solely by fan pressure (which I’ll get to in a minute don’t you worry DL fanboys), but it just shows how little patients this organization has with their players. They don’t get any time to get used to the team, the environment, their role, nothing. If we don’t get to finals in 1 split, you’re gone, that’s it. Yeah that’s a winning culture right there, fucking bravo, that’s how you get talent interested in coming to TSM, by showing that if they don’t immediately perform for you at the highest level then your ass is going to the curb in a heartbeat. It would be one thing if Kobbe played like shit the entire split, but he didn’t. He was very consistently good the whole split, even despite getting no resources from the team at all because all TSM does is play through bjerg and BB because they’re the fan favorites. The team struggled this split of no fault of Kobbe’s, and he’s the one that gets booted because the fans want DL because they think he’s just gonna come back in and it’s gonna be just like the good ole days. What a joke, and what a disgrace by this organization. And let’s get onto the fans now, because I think one of the bigger reasons TSM has failed to succeed in recent years is because of how awful the fans are. I’ve come to realize that TSM fans really are just the worst. After every loss, all this sub is is “FIRE DARDOCH HES TRASH”, “GET RID OF PETER”, “BIOFROST IS FUCKING GARBAGE”, etc etc. I’ve never seen a fan base shit on their own players so relentlessly after every single game. No wonder every player that comes to TSM feels so much damn pressure, because they either get nothing but hype and admiration when they play well, or fucking hellfire when they don’t. We’re supposed to support our players guys, not flame them into the ground when they lose because we don’t have any fucking patients for them. And if you think that DL is just gonna come in and TSM will be TSM again right away, you’re so wrong is not even funny. What gonna happen in summer when the team has the same record or worse and doesn’t make finals again? You gonna boot DL too? Is Dardoch next? Or biofrost? How many talented players do we need to go through before we realize it’s the people running the organization that are the problem and not our players? When are we gonna realize that bringing in 1 or 2 players every split isn’t gonna fix the team at all. Don’t you think it’s telling that Zven was relentlessly shit on by this fan base for underperforming and then gets replaced and the very next split he’s the best adc in the league for another team? Doesn’t that say something about TSM? But naw fuck all that, we got DL now, and we all love DL right so he HAS to be what’s gonna fix this team right? I can’t wait for the fire DL posts after they lose in playoffs again next split. In the meantime, I’ll go watch a real organization who invests in their players and plays to their strengths and their needs and doesn’t flake out on them because of their shitty fan base.