Alright tech savvy redditors, you may very well be my last hope of having a working gaming laptop. I bought it only a few years ago brand new. I only got to use it for a year or so when the issue arose, I would press the power button, the laptop can be heard turning on but the screen will remain black. This was a slow process of hit or miss with the turning on, it started to happen more often, I would notice it would only turn on with the charger out (I think) until the problem just happened constantly and is unusable. One very peculiar thing is that the mouse pad on/off button will be a yellow/orangey colour whereas it’s usually green or red depending if the mousepad is on or off. I googled and googled, I took it apart, battery reset, got a tech friend to do some internal work and nothing. Fast forward 2 years till now, I haven’t been able to use it in so long, I missed it. I had some spare coin so I thought I’d get a professional to look at it. He took it apart, cleaned it, took the battery out (said something was up with the battery and to just take it out all together) and alas. It was working, brilliant, I was ecstatic, finally a working laptop. Took it home plugged it in (runs off charger now) and bam, the dreaded cursed yellow mouse light is staring at me. Okay... try again. Same thing. I take it back to the professional and leave, he calls and tells me it’s fine, it’s working for him. I go back and he turns it off and on and off and on. I leave to go home and well, you guessed it. I took it back and he said now it wasn’t working for him (I think he didn’t believe me until then) tells me it could be a circuit issue he doesn’t have the skills to fix and that it will be very expensive. He sent me on my way, well I booked it in to another shop out of sheer hope, got it back today, he told me he opened it cleaned it and it was working brilliantly for him. I take it home and... yellow mouse button and a black screen. All the keyboard lights are on but nothing is happening. So please, anyone who is an expert, will I need to get it expensively fixed. I didn’t have it for long at all before this happened, and it wasn’t like I was overrunning it to the ground, just playing sims and a few other not too hard for the laptop to run games. At this point I’m sure the warranty is out, plus I’ve moved far away from where I bought it. I just want to get back to my sims family. Please help reddit