I am not from here, not really. I've stumbled on to reddit a few times over the years and rather enjoyed the unique content that I found. Unfortunately, I've had a very unpleasant start here due to an apparent lack of information during the process of joining. Any website I've ever been a part of had you provide in a lower-case format. I did what I thought I knew I was to do as it seemed like what I'd done many times before. Now I realize "reddit" is different than the other website I've used, and not just in the way it can entertain me, but that who we are is but isn't case-sensitive. None of it actually makes sense to me. I came here trying to reserve an identity but essentially locked myself out of my desired one (if I'd known I could have had it). Isn't that ridiculous? How I have to speak to avoid being immediately dismissed by a bot is ridiculous. Perhaps my concern in this matter is the most ridiculous but it just seems like this issue could have been avoided, but at the very least should be salvageable. You see I google searched my way to the enrolment area and the page it led me to was very different than the (buggy) popup you get while already on this website. It filled the whole window and I missed the only hint that could have prevented this issue, and that was the suggestions area. I really think I just missed it as my screen is large and close and the page's elements were all pushed to the left-most side excluding the suggestions area that was way to the right. Thinking back it clearly wasn't designed to be viewed like this. I can't seem to upload photos and I don't want to link anything to this account or create any more unnecessary work if by some miracle I receive help unlike many before me. Ungoverned, I understand identity changes could cause serious implications and expend valuable resources but it would be nice if newly created accounts had a window of time, where they were allowed one admin administered identity alteration, and only when it came to capitalization. You could make this easy. Make a button labelled "Request Adjustment by Admin," you type the variation you want, and it gets done within whatever time-frame other than never. We should be entitled to any variation because we essentially locked them all out during the sign-up phase, wouldn't that make them all associated to our account? In a perfect world you could just change this on the fly but I understand the system wasn't designed with this in mind. I understand some work is required on the system end to make this happen, but a newly created account with no posts cannot be that hard to fix. I've read the details and the admin-provided grievances around this issue. Maybe I am just jumping the gun, but I suspect I won't be an exception here. I do feel like the glitchy website sort of led me to being here though. I use an updated version of Firefox if anyone is curious.