You probably all know about he iron farm gnembon made which produces 4.6k iron per hour. Definitely a competent farm, but I had an idea. The Pillager has the widest scare range of any hostile mob, 15 blocks. This enables him to trigger 6 cells at once instead of just 2. If you exhaust his crossbow he becomes harmless, now through some calculations a piston bolt can travel at 20bps with 4 seconds needed to round a corner. Now each group of 6 needs to be 30 blocks wide in order to effectively produce the max number of golems. It’ll take the pillager about 3.5 seconds to trigger 1 group of 6, (2 seconds to arrive and 1.5 seconds to stand there and make sure they trigger) keep in mind every group of 6 is spaced 10 blocks apart. Now he’ll need to round 4 corners every cycle meaning meaning we only have 14 seconds to work with. He’ll be able to trigger 24 cells at once which equals 24x350=8400 iron per hour. Of course keep in mind we’re using nether portals because the revamp in 1,15 enables us to use them pretty safely. Now since we’re using nether portals we could build the layers about 25 blocks apart in height to make sure no villagers from any layer detect a golem, since villagers will tend to spawn golems in the nearest possible spot. If you were to build this up to the sky limit that’s 84000 iron per hour. Is this a good idea for an iron farm? Not sure. The pistonbolts really shouldn’t lag foo much considering the portals function as their chunkloaders. Since the villagers are only scared when they’re capable of spawning a golem that reduces the lag substantially. And like I said, portals are pretty lag-safe in 1.15, so you could definitely afford to use them. 84000 iron/hour is about 23 iron/second which is about 6 golems/second. If we use portal slicing that should reduce entity collisions on the way in. Now in order to handle 84k iron you’d need 9 hopper streams, but let’s make 11 due to poppies being a thing. Not sure how much lag it’d cause. You”re triggering about 6 cells every second, which doesn’t sound too bad considering iron farms with stationary zombies cause way more lag.