so I got an rx590 about a month ago and when I got it wasn't running as it should and I found out that the GPU usage looked, let's just say not normal, it would from 97% to 2% then to 40% then to 10% all in under a second. it does this when I'm in a game and even with nothing on except AMD overlay. so I thought maybe it was the overlay so I switched to MSI overlay and same results. I've been having this same problem and my games run very crappy opposed to what they're supposed to. my CPU isn't bottlenecked, my PSU is 700 watts (quite enough), I have 16gb of ram (plenty), it's not an overheating issue, I've locked my both my GPU and VRAM clock, my drivers are installed correctly as I used DDU and when from the 2017 drivers then up to 2020 after the 2020 drivers didn't work, I even wiped my entire HDD and reinstalled all the drivers and still nothing, I've turned off Radeon chill, and have gone through all the AMD settings for hours and was able to "reduce" the problem but it was minimal. my usage spikes horribly and if you saw it you would think its photoshopped, and my VRAM usage tends to run low. I've tried a series of games including eu4 75fps(vsync cant be disabled for eu4), Minecraft 180fps(with and without opifine, Roblox phantom forces 120fps, and warframe 75fps(vsync cant be disabled). mind you this is with the lowest settings and when I go to the max settings I have more VRAM usage and my GPU usage becomes more stable with a small effect to fps. I've spent hours upon hours going through the internet and even searched up the issues about my GPU specifically. this GPU runs better than my old gt 1030 but it should be doi9ng better as I've searched up and people get a lot more performance out of it than I do. I've benchmarked it on superpositioner and got 20 fps which is normal and is the only time my GPU usage is stable and my VRAM usage is high. can someone please help me with this because I don't want my $180 to go down the drain, I've reported it to AMD multiple times and have gotten no response and no feedback or help.