I have very mixed feelings of the situation thats been happening the last few days and I want to talk about it. First thing first George Floyd's death has sparked an event that will be remembered for years and generations to come. Question is, by that time will things change and look at the past mistakes so we never repeat history, or will things worsen between society that this will be remembered as the days it all started?. George floyd was a man, he had a life and the cop had no reason to take it away from him, just like everyone else, he was a human being who didn't deserve what he got.Rest in peace Floyd, I hope that cop rots in jail for his cruelty. Unfortunately he was part of this crooked ass society with crooked ass people and I stand with the black community who care about the cause to make a stand and bring justice for the opressed. What Im not with is (Not saying only black people but eveyone involved) is people who destroy small businesses, innocent peoples property, looting houses, targeting skin color(eye for an eye kind of justice), hurting people who are in their way, and even attacking cops who probably arent bad. I know many people in the riots only use it as an excuse to cause chaos and do it for their own twisted gain. Anyone who cared about George Floyd or even my other people who died to racist cops, known they never wouldve wanted chaos that keeps spreading the hate and the generalsim alive.And what pisses me off is that they're destroying small businesses people worked and risked everything on and there is nothing you can say to justify that. People have done it even to their own race and ends up proving a cops or any racist point of view, which makes them retaliate of out hate and the cycle continues. And whats worse is the fact that they break into homes and loot people as if taking their business wanst enough. What about the kids in the house you're gonna traumatize??? The elderly? What about the people who did service for this country and see their home destroyed? Or the cashier you seen on the gas station for years who in some places seen you grow up only see you become someone with no shame ? People who worked hard to earn their honest pay to lose everything just like that because some people want "justice". They are using the name of George Floyd in vain for their reckless cause. My mom worked in restaurants and a chicken factory and had it difficult in my early years here, a few with  my crackhead uncle the first 4, My stepdad busted his ass off working for hours from starting off at fast food restaurants to being a small owner of a truck company when his father sent him here and never spoke to him again for years and thanks to him were living a nice life thanks to him. Ik there are people in the same or even harder situations in which they pulled it off.I was taught to value hard work at the end of the day, and for that I would never be capable of stealing from someone knowing they worked for their things and trying little by little. I know and see many people try to work hard to succeed or climb even higher always seeking better for themselves and their families. Also people who are rooting for looters piss me off, they can watch buildings burn down but as soom as theres in on sight, suddenly there is a change of heart and the ones protesting and looting are the bad guys. And I can bet you looters would play victim and cry about it if they saw everything on their house missing after a succesful robbery(Cant have shit in detroit) To all the people who tried to defend small businesses I salute you( I wouldve tried but I my parents thought Im insane heh)But the fact that people are jumping people who are even attemting to protect their things. Or cops who are getting beat or hit by cars, but as soon as the gun pulls out everyone who was curbstompung them just a second ago starts running. If youre gonna go at someone and attack (Cop or person) keep in mind that that person is gonna fight for their life, and you are basically saying youre willing to risk yours knowing or not knowing the outcome. There are cops who don't want to be there, or feel pressured to do what they do. Who just want to go back to their families just like the portesters because believe it of not some are actual human beings. Theres been cops who joined the protesters and who helped one another and thats what should also be recognized by everyone.But I am also not with the cops who attack peaceful protesters, instigate shit to use brute force, or attack people for no reason and cause damage and are racist and evil beings. Just cause I do not agree with one thing automatically means I fully agree with the other. Cops have been oppressing minorities, especially black folks since even slavery was a thing. There been cops who always try to play victim as well as an excuse for taking a persons life unjustly. Its bullshit how they treat us minorities(Hispanic here) and how they always generalize us. I know this isnt my protest but I felt like I need to say it bc many small businesses are also Latinos coming here hoping for a better life. But black people have been generalized the worst, and this is their country too, just like any other white person in here. They deserve to be treated and respected like any other human, they deserve to feel protected. People shouldnt warn their kids early on about cops!!Cops are meant to serve and protect, not cause fear(Respect to all the good cops out there). Also to the cops who look for innocent people to arrest at the end of the month, fuck you. And to all the non black people causing mayhem and destroying the country, maybe think twice bc of your actions, its making the protesters who are genuinely risking their lives for a good cause look worse. All of this is just sparking so much unessesary hate between one another its never going to a stop. The situation is bad enough already in the US and possibly heating up again around the world. One thing , kids aren't born racist, they're made racist, either my bad influences, role models, beleifs, or events that make them unfortunately generalize everyone as the same. This shouldnt be about race against race, or The police against the people. It should be People against Generalism and wrongdoings, people who want to make a change for all. George Floyd and many other deaths shouldnt be in vain. Do people really want the next generation, their kids and grandkids, to not only remember but to continue the hate that never ended between authority and society.  This ismt the kind of message they whould get .Many innocent people are dying and its society's way of thinking that needs to change. No robbing and destroying the innocent and their lives. No thinling its cool to gangang or break the law and challenge authority. No corruption, power tripping, or generalizing a man for an individuals actions, skin color,beliefs, religion, or uniform. To change the crooked ass system and unite. If only it were they easy to make positive change like that.