So I dont know how to explain this, its sort of a long story. (BTW Im 17 Male) Im a very introverted person, Im picky with my friends. I got accepted to college in software engineering. My passions are generally in front of a piece of tech, Im usually in front of my laptop. Im into digital art, video editing, creating 2d and 3d animations, photoshop... My parents and I are often found in hour long arguments about how "Im wasting my life and they wont tolerate it as long as Im under their roof because they love me too much to see me ruin my life by being a vegetable all day on my computer". They tell me that I need hobbies and that I need to start doing activities and doing "normal human things", what they dont understand is that the things I do might be on PC but they are hobbies of mine and mean a lot to me and I dont consider them a waste of time at all (I have a very good self hygene aka sleep n stuff so thats not an issue). I try showing my parents my hobbies but they dont care and wont even aknowledge them. Today we argued again and they told me that instead of rotting in front of a computer I should learn to draw, "who knows mabe youd like art", for fucks sake if youd care to know what i do youd know i love art. I tried showing them my art and that even though its digital painting, its the same as someone whose into physical painting, (I like the advantages and hey I dont have to defend my hobbies), I tried explaining but their response was that "its all a wate of time, your always in front of your computer and nothing real is coming out of it. Its a waste of time and its not real art." Then, and i kid you not, they said "those school shooters you see on tv are people like you, they have no friends, have no will to go outside, and we love you too much to see you becoming a shooter, so please just hear us out and stop what you do everyday and go live a real life." It brought me to tears that my parents would compare me to a shooter as Im a very young and sensible person. They think i have no social skills, little do they know Im pretty open in school and talk to everyone. They just dont understand that I spend my time in fornt of a computer, but that does not mean its a waste of life. They are very sporty, mostly my day. One day, 2 years ago, we kept this kid for a week, my age, and all week my dad had fun with him, they played sports and baseball and stuff. I just watched... The light im my dads eyes, it was like he found the son he never had. It fucked me up that week, I spoke none of it and same for him. My parents know I hacve good grades and they aknowlege my skills in some departments but now they put a fucking sleep schedule. I used to work on my art at night so that they thought I was "normal" at day (because anything else than sports is real life) but now they found out... I understand that mabe I can limt my time on Reddit and stuff, sure I bet I can manage the less important distractions more, but since both MY PASSION AND THE DISTRACTIONS ARE IN FRONT OF A SCREEN, THEY BUNDLED BOTH THESE THING as if it was one thing and now its just, PC=BAD, so now they literally obliged me to stop using my computer and that I should change hobbies as to not waste my life. They force me to learn cooking now, I dont want to, they say Il like doing something which yields a product and that Il learn to like it and that I just need to DETOX from my computer and that it ruind my perception on the way things really are. They put me on the spot and said if you dont cook a meal for us thursday, and again 100% truth, WE WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND BUY US SOME FOOD!!! WTF Im so lost and powerless. Im sorry for the grammar and the long post but I need help, They took away my passion since they dont understand it, I cant even talk about the thing I like cuz then they call me obsessed since "all you do is talk about your computer" (its because you can do many things on a computer and they just see it as one thing and one thing only so I dont even talk to them now). They dont realise that the college course im going in is literally 24/7 (As a student and as a job in the future) IN FRONT OF A PC, they will probably have a heart attack... So yeah, now in forced to change my passions to not waste my life and become a shooter... I seriously want to die right now. At 15 I was on the suicide limit but now its closer than ever and Im in the process of wrighting a Letter just in case...