Ok so brief summary of my life. I am constantly bullied by either strangers or family, my granddad touched me, tried killing myself 3 times, made bad choices, paid the price, constantly getting put down and rejected by my peers, always end up pushing my friends away, been 100% by myself for a year, had my heart broken twice, got my ass beat like a ritualistic drum, been called useless and a burden to our family by mom and a disappointment by dad, and bullshat my way into a good place a better place. Ok now my mom. Her entire thing was I came from a third world country after my mom left when I was 11 and I'm here in America and I got my MBA all while being a black woman. My dads is I never was the best but I kept trying until I was. Ofcourse I didnt nearly go through as much as either of them, but fucking hell I've been shanked, shot at, nearly drowned. When I was going off the subway platform for something dad gave me and narrowly missed a train you screamed at me and beat me in public. Not a fuckin hell or anything just a "you idiotic boy" or a "think you fool" I'm trying. I'm trying to keep myself here. I was so close to just loosing it today. Then you go on and publicly and openly talk about my failed suicide attempts like it's some sort of trophy. You talk about me like I'm some animal hell you sprayed me with a fuckin squirt bottle. You claim to know how everything works but I do. I'm in it. I see it first hand. I'm the one going through with it mindlessly following your orders. When I stray I'm the bad one. You say I shouldn't always help anytime I reach my fucking hand out it always I mean always taken I get not even a nod back. No recognition. The people I thought were my friends ran when they saw me. Looked me in the eye and ran away like I was a diseased creature. They lied on me. They hit me with a fucking bat and shot at me. But you know I'm just a fuckin failure aren't I. I have no idea what hard is. People didnt even come close to me for a year. They were laughing at me. They humored me then made fun of me after. They beat me. People spit in my face but what do I do because you tell me too. I do nothing. I sit there. I cant do anything. When I do I'm the one in trouble in the bad guy I'm the one who has to pay the price. You can chalk it up to life isnt fair but it is. Like you said mom "same 24 hours" how can you say I'm going to change the world then say I'm a burden to the family then I'm ashamed of you or I'm stupid. All while I wear a happy face cause this isn't shit I haven't heard before. When I try letting you know, when I take off that damned mask. Let you see what's really going on. I go to a fuckin shrink because "I'm not stable" you beat me for being me. You say I have freedom to go out but be back before dark but I cant leave the house. Then you call me a liar for slipping up. You just came into my room and gave a fuckin "sorry margarita" that barley has any juice in it. You talk about me having my head up my ass but dad I tell you the same thing over and over and over again and you still don't get it. Mom I say the truth most the time but the second I try to cover my ass I'm the definition of a scumbag. I'm starting to think you're the scummy ones. This is one the many rant posts I have here and I'm starting to get really damn tired of making them. And it's not like this is new or anything since I was in 3rd grade that's 7 years week after bloody week. Then you go on about my grades. I fucking get it all As no Bs . Dad anytime I'm good at something you compare it to school. I challenged you to go 1 week without talking to me about school 4 times. The first you talked to me just about porn and how bad it is then the second you left and didnt speak to me the third was about how I'm a bad person for not helping with groceries even though I was sick and the fourth you went all but 3 days. It's always grades, driving, and porn. It's like a fuckin record. When I demand change it's there just for a little and it's good. Then mom you take it away. Mom you're like a venus fly trap. You lure me in with love and compassion and the hope this time would be different. Then you snap shut. You make me feel like shit then expect me to be fine after. I begin being numb barely responding to what you say. Nothing more than a yeah or sure. I feel like shit all the time then I have to deal with shit from 20 other people who dont even know my name. They say I'm their friend because of my kindness but they dont do shit. They won't do shit for me. Now I'm done. I like this girl. I think she likes me. We went on a few dates good dates. I think I love her. That felt weird. Haven't said love to anyone except mom dad and sister. But you say I'm a coward I dont deserve her and shes a bitch. I didnt even say her fuckin name yet. I get back up each time you tell me this shit. I get back up and keep going. But that wont stop you. Nothing will.