So I have seen a lot of posts where sadness isn't depression and being sad for a little bit doesn't mean you're depressed and stuff like that. That kind of stuff really messed me up since the beginning of 7th grade where I severely procrastinated on a long-term project and ended up being overwhelmed and stressed. This lead to self deprecation, having thoughts of no one loving me and eventually self harm. The thing is that I never got any help because of the posts about the depression thing I mentioned from earlier. I just never thought I deserved help or was worthy of it as I was a failure and a disappointment. Even when my teacher was discussing mental health and depression and told us to tell ppl if you feel suicidal I didn't budge. What made me feel worse was that one kid asked the teacher why someone would want to commit suicide; that's when I realized that what I was going through was not normal as the class agreed with him. this made me feel more like a freak and an outcast to society. feeding this self deprecation fire I have made, I had only a few friends and I was lonely throughout my elementary years so I even thought people avoided me because they thought I was weird or a freak. Everything was overwhelming at the time and I had no drive to go back to school and listen to the students and teachers talk about this project I had done nothing on even when I was 2 months in (the project I think was about 2 and a half months long). I never reached out to any of my friends because I thought that this was normal and I wasn't depressed. I wasn't depressed because this was from a short period of time but depression manifests itself and just doesn't turn up like bam. I wasn't depressed because I was just stressed and this is all my fault while depression is its own problem that isn't the fault of the one who has depression. I wasnt depressed because I was only 12 and many people faked depression at 12 so I was one of those people trying to get people to be sorry for them. Truth be told I don't know what I was, whether I was depressed or not as I still have my doubts. I was only going through a stressful time, right? everyone has those times and they aren't depressed... right?