I was born into poverty. I lived bellow the line. I was always minding my own business, but one day; I was playing my all-time favorite, basketball. My passion ran deep for the sport. These dudes began to cause trouble in the neighborhood. Causing violence and brutality within the hood, We were scared. One day while I was playing basketball; I got into trouble. The basketball bounced off the rim and hit on of the kids in the group. They turned around; I was so scared. Short story: I got into a fight, and I lost. When I got home I tried to hide my busted lip and bruised eye, but my mother noticed and got really scared. I tried to protect my mom from all of this, the reality; but I failed. She told me to go to sleep and after protests i sulked in defeat and entered my bedroom. I got on my bed and slept thinking that it was just gonna pass over. The next day when I woke up; my mom told me some news that would forever change my life. She told me that she called up my uncle who was a rich businessman; he was willing to take me in and let me stay for the year until things got better. Through protests I somehow got my luggage and stuff and took a cab. Before I left my mom gave me a paper with her phone number and the address of my uncles house. The cab man was gonna drive me across the country to LA. It was scary of the thought of leaving west Philadelphia cause this is where I was born and raised. How could my life just change in an instant. But was the ride progressed, I thought about what sorts of stuff I could dream about in LA. The rap game is strong, the girls are hot, the grass is green, and the sun is shining, who would’ve thought; not me. As we passed the endless paved roads of asphalt we saw it all. The endless lands of Ohio, to the dry mountains of Rockies in Colorado; there was endless amount of land that was filed with adventure. So we made it to California. We noticed when the weather got the perfect amount of heat and breeze when we took a break at a Circle K, something I wasn’t aware of when I got there since I lived in the dampest, dirtiest hoods in world. When we got on the road again, we had an hour left before we got to our destination. On the way eagerness and nervousness made me feel sick, overwhelmed, excited, and sorta happy, but when we pulled up on the neighborhood; let me tell you, it was nothing I ever seen. As we approach the gate we got in with no problem; as if they’re expecting us. We drives along long narrow roads. Which led to other homes in the hills. It seemed like a road that will go on forever. When we made the u turn the cab driver said to me; “hey, we’re about to stop”. I said “alright” pretty shaky and looked around for the house. Then I saw it. Straight ahead was a single home; huge enough to fit a dozens of families. The white marble pillars stood tall, the wood looked cleaner than an angels napkin. I thought; “wow, this is where I was gonna live?!” We stopped at the gate for a brief moment and was let in like if we were being excepted. We drove slowly as if the driver knew what I was thinking and it suddenly hit me. This is gonna be my Kingdom....where I live, I can be the prince from noble of beginnings; “I’m the prince of bel-air.” As we came to a halt, I opened the door with all might, grabbing my luggage and looked back at the driver and said smiling “smell ya later!” I looked to the house as the driver drove away. It looked elegant as the queen’s throne. Waking up to the door made me feel anxious and scared, but I remembered; I’m the prince of bel-air........