There is this really pretty girl I’ve known for such a long time that I never talked to. Eventually before spring break we started talking and we clicked, it was amazing to just talk to her all night during spring break. I caught feelings hard, I really wanted to ask her out but I decided not to move too fast. That was a mistake, a huge mistake. The pandemic struck, and we were all stuck at home, so I couldn’t ask her out. So time flew by and I still talked to her but it wasn’t the same as spring break, we still connected though. Eventually I was talking to one of her friends and her friend told me she liked me. Liked. Before and during spring break she really did, I was shocked. She really liked me? Me? I was so happy but at the same time so distraught, she lost feelings for me, she likes this other guy now. I never asked her out when I had the chance during spring break. And now what do I do now? All night I just thought, why didn’t I act on it? Why didn’t I ask her out when I had the chance???!  I couldn’t help but remember the deep convos we had during spring break and how we connected, but somehow I still wasn’t sure if she liked me.  Anyways I ended up telling her about all of it,  and she said atleast were still friends. I was so distraught and mixed with emotion I didn’t know what to say. I was really worried. I didn’t want her to feel like it was her fault.  Eventually some days passed and I started to feel a bit better, more coordinated.  And I told her and she was relieved. We talked for a little while and it seemed all fine. And then the next night she texted me asking if we could talk cause she just needed to get something out. The other guy she was talking to cut her off for no reason, she was crying and venting to me and I told her I’m here. We talked and she told me the next day she was feeling a lot better. We’re on a good note and now that that guy is out of the picture and we’re still closer than ever. what do I do? I still have feelings for her, do I tell her? Do I wait? I’m just lost looking for answers. She really is everything to me and I don’t want to mess up.