Ok so to start off, my gf told me that this guy who goes to her school started messaging her telling her that he likes her, so far not too crazy, we live like 40 minutes away so it’s not uncommon for people to think were single since we don’t go to the same school, but apparently this guy *did* know and admitted he knew after my gf told him that she’s taken, ok so now I’m slightly pissed, so me, my gf, and my friend get in a discord call and devise a way to mess with this guy, because I found out a little later that he then started giving suicide threats to her and trying to guilt her and all that, so now I’m major pissed at this kid, so I ask my gf to let me have her instagram login (that’s where the messages were being sent) and she lets me log in, this is where the fun begins. So now I’m acting like I’m my gf messaging him and after about an hour of working him up to thinking that my gf might actually fall for him and dump me, we eventually got him to send a dick pic. Now this is where it gets really fun, I wouldn’t normally make fun of some one for their size since that’s retarded anyway I think we can all agree, but because of what this kid was doing I decide I’m going to put him to shame with my own dick pic. So I go in for a while basically acting like I’m still my gf talking and tell him that I’m going to send a pic back, (he’s expecting nudes from my gf) so I go and get hard and take a pic (first time I’ve ever done this btw) and send it to him revealing it had been her boyfriend the whole time, I literally basically was saying his dick looked big trying to trick him, then when I sent mine I just said: well mines bigger. And there’s that, I kind of feel bad because my dick is literally like twice the size of his (not trying to brag, just trying to shame him) he was about 4 inch’s or something and I’ve got an 8incher... so it was no competition. I then go on to cuss him out for an hour and he responds with more suicide threats Wich I don’t give a fuck about and I just cuss him out more, then he tries to say it was his sister who did that and all that bull shit, then he sends a pic of a knife... this is where it gets even better. So for the past 5 years or so I’ve been a huge knife collector and have a huge assortment of knives, so I send a pic back of a few of my knives (6x3, 6h4, M7, Ka-Bar, and a few home forged ones if anyone’s wondering) and tell him he picked the wrong fight, then he sends a pic of a dagger that he claims he made himself (obviously a lie) and I proceed to basically tell him off because I know for a fact he didn’t make that, and prove it to him showing my blade smithing equipment and a few examples. And to sum it up I basically told him to fuck off and goodnight and proceeded to block his Instagram from my gf. So in conclusion, was I justified or am I a little crazy, in my opinion I just wanted to have some fun Wich I very much did