Ok so I'm 14 years old and I've always had tiks for some reason. One week i have one specific tik, snd the other week i have another and forget the past one. I also probably have OCD, which basically forces me to do certain thing many times continously. If now i wrote without deleting words, then this text would be filled with double and random words. I've diagnosed myself with these 2 conditions after watching hundreds if not thousands of videos about them, and came to the conclusion on my own. My parents everyday shout at me and tell me to stop because they're annoying and usually they call me crazy and shit like that and that I'm not normal. I always try to tell them to FUCKING SHUT THE ABSOLUTE FUCK UP AND UNDERSTAND THAT I CAN'T STOP THE FUCK IN TIKS, but they keep telling me either that "oH yOu aLwAyS hAvE tO sAy ThE LaSt wOrD aNd DiSrEsPeCt me?!?!" or else that "it's all in your brain and so you can stop it, you're just nit trying harf enough". I mean, yeah i can suppress then but before I'm at my house andbso i can relax, i dont want to have the pressure of a tik which keeps building up in my mind and then when I go out i let it out and everyone makes fun of me. And even if i suppress is, I'm still gonna do it because it's impossible to keep it. For example use the new watermelon challenge with the rubber bands. The watermelon is my brain, inside it there are the tiks, if you keep putting rubber bands (so basically the pressure from keeping them in) at some point the watermelon is gonna explode, and so am I, and I'm gonna do tiks more often than before and also more different tiks than before. They say that it's impossible that i can't stop them because I've never had a traumatic event in the past, but that literally makes no sense as it's a genetic and it's a missing or malfunctioning nerve in my brain. I sometimes try to explain what i probably have, but they don't believe me. I want someone to tell me how to cope with them and also how to convince them that i can't fucking stop them as it's been 14 fucking years and i still haven't stopped doing them which probably means something!