Ya know how some dogs are, always chasing squirrels and little critters. So what happens when a dog chases a skunk? And get this, catches it. Well, bites it. The skunk sprays it that what. And I mean, i get, i know my parents were likely i  a hurry to get to work and all that, but *come* ***on***. Tying up the dog, ok I guess. But inside the house. In the kitchen. Literally the room in the center of our small little one story house. What. Were. You. Thinking. You leave at approximately 5:50 in the morning. I woke up until 6:40, overslept. My bus gets here at 7:34. You left the stinky dog inside the house, for over an hour. I cant do anything, I didnt even know why our dog was tied in the kitchen. I quickly went about my morning and got ready. But I'd already noticed the smell. Oh, the smell. Like something was burning. I thought it must be the heater, I'll check it when I get back from school. But no. I go to school. A little suspicious, I can smell that horrid scent on my hands and hair, maybe it's even coming from my shirt. Classmates around me start complaining of a smell. Great. Just. Great. Throught the day I not only change my shirt twice, get rid of my undershirt, discover even my undergarments stink, wash my hair at the nurses office, attain a borrowed backpack, rid of some of my stinky books and spray my school-given chromebook... I dont have a door to my room. It wasnt there when we moved. Ok. But why havent you bought one yet. Oh yea. You dont trust me and you dont want me locking myself in. I. STILL. STINK. I hate it. I hate this. It's like your really just trying your hardest to make me hate you isnt it? I swear, you better have a damn good reason for why that dog was let in the house. Ugh. I get back from school, missing a rehearsal, cause I know I'm going to have to wash my clothes and sheets. The whole house. Stinks like you have no idea. Why? Just. Why? There's no way I'm going to school tomorrow. I dont care what you say. I'm not stinking up the whole frickin school again, nuh-uh. I'm not going and you cant make me. Period.