 So, I was discussing my depression with my parents. My Mom took me downstairs and asked me what music I listened to because she knows I love music and because she thought that's why I had my depression. Trust me, I would never tell my Mom what I listen to because I know she wouldn't let me. I wanted to be honest so I told her rap. She wanted a taste of my playlist so I give her my device and headphones and she clicks on a random song. Some of the songs were worse than others. Sh e could've been on a worse part of the playlist. but she removed some of the explicit songs without my consent, even if it wasn't rated explicit but involved the feeling of sex. (luckily I have a backup playlist with all my music in it). After she got a nice taste, she told me it was "vulgar" and "disrespectful to women" because they call their women bitches. She told me to remove every single explicit song from the playlist. Being the pussy I was I started to cry (In my defense, i'm an almost 14 year old male). I had a very brief talk about it with Dad and discussed that he listened to Eminem in the 90's and that not much has changed lyric-wise. He just made a dumb excuse and said "Music today is just stupid". I didn't want to get too deep into it because I hate arguing with my parents and never really do it. Also, I don't know if I mentioned this. But, I have to ask for Mom's approval when I find a new song. I find new music every goddamn week and I like to keep my music tastes to myself unless I want to talk about it. My parents are very conservative and christian. My Mom thinks I don't like christian music because she thinks i'm "too good" for it. The truth is (coming from a Christians perspective) that christian music repeats itself and just sucks dick. I don't swear around my parents, I prove to them I can handle that type of music even they say I don't make mature desicions. whenever my Mom says frick it's fine but when I say frick she gasps like it's the end of the world. Sorry for the long post but I appreciate your time.