Today was not a good particularly the last 3 hours.  So I was watching tv on my Xbox while doing home and then family dinner is ready, (my family has been doing family dinner every night and it’s awful).  I told my mom I wanted to make tacos later cause I wasn’t hungry.  But I have to come down and said that I’d make my own diner later and my dad flipped (which he rarely does). So I barely eat and didn’t say a word the whole dinner because I wasn’t hungry and these people have annoyed me all day and I was at a tipping point.  So after an hour I went and made some bomb af tacos.  And I go upstairs to do homework and I can’t find my Computer.  My dad says he took it because I had a bad tone at dinner (which is very uncharacteristic of him to say).  He also took my Xbox.  I had to plead to my mom to let me have it back cause stuffs due tomorrow.  And my dad said I could have my computer and work downstairs eventually I snitched on my sister and reminded him of all the shit I do for him (cleaning the yard, helping him at his office, and a whole bunch of other stuff) which allowed me to get my computer back permanently (still bs he took it) and my sisters stuff got taken but I still won’t get the Xbox back.  Maybe I should have been a little nicer at dinner but he makes the same chicken every time cause my sis likes it, idk why I can’t just make my own meals.  I mainly blame this on quarantine because he can’t work and his work is his life, money isn’t a problem for us he’s just a workaholic.  Also I told my parents it was stupid to babysit my sisters friend because what’s the point of quarantine if we babysit this stupid kid.   Idk when I get my Xbox aka the only joy in this whole fucking house back, probably when my dad chills tf out.  Till then I can’t be angry about anything or complain.  I’ve never understood the point of taking away your kids stuff, like haha took away all the joy in your life and your ability to do homework and now you’re not allowed to complain about it.