Ok, so there is this girl in my advisory that I’ve liked since the beginning of the year. Since we are in the same advisory I’ve gotten chances to talk to her a lot and I was almost positive she liked me. I’m not going to get into details but it was obvious and we both knew it. It was practically as if we were dating but without actual dates. But something in my head always tells me a solid no when it comes to asking people out. I don’t know why, and I can’t ever shake it. So being sly about it I overwrote that by giving obvious hints I wanted to ask her out. The same must have been with her because nothing officially happened. Fast forward a few months of flirting with each other and the school musical pops up and guess what? We were assigned as dancing partners. I felt so happy when it happened until I realized I couldn’t dance, so I just acted natural about it and like I was having fun and it seemed to work out. But at this time another dude we’ll call “Dan” came along and started saying hi to her ALL THE FUCKING TIME they became friends and started talking and I was afraid she was taking interest in him, she still flirted with me (less often however) and I was kind of worried, as far as I know he didn’t make his move in time because after the musical his only time to see her was in a short math class, and they didn’t talk at lunch or anything often either (except for this one  time I saw them sitting together talking alone at a lunch table after lunch) I don’t pay attention to it so there could have been more times I don’t know about.  This dude “dan” has a voice of a 7 year old girl, so I have this hope that she thought he was gay because to be honest he is probably Bi even though I know for a fact he has liked other girls before. Anyways, with quarantine around she has started laughing/hearting my text in the advisory group chat (which she doesn’t do with anyone else in the chat) and I have a feeling she still likes me because quarantine came in clutch and left “dan” without a reason to talk to her. I want to start a text with her ASAP so she doesn’t lose interest. The problem is I don’t have anything to talk about. Idk what to send her that I wouldn’t otherwise send in the group chat. If anyone would like to give advice about texting or really anything it would be highly appreciated.