(I'm an only child btw thought I should say that before this) My birthday is in like 2 or so weeks and my mom is asking me what I want to do. It seems nice, but I don't really like going places for my birthday. I said I think that I just want to hang out with friends and maybe go somewhere with them like we do a fair amount. When I said that she said that she wants to go somewhere since we didn't go anywhere for her birthday making sure to imply like it is my fault. I told her that I thought that this was my birthday and if I don't want anything special then it would be fairly easy and have no questioning or anything like that. She then said, well ***I*** want to go somewhere as a family. I said well I don't really like leaving to go anywhere unless I actually wanted to go, which is rare. Then she said, well we need to live our lives and experience the world! I asked, where do you think we would go? Her: Bellaire Mt. (ski location we like). Ah so by going to a place we have been to a few times and go back like twice a year, that is ***Exploring the world and gaining new experiences.*** I don't see why I can't just have a simple birthday that I'm sure many parents would love to have to plan due to simplicity. She makes me feel like my opinion on how I like my birthdays and how I repeatedly tell her that I don't like to be in the spotlight is incorrect. IDK I just feel like I'm going to have a crappy birthday even though it's on a  3 day weekend just because my mom wants it to be her birthday. IDK where to add this in but about how she said we didn't go anywhere on her birthday, I said well, first of all, how am I supposed to pay for anything like that and also you didn't ask to go anywhere, it was in the middle of a school week, we went out for a night at a restaurant and when there was a theater show we went not long after her birthday. I just feel like I have no power yet am being made out to be in the wrong about something celebrating my birthday. (sorry for crappy order it's just how I was thinking of the events.) What should I do?