This was about a year ago now. I was in the car with my mom and twin sister (we are pretty close). My mom just got off the phone arguing with my dad about where a tv remote was. Then she said some thing along the lines of he always blames me and never takes responsibility for what he does. Now this sort of thing has been going on as long as I can remember where they get off the phone with each other then make a snarky remark about the other. And when you love both your parents you get to a point where you just get hurt by them more and more and eventually just start getting mad at them. I had enough by this was too much and too petty of a thing for them to argue about. So when my dad called back like 3 minutes later I ask what is you guy’s problem and then explain this to them. They didn’t get it so I asked my sister and she agreed with me. So we asked why do you do this they really didn’t have an answer for us but they responded with the we still love you thing. So we ask the question “these petty little things can’t be the things that make you guys argue what is the real problem?” Both my parents completely avoid the question. So me an my sister continue to ask questions similar to this and get the response form my mom of “well I think he cheated on me” my dad get super defensive and responds with something along the lines of well I think you did. So things get heated and more stuff comes out that my parents didn’t what me or my sister to know. And I get so upset that I just say to my parents while in tears “you two need to get marriage counseling or a divorce” and then just are just amazed that I said that and my sister backs me up on this. Then my parents told us that they tried it but they never went to more than a few claiming that it didn’t work. So we said that these are your only choices We won’t let you have others. This got them to go to counseling. It helps a little they still fight things Aren’t as bad anymore so that’s good. (But how is better sitting in your room crying wishing they weren’t together because you think things could be better you think to your self at least they wouldn’t fight but then you wouldn’t see both your parents and get sadder) I don’t know what to do anymore I just wish things would be better.