Umm..so, I need help figuring out this situation.. So i started liking this guy in the beginning of August probably last year..he's in ny class and we fooled around a lot.. People asked me what was going on between us and stuff.. I actually became crazy for him.. Fast forward to the beginning of feb, we had started texting on reddit, he had posted something on ask reddit about knowing if someone is interested in ya.. So i told him that he could get more info on r/crushes.. He tells me that he read a post by me hoping my crush would like me back...he askes if he knows this guy abd stuff.. One thing lead to another and he ends up telling me he has a gf but their relationship is falling apart and it was kinda forced and she kinda accepted the ugly him that no one had.. But he still has a crush.. We ended up confessing.. I was so happy... He even told he loved me twice but i was too overwhelmed and confused about his gf situation to properly answer... His gf was on a vacation so he didn't break up with her then... Umm so then things were fine but we hadn't started dating he was like normal at class, but sat behind me and stuff... Three days go by and we don't text as much.. Its like im the only one dying for a convo.. He tells me he doesn't wanna date cause a major exam was coming and i wanted the same thing... Later i get sick and stuff but he doesn't text me any thing.. He was really hurting me and stuff...i had said love you in a convo to which he responded with umm and fs in the chat boiis... Rn it feels like im the only one who has a crush on him.. Maybe he's not that expressive you say but till now im the only one valuing him... I haven't received a single fukin compliment yet and it feels like i kinda am crazy for him but he's not...exams ate postponed due to corona.. We're quarantined and he doesn't text.. What must he be doing soo imp? Idk... It's really affecting my mental health... What should i do? What should i expect? Any advice is appreciated.. Thanks for reaching the end