okay so basically we broke up and stuff because it wasn't working out and I wasn't happy. so when we broke up i had a girl bestfriend i talked to (she knew i was her friend because i told her and everything all the way back in octoberish). so i told her what happened because i was upset by it and hurting a lot. so then my ex asks me the next day if i told anybody we broke up, because she said she still wanted to be friends (i didn't but i was scared to say anything to her). but i told her no because i was scared she would be mad or upset at me if i told anybody after one day so i decided i wouldn't tell her that i told my girl best friend. so then time goes by and my girl best friend and i are still talking and getting even closer. so then one day i start to catch feelings for her (at this point i was trying to talk to my ex as very little as possible because i felt uncomfortable talking but i was scared to tell her incase she got mad or anything). so i started complimenting her and just being super sweet to her. then a few days later she tells me she likes me and then we started dating. (when we started dating i didn't tell my ex because she would be mad i moved on even though she told me to find someone who would make me happy). so at this point i'm avoiding very little conversations to my ex. so then me and my new gf are talking all day and at night talking on video chat. then after a whole 24 hours go by my new gf broke up with me. she said it was because of her dad saying that she can't talk to guys right now. so i believed it. i still tried to be friends with her because it was only one day but her dad meant like no boys at all not just like dating. so then i'm sad and stuff but i start to get better and i'm hanging out with my friends and stuff. so then my ex is like okay so i will only text you when i really need you and stuff okay. so i'm telling her okay and i'm happy because she did it and i was way to scared of her getting mad to do it. so then my new ex/old girl bestfriend blocks me on everything (instagram, snapchat, etc.) which is fine i guess but then a few days later she unblocks me on everything and we start following each other again on everything which made me happy (this was yesterday). so then today at 1 a.m. in the morning my ex texts me and she's like trying to be all nice to me and stuff and saying that she understands that i don't want to be friends anymore because i unadded her on snapchat (she barley ever used snapchat so i was confused how she even knew that because she almost never got on the app and didn't talk to anyone on there at least for what i know...) so then i reply with "huh" because i'm confused as why she is still texting me because clearly she didn't need me. so then she asks me about my new ex and i (i was confused because i never told her i dated her or anything like that). so i asked her what she meant by me and her and she was still being nice to me saying nothing i just wanted closure to see if i made the right choice and it looks like i did and she was saying she hoped to remain good friends. i was still confused on how she knew because she never talked to my new ex EVER. then she was just like i wanted to get it off my chest it means nothing. then i'm like we're not together so i say "i'm single?" because in all reality i am. so then she's saying i know you are rosy broke up with you after a week of us ending and i correct her letting her know it was longer than that so then again i'm asking her how she knows. then she just starts being mean to me calling my ungrateful for the care that she gave me (she's talking about herself for now). then calling me manipulative when i didn't even do anything to her. then she's saying she wish she never dated me calling me a liar (just because i didn't tell her that i started dating somebody else) then she's saying good night and good riddance. then i'm telling her that i'm at peace with myself and the world now because i know not being with her i became a better man and overall a better person in life. then she's telling me that her friend tells me "screw you" because my ex is all mad at me for no reason at all except i moved on with life and became happier. then she said she felt bad for the next girl who dated my sorry ass. so then she keeps being mean and stuff so then i try to calm her down because i don't like it and i'm telling her that i hope she finds success in the world and lives a happy life. so then she starts being nice again (for now). asking me if i want my hoodie back and i'm telling her yes please whenever we are in actual school. then she's saying i deserved what she said (here we go again :/) so then she's telling me good night and i'm like i have a question real quick and then she's saying "nope." so i'm saying "please?" so then she says "fine, what is it?" so then i ask her "who told you i dated her?" then she says "i know people and i know you told her the day we broke up and when i asked you, you're god damn liar, good night go figure your own shit out you don't need an answer from me." so then i tell her "sam I said that because i didn't know if you wanted me to tell anyone." "but who told you i'm curious?" and this is what she directly said "So good night and I'm laughing at the fact that she dumped your ass too so good night and good riddance I'm not answering your lying self." so then i realize that she got somebody to get rosy to breakup with me that she knew (it was somebody she knew or maybe even herself). then i'm realizing she followed me back on everything because she felt bad about it and what happened so i realized that my ex is trying to make me so i can't be happy and she has people who will tell her anything i do or anyone i talk to. so basically for her breaking up with me for not being happy she's trying to destroy my life when i was getting happier by making the girl who make me happy breakup with me and make up an excuse (my ex used this excuse before when she broke up with me in early july last year but then got back together with me in august and she even told me that it was a lie). so now she has people that tell her anything and everything i do and i can't be happy because of her because she doesn't want me to be happy and she said she's petty trying to get back to me for being petty (which i never did anything petty to her). so now she's basically controlling my life in a way. please help me some how someone.