hi. so I’m gonna just say what’s happening to me. so I liked this girl. a lot. and her friend, (who is also a friend of mine) who I’ve known my whole life,  pushed us into a relationship and so I actually got a girlfriend and I thought Jesus blessed me for frick’s sake. and so ya know we dated for a while no issues. and then one day she’s all like depressed and I’m just like “hey you good?” and she said she’d tell me tomorrow. and so I kept texting her asking if she was all right and i play guitar so I offered to write a song and she says a song doesn’t fix everything and that kinda broke me a little. and then the next day. we’re walking out of school before break. she breaks up with me. I get off the bus, holding in my tears, and as soon as I walk in the door, I collapse. I’m bawling my eyes out over there on the floor and my mom and dad are all worried for me. so I had to add up the facts and was thinking of all that happened and I realized that my friend who is known my whole life (we’ll call them Val they’re a girl btw) probably made her break up with me because my now ex-gf told me she felt ignored by me. And so ya know then Val texts me and she’s like “idk what to feel” and of course being the heartbroken teenager I am I lashed out my anger accidentally and said “how do you not know what to feel my heart shattered” and so I realized I was angry so I apologized we had a quick conversation and then I went skiing and tried to enjoy the rest of the day. and so the next day I wake up and see that someone sent me the definition of clingy. it was one of my ex-gf’s friends and so my mom showed it to me (she had my phone) and she called her mom which made my ex-gf and her friends angry. Val then texts saying she wasn’t okay with what I did. I called her. spoke to her. she hung up on me. TWICE. and so I called her again and she started crying and then her other friend texted me saying she was gonna kill me. I said try me bi*ch. later that day I was at a friends and my ex-gf calls me and we have a 30 min long conversation and little did I know she lied the whole time. Val told me two weeks later that she lied. during those two weeks btw things died down a little. then one day me and Val talked and we worked it out between us and we were chill. we went skiing and hung out for a bit. then one day in school some kid asked if I was still dating that girl and I said no. he asked why and I just told him I thought her friends like Val and the other ones who sent rude texts put pressure on her. So later I get home check my Snapchat and see that she texted me. Here are her exact words: “You didn’t learn anything. I can’t believe you had the audacity to tell Zack that Camilla broke up with you Because of ME.” The kid’s name was Zack btw and my ex-gf was camilla now realizing I didn’t mention that. Anyway yeah she’s going on about how we should all meet up talk it out I’m telling her that Zack misunderstood what I said. So ya know tensions rise again everyone’s giving me dirty looks. Later that week camilla texts me. I’ll give you her exact words too. “First of all you shouldn’t be telling anyone about what happened between us especially since that is our business and no one else’s. Zack called me a bitch and told me that I broke up with you because of Val and you had to have said something about that to make him think that in the first place. Zack was fucking attacking me saying how bad of a person I was. And just to let you know I didn’t break up with you because of Val. Also I don’t want to be friends with someone who hurt other people in ways that I wouldn’t want to be treated by. And speaking of Val , you haven’t taken any hints about anything. Val is literally not okay with you rn and you don’t know why. Like there is so much you don’t know because you haven’t come to realize. I thought you were a good friend, but all you do is hurt other people. And don’t say I’m done with all this drama, because you were the one who started it in the first place. Go ahead and fight me on this because idek or care to respond. I feel like I shouldn’t be the one telling you this, but I need to because maybe you’ll actually listen to me” she says that I kept attacking her. she texted me first. I did nothing to them. Have you ever seen those memes where it’s like: girls- why don’t boys ever get our signs ugh. Their signs- weird frickin street sign. And yeah it’s basically that. She expected me to just get up and apologize for nothing I had done. They cause me too much stress and I really wanted to do something about it. I couldn’t believe I was dealing with four god damn stupid girls who are making themselves angry over something stupid like this. They tried to turn my own sister against me. They texted her saying “we’re still fine, right? You get what’s happening? You’re brother’s being kind of mean.” My sister was even trying to defend me. My whole family wanted to just go to their houses and just scream their heads off. So another week goes by. Tensions are even higher. Of course camilla keeps on texting me trying to aggravate me even more i don’t even know really what she wanted, but I had a show to focus on and I was with my real friends so I was okay. Another week goes by. It’s a Wednesday night, and I go on this app called houseparty I think. They all join. They’re swearing their heads off, telling me how bad of a person I am. I ask them what I did. They were silent a whole minute. They said “well, you stopped and rolled your eyes at us today in the hall.” I told them how ridiculous that was, and that I didn’t want to talk to them anymore. They tried to work it out with me saying “let’s all meet up at the park” I said sure cause I didn’t give a shit at that point. I eventually called Val later. Knowing she had dance, I waited till she got out of dance to call because I didn’t want to be rude unlike them. I call her, and I tell her my points. She tells me her points. Her points being: you rolled your eyes, you ignored us, you didn’t talk to us. My points being: you treated me horribly, you talked about me behind my back, you lied straight to my face. And so she finally understands after about 1 1/2 months of trying to get her to understand me. So we didn’t do the park thing. That was dumb anyway. Camilla texts me later saying we can’t be friends with dumb shit like “better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all” no you’re not god damn gahndi (idk if I spelled that right) but no I’d rather have never loved than have confessed. But yeah then it ended. They’re still talking about me behind my back, and Camilla and her bitchy friends have left me alone since. I haven’t talked to them since March 11 and it’s the 21st and I’m kinda chilling but I can’t get it off my mind. I was almost gonna fake memory loss so I could become friends with them again. But then I realized that was extreme and they aren’t worth the time of day. I just wanna forget about it. It really shook me. I still need a therapist which I have yet to find. I’m only in middle school and I think it’s stupid that I’m going through this much shit in 8th grade. My own godmother who is val’s mom didn’t even bother to listen to me. The only thing I’ve got left is my piano, guitar, bass and family lol. I’m not sure what to do now. I keep on thinking about it and I can’t stop. It really does hurt. It’s quite painful just thinking about it. I did everything I could to keep that relationship going, and it ended with me straight up not having a good time. at all. I can’t believe I’m only in 8th grade and I have to deal with this.