I made this rant earlier on a Tiktok post and I felt that I could get some good help hear. Prolly gonna be some formatting problems because of that. Anyways here I go. Corona made me realize that I actually have no friends. Like I haven't really talked to anyone since school let out. I can't get any conversation going over text with someone I talked to at school without feeling awkward and forced. My life is slowly feeling more and more useless by the day. I sometimes enjoy gaming and stuff but it can be quite the drag sometimes. I have absolutely nothing to look forward to or be motivated for. My talks with my therapist go nowhere because I'm too much of a pussy to talk about my actual problems. Though I really don't wanna do it nor would actually do it, I have seriously contemplated suicide on a couple occasions recently. My relationship with my parents on both sides is slowly getting worse and worse by the day. I don't even feel loved by them either anymore even though I'm sure they do. My sleep schedule is getting more fucked by the day. I'm just being a useless piece of shit all day never getting anything done. I can't even do basic things like brushing my teeth and bathing as I just can't get myself to do a 5 minute task. My life is completely crumbling around me. I have no one to look up to or just to be with. I have never even had someone to be close to me. I'm always just an outside member of friend groups despite being the center of attention a lot, and I don't know how to even react to that as I have never been trained on social interaction. I've seen all this stuff on tiktok like "best boys hangout ____" and it made me realize I have never had any social occation with friends besides my birthday and shit. I'm too damn awkward to even ask someone to hang out with me. I'm so fucking lost at this point. The fact that this all just flew out of my head with no hesitation or forethought at all is deeply concerning for me. I probably need serious help. But most of all, I just need people to actually talk to, hang out with, game with, and just enjoy life in general. I have never had anything close to that happen to me before. Maybe I'm not alone and society keeps similar situations like mine unknown. Maybe it's just a select few living these "normal lives". Probably not the case but maybe I'm not alone. Regardless, I fucking hate myself and everything about it. I want to change but I can't. I have to be myself as I can't just pretend being someone else, as then I'm not even living my life. But being myself means that I am gonna live this same shitty life forever. Something needs to give. Something needs to change. I don't know what. I need help. I need people in my life. I don't know how to get people in my life. I doubt anyone read this far but I don't care, I needed to dump my mind on text. This little rant felt therapeutic to me, like I finally found the English words to describe my situation. Now the other piece of the puzzle is the external help and people that I probably will never get. This is it, I think I said everything