Imma sleep by myself in the cold in a room that’s dimly lit by a Himalayan salt lamp because I’m lonely and will never experience love but will continuously experience nothing but exponential pain and realize life is meaningless and we will all die in the end no matter what and In less than 200 years we will be forgotten with no hope of being remembered, not to mention the fact that nobody knows what happens after death but people that have died but they have no way of communicating with us so we will never know until the day we die and what if when we die we just experience being stuck in a dark void where you can’t feel hungry thirsty or anything, you just feel cold and float in the dark for the rest of eternity. And what if that is the case? It’s inevitable but it’s an absolutely terribly scary thought but I can never take my mind off it and my anxiety medicine doesn’t do anything but make me want to cry. I’ve been beat and bullied to the point of wanting to kill myself but I can’t because I’m terrified of death but I’m scared to live and it’s like I’m trapped in this continuous loop of life and death and I want to experience all the great things life has to offer but I know that in the end all the fun I have in this life will be gone the day I die. And in doing anything, I could be causing a butterfly effect of inconveniencing other people. I want to have a girlfriend but I hate the feeling of being cheated on, it’s happened in all my relationships. It’s like I’m not good enough but people tell me that they just weren’t right for me, but is anybody? Because I’ve never met a girl who has genuinely liked me for me, they’ve only dated me so they could say that they had a boyfriend. I hate being used, I hate being embarrassed, I hate being proved wrong, I hate being made fun off, I hate being invisible, I hate that my older brother (by one year) is 6’1, has a six pack, is really popular, is really strong, has cool shit, and is cool. People only know me from “are you [blank]s little brother?” It happens all the time. He’s honestly a douche bag and it hurts me to know that he’s like that but he wasn’t always, and I could’ve prevented every single thing that has happened to me and my siblings, if when I was 7 I just never begged to go to school because I want friends and I didn’t want to be homeschooled. I could’ve prevented him from turning out how he is, same with me and my sister. I hate that I have to live with knowing I’m Autistic and that there is nothing in the world I can do to change that. Most people wouldn’t guess unless I told them but it still hurts to have to know that I will never experience some things the same way that the rest of the world does. I hate everything about myself, from the way I act, talk, walk, look, smile, sound and literally everything else. I have good parents that work their asses off to keep food on the table, even though sometimes we can’t afford food, they try their hardest for us. It would pain them to know that this is how I actually feel. I could go on with writing this for days probably, but for the sake of you guys I’ll leave it here. I might come back to this and add more to this post in the future if you guys want me to. Thanks for reading this, even if you don’t upvote this or comment, I appreciate you taking the time to read this.