I’ve been talking to a such a beautiful, smart, and funny girl named Christine. I soon started taking things fast because I don’t have enough time to be with her. I have her in Orchestra and she’s an amazing violinist I’ve ever met. Well my expectations are kinda low, if you know how to vibrato you’re pretty much a god to me. Anyways through enough talking I found out she’s older than me by one year not to mention taller too, by just an inch alright. My friends call me something of a Narcissist who dresses very nice everyday. Christine also wears such fine clothing as me too, such as dresses and other clothes I don’t know how to explain. I talked to her more and stay after school just to talk to her face to face. I found out she had never had a special someone and Valentine’s Day was coming up. I soon started to flirt with her saying how come such a beautiful girl such as yourself had never been with a special someone it made her smile since we both had been complimenting on our appearance. Skipping forward it becomes Valentines Day I wanted to surprise her and bought her nice colorful flowers, a rose, balloons, chocolates and lollipops while wearing a red and white suit. It doesn’t talk long for people to get jealous and hating the day of Valentine’s Day because I’ve gotten everyone’s attention that day. I drop of gifts to my friends and Sofia and Faith tell me if Christine doesn’t accept your kind and romantic gesture they would go beat her up. That put a smile on my face because now I now these two are the few best friends I’m gonna have. Skipping some more my friend Miguel tells me that she left early during class. So I’m super bummed out, although it didn’t really affect me on still having a good time. During orchestra when everyone left I noticed Christine locker was open so I quickly wrote a note saying I got you a special gift a shame you missed out. While putting my phone number on it. I tell my family and disaster stuck I remembered not putting my name on it. How stupid can I get? The 3-day weekend passes and it’s Tuesday. My phone buzzes like at least 10 times and I thought nothing of it because usually a group chat blows up during the morning. After like 10 minutes I check my phone and It’s Christine! I made her smile and laugh on my kind and thoughtful gesture. I was so relieved she enjoyed it because I felt like I came out to strong and my mom told me she probably won’t like over confident guys. But it all worked out we’re both happy together! And I don’t care if it only last for like 2 weeks like my past dates I’m still incredibly happy that the most wonderful girl I’ve ever met is making a strong bond between her and I.