Like the title says, my dad is a boomer. He’s 66 years old and blames everything on video games. He’s kinda racist, he always talks about the good old days and how “if I acted like that at your age, I would’ve been whipped,” he doesn’t know how to take any sort of joke, like I literally can’t make a joke without him taking it seriously. He’s a raging alcoholic, and he gives me and my brother a bed time, that might not sound so bad if it wasn’t 11 fucking pm. Now why do I say this? Because I’m pissed at how retarded he is, I’m a twin, I’ve got a brother and I’m a guy. So a couple nights ago I was trying to sleep when I hear my dad call me to ask me if I have something (I forgot) and so I yell back “no” but he’s deaf so I gotta walk over to him and say it, when I look outside and see my dog at the door, and I smell a skunk, and I examine my dog from behind the glass door and realize, he’s got a wet spot on the back of his neck, so I tell my dad as anybody would “yeah I think the dog got sprayed by a skunk” and he walks outside and smells him, sure enough he was sprayed. My dad looks up and yells “GOD DAMMIT” and so I’m thinkin “great it’s one of these nights isn’t it” so him being the smart man he is, he asks me to google how to de-skunk a dog even though “he already knows how.” So I get a bucket and put all the shit I have to in there. Now we’re cleaning the dog outside and he tells me “don’t touch the dog” and after some washing, the dog gets free, and I of course get yelled at for “not holding the dog.” So at this point I’m kinda getting pissed off. I just start walking around because I’ve got nothing to do when I walk behind him. Now, imagine sticking your nose into a 1/4 full bottle of whiskey, that’s what I smelled, it was so fucking strong that I had to back away. So anyways, he’s going on his drunken rant about how me and my brother are useless idiots when he said “none of this would’ve happened if you didn’t have those damn video screens.” Now, I knew he was crazy, but I questioned my sanity when I thought I clearly heard him blame our dog getting sprayed by a skunk while I was trying to sleep and my brother was doing who knows what, on video games. Let me say it again, he blamed video games for letting my dog get sprayed by a skunk. Yeah, no, you’re a crazy man. Anyways that’s my great story of a couple nights ago, and while I’m here, might as well mention that he literally wished for my brother’s death in front of him just for making a random joke about being strong. That’s a lot more than I planned to write, I hope you enjoyed my story and sorry for the formatting, Mobile is kinda stupid