Quick History: /this is over a span of almost 5 years/ I met him in sixth grade because he used to hang out with me and a former friend a lot. He used to like said friend, and they hit it off. Turns out she was a bitch and a liar and they break up. I also stop being friends with her. He gets kinda depressed about it, develops feelings for another girl. Asks HER out, she says yes in the beginning but turns him down a few hours before their first date. He ends up feeling useless and unworthy of love, but he really deserves more. Both of the girls were mean girls anyway. He closes up again from everyone, then starts hanging out a lot with a common friend, who is also my best friend. Everyone knew he caught feelings, he confesses on christmas, she turns him down because shes not sure. They fight over something dumb, make up, but arent as close as before. Almost a year later, he gets a tiny crush on a girl and confesses immediately, but she also turns him down indirectly. That was last October. Just to make things clear, he isnt an fboy or anything. He is so sweet to people even if they are mean to him, and girls arent an exception. He gets bullied sometimes, but is never able to stand up for himself. Which is why I feel so protective over him. We dont text bcuz of my helicopter parents. That same month /October/ he starts hanging out with me A LOT. The thing is, he isn't close to my other friends, cuz he just knows them by name. Yet, even tho he was awkward with them, he still hangs out with us. Every day, when I walk into school, he will always walk me to class. And every time the bell for recess rings, he would always be waiting for me right outside my classroom, even if it was on the other side of the building. If I stay longer in class he would keep on waiting, Even if half an hour passes. In november, it starts to rain a lot, and my friends would always stay outside. He stayed with me inside, and thats when we started hanging out alone and getting closer. We would start talking about deep stuff, and thats when I realized he had so much more to him than what he displayed to the world. He also has some deep feeling of low self esteem and feelings of worthlessness. On his birthday, which was right before the holidays, we hung out alone, and when i gave him his gift, which was a drawing of his fav character, his face lit up, and i never saw him any happier. I also wrote him a note, but told him not to read it in front of me. We didnt see each other over the holidays, but when we were back at school he told me that he cried so much when he read the birthday note and also kept on saying how much he missed me. At this point him and my friends were a bit more chill with each other. He would occasionaly call one of us cute in a friendly manner, make jokes, play truth or dare etc etc... What confuses me is this: I remember him once joking about how he only lets girls he likes go through a door before him. Well, now he never passes through a door before me. Even when I stand aside and tell him to go first, he would refuse. And then there are these times when he will get kinda annoyed but not very visibly when i speak about past crushes/ celeb heartthrobs etc. Once we were playing truth or dare and my friend kept on joking about how 'whos your crush' is the most basic question in the world. So when my friend got distracted, he asked me in a low voice, 'Do you have a crush on any girl/guy?' I got flustered, but immediately said that I like a guy but im not so sure. I asked him and he said MY answer. 'I like a girl but im not so sure.' Another thing is that we both have the same music taste(lofi,soundcloud underground artists) , and it became our little habit of telling each other about songs that we dont tell anyone else. I have this thing when im bored where id write a lyric on my hand sometimes. He started doing the same thing, and its always one of the songs i told him about. Yesterday, we were walking and talking, and then we were quite for a bit, and i could feel him staring at me. I look at him, and hes smiling, and in aquite squeaky voice he said, 'youre so cute.'  Based on my research all of this screams I LIKE YOU. But, he is also really close to another girl who isnt in our school. The girl is pansexual but more attracted to girls than boys. Occasionally he would post something about her on his story, he would tell me of something that happened to her, or about the last time they hung out. He would also tell me about telling her about me. He even remembers little trivial things I would tell him. What really crushed me is this: she asked him to go out on a friendly date, and he said yes. Its also on valentines. When he told me he kept on denying that its a date and its just two friends hanging out.  Im so confused. Can someone please help?