Today I wanted to play minecraft with my friend, who couldn't play past 5:30, at 3. That gives us two hours to play with each other (cause he needs to get off before 5:30). But of course, my little brother had to be a bitch and was complaining that he never gets to play, even though he plays the most out of everybody. So I ask my dad if I could play from 3 to 5 and he goes fine but at 5 exactly, you have to get off. I say sure what ever. Now, at 2:40, my mom comes home and I asked her if she could give me a haircut and she says sure. This is her first time cutting hair (cause of quarantine), so it takes awhile. It took about 30 minutes, so it was 3:10. Then I had to shower to get the hair off, cause there was a lot. By the time I actually start playing, it's 3:30 so I tell my dad instead of playing from 3 to 5, I was gonna play from 3:30 to as long as my friend could play before 5:30. He goes "No. Everybody is gonna get the same two hours of play time." Meanwhile, he is only letting me play and hour thirty while my older brother who played before got 4 hours and my little brother who was gonna play last meaning there was no one to kick him off, so basically no time limit. I said that it wasn't fair and I was going to play the two hours I was promised. So when it turns 5, my dad tells me to get off and I say no, that's not fair. Then he calls my mom, who surprisingly took my side. This is where the fun begins. Now once it turns 5:20, my little brother has literally been counting down the seconds until he could play asking every five minutes if I'm almost done (and he does this every day so it gets pretty annoying after awhile). I tell him I'm almost done and I'll call him when it's time for him to play and that if he asks again then he can't play minecraft (cause I bout the game with my own money that I got from my job). Next thing he does is ask if I'm almost done. Then I say, "Now you can't play minecraft." As soon as he gets on, he starts to play minecraft. I say "You have 5 seconds to stop playing before I turn the PS4 off"    He doesn't get off. So, I turn off the playstation. This happens about three times and on the third time, he tells my mom. My mom says to let him play minecraft and I say no, cause it's my game and he pissed my off (just so everybody knows, I don't have shit to myself. Like nothing. I share a room with my brothers and they always go through my shit). My mom starts to get pissed off and yells at me to let him play and I say no, I bought it and it's mine. I don't want him to play. So now she tells me to give my phone to her and I say why. Then my dad comes in and starts yelling at me, so basically, we go back and forth and he finally says "You keep saying no to me and that is disrespectful so I am taking your phone." I said "Do you know why I keep saying no?" and he says that it isn't important. How the fuck is that not important. I have my own opinions and it isn't my fault that you think it's disrespectful. So now he took my phone for the rest of the night and I'm on my laptop writing this. I keep asking him how I am supposed to have my own opinions if he thinks they are disrespectful and he just keeps ignoring me. How the fuck am I supposed even live in this house if my opinions are disrespectful. Anyways, sorry for the long post I just needed to say something somewhere and I don't have my phone to talk to anyone.