Hi everyone my name is reese im 16(m) and this is my story if my Depression. I first started having suicidal thoughts in grade 8 and had my first suicide attempt. And so far from there it has just got worse. I started to not have fun doing the things i love everything starts to go stale. I would sit in my bed for hours either crying or doing nothing at all. My life got boring. And i tend to think awful thoughts about myself when i have to much alone time. In the middle of the night I would text my friends really depressing messages and I would scare them thinking i was going to kill myself. It was bad. Now in grade 9 I started to cut. My hands have so many scars. Near the end of grade 9 i tried smoking weed. It was my new therapy. Instead of cutting I would smoke weed. This is my second suicide attempt. I have severe ADHD and i take meds for it and ine morning i tried to od on them. I should of died that day my heart rate when super slow. Im lucky to be alive. Now im grade 10 i had my first girlfriend i felt like the happiest guy in the world but when she broke up with me i was gonna run away but lucky my friends stop me. It gets worse from here.i start taking my pills at irregular times skipping some days. This can cost me to have seizures and die. Again lucky to be alive.Now im smoking a lot of weed. And nothing anymore gives me joy. Now grade 11. The smoking gets worse and i got a job. The cutting came back. I work a Fortinos and every shift i would take my box knife and cut myself on my finger(i have stop this now). fun fact if i smoke weed to close to when i take my pills i can die.so i was at a sleep over and in the morning i take my meds and smoke weed. I should of died again im lucky to be alive.And recently i got another girlfriend and i was happy for like 2 weeks everything was great I thought it was over . It wasn’t. My depression comes back and now she is like my therapist. i had a lot of beef with my friends recently (not going to get in to what happened because its a long story) and I thought i was going to lose my close friends i was so sad crying every day and was super suicidal. The only reason im alive today is because of my girlfriend. I love her so much and im scared if i lose her im going to have no one to stop me killing myself. So that my story i still have problems today and i hope i get better. depression Is no joke and if you have anyone you know that has it take good care of them. Cus you never know when they can snap. If any of you have depression talk to someone it wont go away for a while. I love you all.