So where do i begin? Well lets just get this out of the way shall we? School, it is a waste of time plain and simple. It is so stressful and i cant wait to graduate. Now a lot of people say these are the best years of your life so live them well. But how am i supposed too enjoy childhood when i have so much god damn work to do. Summer break cant even be an actual break without your mom or dad telling you to read or practice your math. It is so annoying. Then if you vent about it and finally just snap and go off two things can happen. You get your ass handed to you or your parents just guilt trip you into being good again and you wanna apologize because they made you feel bad about yourself for getting angry. And when you have a overly privileged little brother like me, all he has to do is snap his fingers and boom he gets what he wants or gets you in trouble.(Side note: I didnt mention i have a six month old baby sister and my mom said today and i quote, "I didnt think i was having anymore kids so i spoiled your little brother". Like wtf? Now on that last note i think i need to bring up the fact that you are forced to share with your sibling if you have one. Now im cool with having to share a few things but when im playing a game and your sibling says, "Is it my turn". Instantly you are worried because remember all he has to do is snap his fingers and your off the game and he has the controller playing his game. It is so annoying. Look i know parents do a lot and provides you with food, electricity, water and thats fair. But on that note lets bring up another disadvantage. Chores. Now personally im lucky to not have to do to many chores but to those kids who do damn near every chore around the house let this sink in. Notice your parents are so quick to say they pay the house bills and it is their house. But when it comes to doing household tasks suddenly the house also belongs to you and they give you chores. Just saying. Now there are other things too that im not going to explain but list. Having a bed time even though you aren't tired. Being told when to wake up. Being told what to eat. How to spend your money. What school to go to. What to say and what not to say. Where to go. Who to hang out with. And overall you dont have much freedom. I think when you are a kid and at the end of the day when the dust all settles, you realize that you just dont have a choice, or a say in what happens in your own life. TL;DR Being a kid sucks and you dont have any freedom. And mom, dad if you are somehow reading this let me clarify a few things. You just dont understand me, plain and simple. You cant pull the whole oh i was a kid once to bullcrap, because mom, you always tell me you liked being a kid. But thats cause your family was rich, and you were smart and had great memory. Im not the same as you. I dont like school not cause i dont like learning, but because i cant handle it. I cant keep up with it. I cant stand constantly being monitored and watched and tested like im in a lab. Im just a kid who hopes to be a internet star one day. You just dont support that dream. Well unfortunately for you, your wrong. Im gonna succeeded in life just enough. I have a good future i can tell. Just next time try to see things from my point of veiw. Please?