Ok so the creepiest thing just happened. Around 1:30am, I was woken up by the sound of what I assume to be either our back gate or someone close, followed by some strange noises downstairs. Could either be the fish tank or just noises the house makes. It's the kinda thing that gets my heart beating with the possibility that someone could be in our house, something that I can't go back to sleep until I've searched the house. I get the sneaking suspicion that I need to check the outside garage door, the door that connects the gate to inside the house. I'm still in my room, contemplating what I should do. For my own personal safety, I grab my revolver, two clips, and my flashlight. First thing I go to investigate is the garage. I slowly make my way there, making sure to avoid any noise that would wake anyone up. I gently open the first garage door, the one leading from the house to the garage. Aiming the gun, and opening the door with my foot, I scan each area revealed by the opening door. By the time it's fully open, I finally have view of the outside door. I had suspected that it would be unlocked, perhaps due to someone lazily just shutting it. No. Much worse. The door was gaping open, the night wind blowing through. My heart beats faster. I advance through the door, cocking the gun and releasing the safety. I give out an audible "Hello?" to either alert the intruder to start making their escape or someone to explain what the noise was. I slowly open the gate, and make my way through it. The motion triggered lights are on. Not good. I continue on, looking for any car on the street seemingly out of place. Nothing. I make my way back inside, closing and locking everything as I go. I make an initial sweep. Nothing. I make a second, making sure to check pantries, showers, anything big enough to hide in. Nothing. I conduct a third and final sweep to check for valuables. Everything's there. TV, phones, consoles, everything. After I'm satisfied with my discovery, I head back up the stairs. A pile of books and boxes startle me, but I'm okay. I put the safety back on, return the hammer back to its striking position, unload clips, turn off the light, and sit on my bed for a while to let my heart return to its normal rhythm. I'm okay. We're okay. The house is now safe.