Some people need to quit with this BS, you know damn will it’s not true. So many claim that schools teach them useless information, when it is all base layer brick laying. I saw this post talking about how it’s useless to learn about the Mongals, yada yada yada. Not only is it bs, it’s ignorance. Schools teach us these things not for the information itself, but the skills it helps found and secure. History class is a good example. The reason we have to take pages of notes and summarize many topics is to help up with text understanding and how to break down large information for the small scale detail. This becomes important in senior year and college where you study for hours on end without any guidance as to notes. You don’t want to be caught up reading the same book over and over again, we know damn well how bad that works. But in pushing school of to the side this way, you also discredit the teachers work in this. I see the living environment of teachers in snippets, how poor some of them are due to the education systems terrible management. They work so hard for us, some working to 2 AM only to get two to three hours of sleep for us. Yet some of you disregard it and ignore their teaching in class. And the final point is that you are setting up your own failure and demise. Many people feel they accomplish nothing in life and get early set depression due to it; they see low scores and 7 hours of boredom. This cripples yourself and causes further break down. 
My suggestion is to disconnect from any social media accounts who post content such as what this is about. And to start looking at the teacher and listening, even if it’s a slight bit more than normal, and gradually pay attention more and more 
Although I’m not expert, that is what works for me. I separated from my depression episodes and have improved greatly. 
I understand that I am most likely a 1/100 chance for this. But please, for your sake and mine. Try
I believe in your ability, even though I don’t know you. I know you can. Best of luck