Australia is on fire as well as everything in it. This includes homes, people, ecosystems, and wildlife. As of January 3rd, 2020, there are 200 wildfires in Australia. The widespread fires were caused by many factors that include heatwave, drought, climate change, and longer fire seasons. Fire has no feelings, no emotions, no heart. Fire doesn’t care what is in its path.
Australia, the country and continent as we know it, is being destroyed. People are losing their homes and their homeland. Over 2,500 houses and buildings have been destroyed as well as the 12 million acres that have once laid in the path of the roaring fire.
    Australia is known for its unique and special wildlife. Australia is home to approximately 200 to 300 thousand different species of animals. The land of these great creatures is slowly disappearing. More than 1 billion animals living in Australia have suffered this brutal death. This number is greatly increased as the fires have no desire to stop. The estimated population of deaths for wildlife in Australia is only increasing as it is skyrocketing past 1 billion. These numbers do not even include the animals that are living in the harsh, critical conditions that are barely hanging on to life in an effort to survive. These animals will also have to face the harsh reality of living in their once beloved ecosystems that are no longer inhabitable.
    These ferocious fires put many species at risk. Extinction is now a huge problem throughout Australia. Before the fire broke out in the country, every 1 in 3 species was at risk of extinction. Now with the growing fires, this risk is now a likely scenario.
    Millions of people are either directly or relatively being affected by these wildfires. Whether people have lost their homes, loved ones or even their lives, most are affected by this reality. Around 25 people have lost their lives, which means more people have lost loved ones. Citizens of this country have lost land, businesses, farms, pets, vehicles, and other personal belongings.
    Many may think that wildfires will never reach them. But with the expanding fires, this is becoming a bigger problem by the day. The Australian wildfires are only getting worse. Wildfires have already done too much in this diverse country. We can no longer wait for fires to die out, but we must quickly act upon this problem. We must put our brains together to resolve this growing conflict in this renowned country.
The only obvious solution to this dilemma is to drop two hydrogen bombs in the South Pacific Ocean which would cause a large tsunami off the coast of Australia. The fires would be smothered and extinguished by the massive volume of water sent to the country by the tsunami. 
In order for the tsunami to gain sufficient mass to reach the widespread wildfires, each bomb would have to be the same size and contain the same payload as the Tsar Bomba, the largest hydrogen bomb ever made. They would contain a payload equivalent to 100 megatons of TNT combined. Just one of these bombs contains 1,570 times the energy released by both the bombs that destroyed Hiroshima and Nagasaki at the end of World War II combined. Keep in mind, we are dropping two of these in the Pacific. This would create a record-breaking tsunami that could easily stop the wildfires in their tracks.
Although some may see the potential of nuclear fallout, this is the only solution. The dropping of hydrogen bombs in the south PAcific may cause the world to be a little colder for the first few years. But this is also beneficial, as this can help the cause against global warming. If some may be against this proposition, we ask what their solution may be. The prime minister of Australia has done nothing except perform publicity stunts to increase political following. Why should we get involved you may ask. Well, the answer is quite clear. Australia has helped the United States in the past, why wouldn’t we return the favor? America has already jumped onto the case by providing temporary help in the form of sending firefighters. This only to slow down the fires instead of stopping them. This is why we propose to end and resolve the Australian fires completely.
The fires are spreading quickly due to the 80 mph winds in Australia. The high winds are tossing burning embers many miles to cause more fires further in Australia. The quickest solution to stop the fires before they spread any further would be our solution. If properly executed, our solution would cause fewer casualties than letting the fires burn out and cause less property damage. To perform our solution correctly, the government must; evacuate all citizens to safe houses on the geographic highpoints of Australia or send citizens to New Zealand or the Philippines. Animal control in Australia would then have to herd a fair amount of the animal population in Australia to the highpoints just before the tsunami to minimize the loss of endangered species in Australia. Property damage is foreseen but would you rather lose your house or your life? This is the proper way to execute the solution and is clearly the best and the only way to do away with the wildfires.