Well Andrew is probably a evil Mastermind  I'm like 90% sure (this is coming from a guy who posed for my sister's friend to send booty pics to a guy). So first some back story (it won't make sense at first but at the end it'll all fall in place) so back in like 6th grade I was the outcast of the class and was pretty much all alone and my house was near school so I would always walk home. There was this girl I'll call Katey in my class who would walk home the same way and would call me "loner" (which she wasn't wrong but it would bother me but now I see she was just joking) and walk home with part of the way home with me. When I got to 7th grade she sorta just vanished I had no idea where she went but I eventually made friends I met Beth in one of my classes, and Zen and Andrew in band. I've met some other people I'm alright with during 7th and 8 grade. Anyways back to how I think Andrew is a evil master mind I was recreating that one meme of the boyfriend looking at another girl infront of his girlfriend but with me as all of them. I sent it to Andrew who then posted it on his cap story (cap snat if I'm not getting sponsored I'm not posting the name) and he mentioned me and I guess Katey had his cap and found mine and talked to him to see if it's me. He then said hey some girl who's in our grade would want to talk to you. I didn't recognize her at first due to me having multiple minor concussions in football causing bad memory. She then showed me pictures of her now and back in 6th grade. It took me 45 minutes to realize it was her and during all of this Andrew was going like "bro I think she is crushing on you" I told him he's insane and he probably planned this whole thing out because he's tired of the fact I'm still single since 8th grade which only lasted 2 days due to her being anxious about my friends talking to her because apparently it's insane I get a girlfriend. So I'm still waiting to see if Andrew planned this whole thing out. He's not responding. I mean if this quarntine will end and once I can actually leave the house and she ask me out I'll say yes because her personality is pretty good by walking with the loser nerd athlete of the class.