In a space with no time there is no motion and when there is motion there is time. In order for, let’s say a square, to be in 2 places at once it must be there at different times. Let’s say the square, let’s call him George, travels across his 2d plane. Each position he was in (which there where infinity many of Btw) can be represented as a point and those point can be lined up in order to create a line, a time line. This is all pretty basic for us humans but just like how space can be of a higher order than a single line (like a plane, a 3D space, or a 4d hyperspace) time can as well. First let’s make something clear, George and us humans don’t travel in time, instead we exist in a given part of time but we don’t move through it. It’s like how a line segment exists in many point of a line but that doesn’t mean it moves across it, it is simply already in all those parts of the time line. In that same way you don’t move to the future, your future self is already there. If this isn’t the case then that means your past sed would have left the past and you wouldn’t not exist in the future and how could you not have existed in the past or suddenly stop existing in the future. That would make you like a point in the line when you are actually a line segment. In addition being able to move through space doesn’t simply mean existing in multiple parts of it it requires the ability to move a part of yourself that’s in one place in space into another like how you can move your head vertically, horizontally, and back/forth. However you can’t move your past self to the present or your future self to the past even though they are still you. You are stuck with those parts of you stuck in those places in time like how a table is stuck with each leg in a given space, it stays static without outside interference. Ok now that thats out of the way let’s say a hypothetical triangle named bob CAN time truly time travel and is able to move his self into different places on the time line. Now imagine back to when George the square was moving across the plane, what would happen if bob time travel in front of George to stop his movement. This would alter how the events played out and would change the time line. Now imagine the next day he travels back in time again to watch himself stop George and to congratulate himself on the achievement. That would change the timeline again. Let’s say he kept traveling back, doing different stuff: taking pictures, eating popcorn, doing a conga line with himself, etc. each time he traveled back it would change the timeline. Well guess what? You know how we make a time line by plotting how a space changes over time by having each instance be one point in the line, then we line those points up in order from first to last to make a timeline? Well if the timeline keeps changing how about we line those timelines up from the original time line on in order. If we did that we wouldn’t have a line anymore we would have a plane! A time plane! It would have a coordinate for each point in time on each timeline in it! While the timeline graphed time the time plane graphs time squared! Now let’s say Tomas the trapezoid is a time squared traveler and he can travel throughout the time plane. He can visit each version of the past: the original one where George completes his journey, the first time bob interrupted him, even to the version where bob traveled back so many times he did a conga line with his past selves. Now what if he travels back to the original time line (the one bob isn’t in) and decides to change things, let’s say he gives George a nifty fedora and moves forwards letting his improvements play out. Then 5 days later in that timeline he decides a sombrero would look better so he travels back to the original time line (the one with no fedora and no inference from bob) and gives himself a fedora. Then he does it again with a top hat, etc. each time he did this it would change the time line and you could graph a time plane out of each version of that version of the timeline. However That time plane would be perpendicular to the other one after all it would have to go off in the forward and back direction becuase the vertical one is already filled with the versions caused by bobs shenanigans. Speaking of those let’s say Tomas did what he did to the original time line to each of the versions bob caused. You could line up each of the planes you’d create in order of which bob timeline they’re created from. From the original downwards. By stacking these time plane you’d create something astounding, a time space! Time cubed! I’m sure you can see how this pattern could be repeated over and over again to create a time hyperspace (time to the fifth) then time to the sixth and so on.