okay I am going to tell you guys everything, so at the beginning of my 10th grade it was totally different new people, new teachers,new subjects n stuff. So I thought I will make new friends.I made some guy friends and also got close to some of the girls. There was this particular girl, let's call her 'P' ,we started texting talking more often. I used to text her everyday and idk I started liking her. She was open to me and we would text everyday. Then I thought it is the time to tell her I like her. U know I am a very shy and timid guy. I told her to come to her apartment complex. She was like okay I am coming. She wore shorts, I was surprised bc when she her friends and my friends hang out together she never wore shorts. She came I was like fully nervous, I couldn't talk much. Actually I thought I will tell her how I was feeling about her, but I blabbered some shit. She was saying me whether this is what you wanted to tell me like every time . I just talked to her like 5 mins about some shit then I said I was leaving and she said 'just tell me what you wanted to tell me'. I was like this is what I wanted to tell you, but actually NO THAT WASN'T WHAT I WANTED TO TELL HER. Then I got home and told her in text that I really like her and she said i need  some 2 days time to tell my answer, I was like okay then after 2 days she said she doesn't want to see me in that way. I was like man fml. Then I started talking to her normally and we texted like just FRIENDS. And after some time another guy liked her. He went and told her that he liked her but she rejected him. I asked her friends about what she thinks about dating they said she is against dating. I was like okay. Then I didn't talk or text her like for 2 weeks bc of exams and she was getting close to my friend let's call him 'T'. Now my exams are going on. The class which she sits to write the exam it's just adjacent to my class. She will be passing through the corridor and looking at me bc I am in the first bench and I was also looking at her. Man I don't know what to do whether I should try again or just move on. Please help me...