When I was 10 my sister had a accident she fell from the 2nd floor headfirst into a tree. She busted her head open and was loosing blood quickly. Doctors said they would do the best they can. Hour later they came back with some new news that she was gonna be fine they just needed to staple her head back and needed blood which they thankfully had ( thanks you so much blood donors) she managed to survive but with a small chance she could have a epilepsy attack  (thankfully has never had one) but she lost a lot of hair. 3 weeks after getting the Staples she went back to school but she started to get bullied for having almost no hair she had to wear a cap to feel confident to even leave the house(the teacher used to call her a dead mosquito). But I used to talk shit to her too. About a week later my parents made her change classes and I was wondering why they changed her classes and asked my sister why she  moved classes. She then told me because they were bullying her. This next part I just want to say that if I got the opportunity I would want to beat 10 year old me to death . So I started doing the shame her for her hair and she got even sadder. She was then diagnosed with depression and started to not even go to school. Well one day my aunt picked me up from school which was weird because my mom usually picked me up she said I was going to stay with her for a couple of days. Then next day my mom  came saying she caught my then 6 year old sister tried to kill herself. She said it was because no one in school liked her and I bullied her . She had to go to therapy for this and I still take full blame for this. I always cry when I think about what happened 6 years ago. My parents never even cared to ask me why I did it. Well at least my dad didn't.  I had a 3 hour talk with my mom after I got back to my house. I still take all 100 responsibility of the cause of my sister's attempted suicide there's no denying that.  Im just sad that I'm gonna have to live with this for my rest of my life . I only remember myself as the brother who drove his  sister into attempting to kill herself.  I still h8 myself for this everyday.  We eventually moved completely out of that part of town to forget everything in the past and to start from zero. We rented this house since when she did that and we re finally getting evicted from this house we don't know we're were gonna to but i on that we will leave there reason we moved it to this house stays in this house.     We're now good though me and my sister and I'm glad that I got things resolved with her she's know 13  and has grown her hair back except where she spit her head open. But I still want to kill 10 year of me if I had the chance to do so. Did t know where else to put it I just wanted to let it to I always cried about this for the pas t 6 years.