This will sound confusing, but I mean I want to hide more important details of my life from them. I don’t really know where to start with this, my immediate family is amazing, they love me, and I love them, I’m extremely close with all of my siblings. I guess it has to do with me being bisexual, and I’ve been seeing an increase of my crushes being girls (I’m a girl), but I know none of them would care if I dated a girl. I guess another important thing is that my mothers side of the family is extremely homophobic (Ex: My grandma once told my mom she shouldn’t let my older brother play with dolls because it would make him gay). I never really talk to my fathers side of the family because they left halfway across the country, so they were never really in my life in the first place. I’ve thought about this a lot, but if I ever have a partner I just can’t imagine my family being involved. In a way, it just seems too personal for them. I never really wanted to have a wedding because I hate making big deals of things, but my mother always talks about how she can’t wait till I’m married and how my dad can’t wait to walk me down the isle. I also feel a little uncomfortable whenever my brother Matt asks me I have a crush on a boy, I know I can trust him, but aside from my friends and people at school, I’m in the closet. Obviously I still want to be able to see them, I just don’t want to be as close as I suppose a traditional family would be. I guess all of this makes me feel horrible because my brother Zach was recently diagnosed with coronavirus and I just hate the thought of him dying. I’ve always had this underlying paranoia that people are judging me, and when they die, it feels so much worse. I know not everyone believes in ghosts, but I just kind of have this fear that when people die, they’re spirits just see everything and judge me. I’d hate it if my family found out I feel this way, even if they were dead. I just don’t see any logical reason for me to not want them in a more personal part of my life. It just doesn’t make sense