We recently had a big argument about moving into a new house he recently got built. I don't want to fully move in because I do not like his gf because she has suck a horrible attitude and is just mean she texted my mom 2 years back after my transplant and said God shouldn't have given her kids, and then of course he is so dense she gave a shitty half-assed excuse and still said she wasn't in the wrong???!?!?! WTF! Anyways forward to recently and my dad wasn't happy that I wasn't eager to move in and throught the day as I was moving things in the house he would mention things like "what if I got a judge and made you move in?" Or using the dog he "promised" me when I moved on saying he would choose it so I would'nt be able to choose the dog I want, a few days after that he called me to talk about the house and got made because I was too scared to tell him why I didn't want to move in, then texted me "I didn't raise you to treat people like the way you are treating me" he said more than that but that broke me and I cried really badly and he made me feel like really shitty person. My mom was helping me through it and we got to the point where my dad, uncle and grandma, were all texting me rude or decitful text, which msde me feel worthless, like I said to my mom like I didn't feel like being alive. It was really hard on me, soon enough my, brother, mom, and me called him on speaker to talk about the problem at hand, the talk quickly turned one sided and soon my mom turned speaker off to try and talk to him but then hung up. A few days later his mind seems to have cleared and he had a real conversation with my mom about all the problems. ( as in his gf, him yelling when he gets mad which scares me, and the message. Along with other things, also like I said I'll be going over soon and he has said he is making way to change but I am still worried he might just be saying that to get me chill again and soon after I do calm he'll go back to the shitty way he has been, and again I'll be too scared to say anything before it gets to much like this time. Because of my dad who, looking back at me when I was younger this has always seemingly been a problem, I am soon going to therapy (after Covid) because of my dad and not wanting to be at the house because they are so loud and they are all too toxic (by all of them I mean my dad, his gf, and his gf's 2 daughter who are both way younger than me and my brother and are super fucking annoying.) If you read all of this, thank you for atleast letting me talk about my worries.