My life is just a downhill cycle I have not been happy for so very long and I just want to feel appreciated, all I want is people to like me and for myself to have a good image. I have hated how I look for as long as I can remember and then last year which was my freshman year of highschool I decided to go for it and do something about it. I was about 10 lbs from being underweight but I still thought I looked obese, I starved myself until I was 30 lbs underweight and I had been in recovery after a hospitalization because my heart rate had been so extremely low due to malnutrition. I was very public with my anorexia because I did not want to be embarrassed about it and it just became my image at school that I was the "anorexic soccer kid". Not to mention I was cut from the soccer team freshman year and soccer is the one thing I live for. I worked out like a insane person over the summer and was about 10 lbs underweight I gained a lot of muscle weight but I still hated it. I made the team my sophomore year and I work my ass off as much as I fucking can. I would say I got better but obviously I still want to improve even more. But getting cut killed my motivation for anything and I began starving myself shortly after, I chased a girl for maybe 6 months and then she friend zoned me when I was going to ask her to homecoming. She did not want to "get in the way of our friendship" and that killed my self image even more. I wished I had never told anyone about my anorexia and I wish I kept all my feelings private because the publicity fucking hurts. This year I finally found a genuine girl and I fell in love with her. We dated for only 2 months but it was the best time of my life. She turned out to be a lesbian and we ended on good terms even though the relationship could no longer go on. It would be easier to hate her but I can't hate someone for the sexuality and I cannot hate her because she's an amazing person despite the fact that I put all of the effort into our relationship and I really opened up to her. I really loved her and towards the end of our relationship I was so stressed out I started running to hurt myself until I would throw up. Then I fractured my ankle from doing it so much and I started cutting myself to try and feel anything at all, I felt like all my emotion had been completely used up and I couldn't feel anymore, I tried to overdose on my brothers depression medication he used to take but I regretted it and threw it up. I told my friends about it and that I wanted to try killing myself again and they already knew about the cutting. One of them called the police and they came to my house and checked me and saw my cuts and shit and I almost ended up back in the hospital just for different reasons. I feel empty and I hate my friends for telling the police. I really hate being alive I want to end it still but now I am under constant surveillance by my family. My mom blames herself for how I turned out which just hurts me even more.