All I do all day is sick in my room watching netfix browsing reddit and playing games I dont do anything I'm just worthless honestly I wanna kill myself i have no reason to i just want to. I have no good friends they could probably do without me o have no one to do anything with. I dont have any people who I can talk to so I just type things out on reddit like a fucking dumbass I dont have a point to anything I do I'm too worthless to do anything good. Why would any of you people care about my shitty problems you dont know me you wont remember this post no one will. Honestly I should just slit my wrists or hang myself. If I ever find a way to get drugs or alcohol im doing it I dont care that itll fuck me up doesnt matter nothing matters. Here I am just sitting here typing my worthless problems to reddit and getting 10 stupid internet points I dont know why I should try at anything theres no point. I'm too worthless to do anything mu family probably could do without me. Yeah they may be sad for a bit but theyll get over it. They would do better without me. Now I'm just repeating the same thing over and over agian because I dont have any real problems everything is fine with my life I dont have any issues im just a dick. Everyone I meet I just insult and try to exploit I'm too much of an asshole to do anything useful sorry for wasting anyone's time eith this bullshit text I'm putting out there. I dont even know what to do theres no point. Why do we even do anything because there may be some afterlife well that's just stupid I want to belove it but theres just nothing nothing at all it all is just worthless no point no ending just nothing useful.im just rambling on about my stupid ass problems that dont really mater theres people who starve and shit and I just complain about how I dont know if my friends like me it's just stupid. I should just kill myself theres no point I have no damn point I'm just typing things out like some dumbass none of this matters I'm just nothing I dont have problems I mean I have family and some friends but still here I am to worthless to do anything good for anyone and wanting to kill myself I don't know theres nothing good nothing bad just I dont know. Why would anyone read this it's stupid It doesmt matter it's just some worthless text that means nothing and wont change anything the only reason I have killed myself yet is because o dont know if theres anything else. It's too fucking stupid to do anything the only reason I feel this way is because I'm 14 and probably am like oh I'm so depressed and want to die its just stupid I shouldnt feel this way nothing matters at 14 I'm not even a third the way through life i shouldnt feel like this it's stupid all of it is i just dont di anything good or useful and it makes me feel worthless I dont know why I'm too stupid to do anything it's just stupid all of it. I dont know if this is a rant or what doesnt matter I'm fine I'll always be fine I'm just being stupid and worthless I should even post this but oh well i did like a dumbass