Who the hell decided that being alive is good? Like when humans are alive all they do is just constantly try to be “better” but that is inconsistent between people. Everyone has a different definition of what being better is. Some might say it’s getting better at your hobbies or being a better persons even getting better at your job but, some might say it’s being a better liar or a better criminal or deciding to stay the same. Being alive and deciding to be better is not inherently a good thing to do. So what’s the point? Why bother? Even if you get better there’s still gonna be rapists and pedophilles in the world. And what’s the down side to dying if your life already sucks? If you family is burdened by the financial cost of keeping you alive then all they have to do is pay the cheapest they can for the funeral costs and boom, problem gone. I don’t have friends that are gonna miss me, or a pet. No one. And this is not the first time in my 6 years of being depressed that I’ve made a rant on reddit that ended up no where. Like I appreciate the compassion in giving me lists of “stay alive because of the things you haven’t experienced yet” but, what about the awful experiences that I’m going to have to constantly face that are bigger problems than any benefit that comes from seeing a movie or going sky diving. Also a lot of people think that they’re therapists and that me talking to them is gonna help me. Like no bitch it won’t. 2 things are gonna happen, we talk for a night and then I’m ghosted or your super shitty with your listening and make me feel even worse and less understood and I won’t have the heart to tell you that you don’t know what your doing. And I realise how much of an asshole I sound like and even though I’d like to think I’m not but idk I can’t be nice to everyone all the time  24/7 it’s tiring being the one that has to understand how other people feel and not being cared or understood in return. Also shitty punctuation because this is a rant and I formatting is cause I’m on my phone. In case I’m not alive good afternoon good evening and goodbye