So I (16 M) come from an Asian country where studying and getting into a University is the only option. And at the end of this year I have a pretty big exam coming up, one that could change my future. Currently i study about 5 and a half to 6 hours a day cause that's what my dad recommends. I do the hours no problem and play some video games with my friends for about an hour and a half. Problem is when I'm playing video games he really hates it he says I don't study enough and I'm playing the video games too much even though I put in more hours into studying. Worst part is he doesn't even believe the fact that I study because that's his only argument against me. And sometimes he gets me to stop when I'm playing with my friends and I gotta leave the homies. He tells me to play the video games after dinner in the night and focus on studies during day time. But just now  after eating dinner he told me to not play any games. He always lectures me to not play video games and study more even though thats what I do... Idk it just gets more and more annoying day by day and sometimes I feel like telling him to fuck off but I know for a fact that would make it worse. The part that makes me really sad though is when he doesn't believe that I study cause I put in alot of effort just to make him happy (and to get good grades too). While writing this my older brother came into my room to just hang out with me and he realised I was really annoyed at my dad he told me he went through the same shit with him and he just told me to forget about it cause at the end of the day there's nothing you can really do about it. The reason I'm coming to reddit and not talking about this with my parents is because they judge me for the smallest of mistakes and that has given be awful anxiety and their mostly at fault for my massive social anxiety and they blame video games when I don't speak to them. Even though the reason I don't feel like speaking to them is cause they judge me and make fun of me. At the end of the day they are great parents because they have never hit me at any given time and they are loving and im very lucky due to this. Yet these minor flaws in them has caused me to have awful anxiety and I find it hard to talk to new people because of this. Sorry if went off topic at the last part. If you read through this entire para I'm really great ful and I wanted to see if anyone else had this problem