I feel really guilty about this but I can’t deal with my parents any more. I try to not be annoyed by them but I can’t help it. I feel bad because my parents buy me things and they work hard. I’m a senior in high school right now and there is no difference between the way they treat me now and the way they treated me in middle school. They have zero trust in me (which is understandable because I have done so many stupid things) but sometimes it’s too much. I got my license but I’m not allowed to drive alone. I haven’t invited friends over to my house in a year because my family is embarrassing. I have helicopter parents that check my grades every hour or so. My grades suck and my rank is a little above average so obviously their constant nagging isn’t helping me. I know people who are at the top of their class and their parents don’t bother them this much. I’m really lazy and I don’t have that kind of drive to study all night. My parents spend a lot of money on tutoring (and then tell me I better do well because they spent money on it.) After this, I have this thought in the back of my head that I don’t know anything and my parents are gonna kill me because they spent money and I still don’t know anything. Grades aside, when it comes to my own issues like anxiety and public speaking, my mom just makes fun of me. She says “No one takes you seriously because you have such a bad posture.” Then I bring up that she keeps saying these things to me and she tells me she didn’t really mean it. At this point, my parents just say things for the sake of saying it. When I want to get a shirt (even with my OWN money) my dad just goes on about how I spend too much time on how I look and I need to study more. I literally don’t wear makeup and I wash my hair once a week. I also only wear comfortable clothes but apparently I spend too much time on trying to looking good?? Every time I ask him if I can borrow something (like a charger for instance) he goes on about how I’m going to lose it when IM SITTING RIGHT NEXT TO HIM. Anyways, I have so much more to say and I can’t wait to go to college. I’m so much closer to my friends than I am to my family. I know I’m a spoiled and ungrateful child but I can’t deal with this any more.