I’ve never used this sub before. Hello I am one of you. I’m 17 bois!!! Life is okay i suppose. guess i should start with the fact that i just got a job at a grocery store. it’s pretty cool i won’t lie. I make 12 dollars an hour and a 2 dollar an hour appreciation fee for working during these slut whore times aka covid. I’m pretty popular in the sense of I know a lot of people. A lot of people know me. My brother is a senior. I’m a junior. My sister is a sophmore. Everyone knows my family name. Everyone is familiar with us. It’s pretty nice and builds and helps my confidence a lot. I get like 500-800 views on snapchat and i have a ofer a thousand followers on insta. not like that makes me who I am but i mean it’s nice considering i have been insecure about my body my entire life. I am a male but I got the sexiest dad bod LMAO not really. I got really tall so instead of being majorly overweight like WII FIT told me I was, I grew out of my baby fat and now sit with my larger body. I dont really care about getting called fat but i still can’t take my shirt off in front of my girlfriend which is a little annoying. I am glad I got a job tho cus I walk at least a mile and a half around the store every time I work. I am trying to make this a workout routine that i’m literally getting paid for. This week I work 30 hours. It’s sad cus me and my girlfriend have been so boner solid latley. We broke up but got back together because we just absolutely have everything going for us in this relationship. Our parents love eachother and it’s like we are always hanging and we have so much in common. She is so easy to love and we never fight and we can have such fun together. I don’t want to like lose out on time for her. Her parents love me and I can spend the night at her house in her bed with the door closed. my mom is not too happy bout that but what can i say. The rule in my family is when you get a job you can make your own decisions. It’s a sick position i’m in to be quite honest. It’s almost like i’m married to this beautiful lady but i’m not. Her parents are like mine now. My mom is too busy getting married all the time to give me or my siblings attention. I want a better relationship with my mom tho. I told her whatever she needed help with financially I will help her. I just got my duplicate license! I lost my original so i ordered a new one! tomorrow i’m opening a bank account!! I’m excited to have a card with my name on it! I get paid once a week which is super nice. I dont think i’m spending too much time with my gf but at the same time I never see my friends. Even before covid, it was kinda hard. I’m like addicted to this girl. Not like in a co-depending kinda way, i’m just addicted to being in love with her and having my very own person. I like feeling wanted i guess. Both my siblings smoke pot and kinda leave me out of the mix since I don’t wanna do that. It’s whatever. Mom doesn’t punish them even tho she hates it. It’s figgity fucked but whatever. Decided to spill my mind and soul and see what people have to say about it. I’m so tired so i’ll prolly beat the goose a lil and head to bed BOIS!!!