I recently met this guy, and we were just planning to go to the formal at his school, and then a week later to the one at mine as dates. At first, we were just like beginning to get to know each other so it wouldn't be awkward. He seemed like a nice kid and we both met each other's parents. We hung out a few times and it was pretty cool. One time when we were hanging out, we first started to kiss, and then it got to the point where he was just grabbing my ass and stuff, which I kinda felt uncomfortable but I was just like whatever. After that, we went out to eat, and then we started making out again. He then hinted at having sex, and I was not really with the idea of it. He kept pressuring me and saying "Come on I know you want to do it" and grabbed my hand and put it on his dick. I was just like "No, I don't want to get pregnant, and I also don't want it to hurt either." He then started being like "Yea, but if you do it now it won't hurt as much. If you do it, later on, it'll hurt way worse so you just do it now so it won't hurt. You'll be thankful". So then I just wanted to get it over with, but then when I asked if he had a condom he was like "Nah, I don't like condoms they feel weird so I don't use them" which I felt like was very suspicious. Anyways, when I was like "I don't know if I want to do this" he still kept asking me so I went and did it. It hurt like hell, and before he put it in I was literally like about to cry cause of how scared I was and I was like kinda hyperventilating and I kept double thinking it and wasn't sure I wanted to do it. After doing it, we just hung out for like an hour more and then he drove me home. A few days later he started acting suspicious, and I thought I was overthinking but he tried getting my best friend who rejected him for obvious reasons. I told a few of my friends about what happened and they said it's not okay what he did, but you know I'll live on with it. I just feel like I wasted my first time for nothing and I felt uncomfortable and it wasn't fun.