i literally spend so much thinking about what is next after life. like in every single aspect. like i wonder from the moment we die, is it painful. i know that sounds ridiculous because of course if youre like shot before you die that must hurt, but what about when you actually just die. like do you feel it? like say you die in your sleep, at what exact moment do you know you died? will we know when we die? as in when were no longer alive, will we know that were gone from earth? do we have our bodies? or just our soul? will we be with other dead people? or just ourselves? our like angels? are angels real? (hope this offends no one, i do not mean it offensively just my thoughts) but is god real? is the devil real? is heaven and hell real? if so, where will i go? do i just stay there forever burning or in paradise?? will we see god before we go?? will god tell us why we are in whichever of the two we end up? or is purgatory real? how long do you stay? will we feel time?? at the end of the day, isn't time man made? like we made the clock right? if there was no clock would time even matter? will we remain an age, is age real? also.. man made? we made up numbers. who made us?? who made the planet, the universe? will there be animals in death, or do they go somewhere else? if heaven and hell is not real, do we reincarnate? or does everything turn black? what if we just relive our life forever and ever and never know? what if this is our hundredth chance at life and we just do not know? what if hell is like the worst people whove sinned get reincarnated into shitty lives and heaven is like the best people who never sinned get reincarnated into happy wealthy lives? do you know whats the worst part of this thought process,, i think about it too much. i know i'm not alone in this. i literally get lost into oblivion. but wow, the worst part... we will never know. i will never know, no one ever will. we can believe strongly and have faith, i truly believe religion is a beautiful thing and i respect people who follow it. but personally i just can't because in all of my thoughts i just think "i will never know." all i know is the now, that really is it. but wow, i'm so stuck thinking of death and other aspects in the future i never sulk in and enjoy the now. and i know this and still continue on my fatal flaw.