So I'm 13 and I was in a relationship with a guy who ignored my most of the time. The problem is that he used to be different. Very cool and extroverted. He was kind of a dick to me when we were friends but he confessed and I told him I had feelings for him too. the reason we broke up was that after a few months of us dating he started ignoring me, ditching me, and stopped talking to me. It was like we broke up without breaking up. he was very shy in the relationship meaning that I had to do a lot of the work but I enjoyed his company. I haven't mentioned this but we were opposites in a lot of ways but we worked things out. so the reason why I came here is because after we broke up I was pretty sad (obviously) like my whole personality changed. I became really dramatic and kind of an asshole but I got over rather quickly ( over him but not the relationship). I started noticing how I was acting towards others and started hurting myself and becoming more anxious by the day. I couldn't tell anyone and i knew it was wrong but I still did it. I dealt with it alone but after a while I told my cousin and he didn't deal with it well. He was just kinda confused, he told me not to do it anymore, gave me a hug and then walked away. He acts weird now around me and its kinda sad but I don't really care. Now, I find myslef dreading being hurt and crying all the time over the same shit. Sometimes I just throw stuff across the room for no reason. I guess I've became rather quiet now and hate talking about my feelings with others. I avoid confrontation and ive pushed a lot of my friends and family away from me. I don't want them to feel bad or be hurt( I also told my mom about being sad but not about hurting myself, I would later regret it tho because she told my dad and he lost his shit. Telling about how he had it much harder as a kid and how his family hated him. Everytime I tell him about something I like or how I feel he's always like "I didn't raise you to be like this". He's not abusive physically towards me or anyone else but he yells a lot for no reason at everyone and he hits my brother a lot). I tell myself a lot about how I didn't deserve the family and friends I have. I cant deal with my feelings and just ignore them because I don't have any problems or responsibilities to be worried about. I also have mood swings a lot and snap at my mom and grandma once in a while. I get compared a lot to the counsin I confessed to, my parents always say how he's so smart and I should be like him (he's not actually my cousin of blood but my dad and his parents are like best friends so y'know). I've had this concept for a while that I'm a disappointment and that I dont matter, I've changed just for the sake of my parents saying that their proud of me. some days I wake up and say "I can't wait to die". I'm not saying I'm gonna a kill myself or something but some days are just miserable. I've became this sort of "perfect daughter" with my parents and family, obeying them, getting good grades, and being respectful. I feel like I can't be myself around them because ill just cause more problems. like before, I do that have any problems and I have everything a kid would want, so why should I act like a brat and spoiled kid. I overthink a lot about everything every move I make and everything I say. I'll never talk about what I want or feel like and just let things happen even if I dont want them to. About 2 days ago it was 1 in the morning and I wrote a suicide note to my parents but never gave it to them. the next day I was planning to do it. I was in my room and held a knife close to my stomach. I didn't do it tho because I was such a pussy but after I relaxed I knew there was something wrong. Like messed up with. I watched the series The end of the fucking world, and to anyone who also watched it I feel like James but without alyssa. Of course I don't murder animals or put my hands in deep fryers or want to kill someone but I felt a kinda similarity or something. Iam very dramatic tho so maybe it's just that. Maybe I'm ok but just say I'm not for attention. I have a great life, great family, great friends, great fucking everything. But what is the fucking problem with me. I feel so frustrated and confused cuz I dont know what the fuck is happening all the time. I'm just looking for answers. I don't know who to talk to anymore. I don't know whats happening anymore. sometimes I have conversations with imaginery people I wish I had. sometimes I look in the mirror and I don't even know who I am. I'm really not trying to be dramatic and sorry if I come off as that but, I gotta tell this someone. Some days I just get on my bike and drive around trying to find somewhere where I can be alone but that never works. I don't know why but if anyone wants to talk to me more about this more please like talk to me ( it's ok if u dont want to but I just felt I should add that) anyways if anyone wants to help me know what the actual living g fuck is going on I would really appreciate it. :/