Another Canadian post because this situation is truly one of the greatest transgressions against the free society in the west. On May 1st prime minister of Canada Justin Trudeau announced that [600 million dollars will be spent on the government's buyback program of 1500 different types of "assault-style firearms".](https://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/trudeau-gun-control-measures-ban-1.5552131) In other words, 600 million Canadian taxpayer dollars will be spent on taking rightfully and legally owned Canadian private property. If not bought back in the two years following this change, the guns would be forcefully taken from Canadian gun owners. If a government is truly working for its citizens, why would it take property that was acquired legally following the exact rules the same government set out? Furthermore, this ban was not even passed through the Canadian house of commons. What does this mean? This means that this was passed without debate, without opposition, and without the fundamental principles of democracy that Canada was founded on. What Justin Trudeau has just done is pass a regulation on the basis that "I am the leader of this country therefore, my word is law." Where have we seen behaviour like this before? Simple, the Soviet Union, Communist China, North Korea, Nazi Germany, and so many more countries controlled by totalitarian dictatorships. This is a total slap in the face to freedom and democratic loving Canadians. In fact, [most guns used in violent crimes in Canada are smuggled from other countries and are not even registered in Canada.](https://www.cbc.ca/news/national-gun-trafficking-straw-buying-smuggling-firearms-1.5126228) This law was not passed to protect its citizens, this law was a simple power grab to put more public money into the government and to take the power out of the hands of its people. Take heed my friends as we enter a new era of globalism, socialism, totalitarianism, and marxism. Countries that once may have been considered "free" are now being controlled by power-hungry dictators only out to extend their serving terms and to fatten their pockets with taxpayer money. What could come next after this obvious power grab? Suspension of the freedom of assembly due to the dangers of COVID-19? Suspension of democratic elections due to the chance of infection from a group of gathered people? Remember, a government that serves its citizens is a government that fears its citizens. It will already be too late when people realize they have no means of fighting back against the government when their rights are encroached upon. Thus, we must do all we can now to keep our freedoms and safeguard our independence.