I have been friends with my best friend since 6th grade, but we have known each other since preschool. This year we just entered 9th grade, highschool, which is a big change. In 8th grade, him, my other friend, and I were inseparable. Then my other friend moved across the country, and we both only shared one friend with other acquaintances. He is a musician, so he went to music camp in the city everyday over the summer. While he did that, i basically did absolutely nothing. I had no one to hang out with, i just went to the gym for a little and then went home. When the summer came to an end, we went into 9th grade. We now had honors, regents, ap classes etc. My friend is extremely smart, probably top 20 in the grade, so he was taking the hardest possible classes, and we had a potential 3 classes to get into together, one of which was lunch. We ended up only being in lunch with each other every other day, and thats it. Quickly, he started becoming friends with many people. I didnt think anything of it, I also made some friends. But soon, every time we walked in the hallway, or sat down at lunch, someone would say hi to him. Even outside of school hanging out somewhere. One time a group of girls just said hi to him and ignored me like i wasnt there. It really an awful feeling to be talking to him, and then someone comes up and they have a conversation while you sit there just listening. Aside from him, i hung out with absolutely no one. Aside from him, i snap no one. Every morning i wake up to snapchats from him, and every time something happens we tell each other. But for him, it is a lot different. He snaps multiple people everyday. He hangs out with groups of people, other musicians, sophomores etc. The only thing that made me know he was still my best friend was the 💕 next to his name which means you have been best friends for 2 months or more straight on snapchat.  We had this for many months. Until a couple days ago, he lost it. I had never felt so sad. He said that we should get it back, but it just keeps disappearing. It hearts my heart to know that my best friend for 3 years, who has only hung out with me and only shared great memories with me has drifted away. I almost feel like a bad person for wanting them to not talk to other people. I feel like a sad and lonely person while my friend is popular and smart. I always knew i was not very popular and no one really talked to me, but the one thing that seemed to help with that is now going, slowly.