My first Tekken was Tekken 5 which my parents bought for me in 2009 for the PS2. I still remember that I mained Hworang because he had a great string in Tekken 5 in which you only had to mash 3 (or X). I set L1 to 1+2 and R1 to 3+4, and those controls are with me to this day. I was an okay player, I didn't have any Internet access at the time so just played offline, anything higher than medium difficulty would destroy me. If anyone remembers, the PS2 version of Tekken 5 also had ports to Tekken 1, 2 and 3. So i got a taste of them as well. After a few years when I had bought my PS3, I bought Tekken Hybrid, which was a bundle which contained Tekken Tag 1, Tag 2 Demo and Tekken Blood Vengeance movie. I played Tag 1 a lot, and started to main Jin a bit (who is now my current main). I loved his 1 and 2 Mishima strings. Next one I got was Tekken 6, I was really excited to play Jin and do all his Mishima strings but the stupid 12 year old me forgot that he had different moves in Tekken 5 because he un-learned the Mishima style, and only recently I came to know that all of those Mishima moves had been given to Devil Jin. So just like Jin, I un-learned all the Mishima moves and learned all the new Kazama ones. I practiced a lot in Tekken 6 and there came a point when I could do every move in Jin's movelist (other than electrics obviously). My neighbourhood friends used to come to my place and we would all play Team Battle where everyone would pick a character and we would all go at it. Damn, those were probably the best Tekken days. Anyway, after several months, Tekken Tag 2 had finally come out and I was really hyped cause I loved Tag 1 and also the demo for Tag 2. And no matter how much flack I or TTT2 gets, I'll say this once and for all, it's my favourite game of all time. I literally played the shit out of that game. I literally went above and beyond to do everything the game's offline modes had to offer. I achieved platinum trophy on PS3. I reached True Tekken God with multiple characters multiple times playing against Ultra Hard. After this I genuinely thought that I was the best player in the world, and I would wipe the with anyone who would challenge me. And I would do that, but only against people who never played Tekken and are just mashing buttons. And finally, in 2017 Tekken 7 was released on PC and I got my hands on it. This tike around I had access to the Internet, so for once I went online to see what that's all about. And HOLY FUCKING SHIT MY WHOLE LIFE WAS A LIE. People who bought T7 just for fun a few weeks ago would literally demolish me who has been playing this since 2009, and I could do nothing about that since I never played online so I never had exposure to the real Tekken, even though I played the shit out of it. That was a hit I wasn't ready to take, but I did. And I felt as though I have wasted so many hours doing nothing. So I left the game. But now, 3 years later I wanted to get back in it and this time properly learn the game. Terms like Frames, Dashing, Punishment are so crucial to Tekken yet I never heard of them because I never went online. I'm a Jin main, other characters i like to play are Kazuya, Steve and Lars. I'm currently stuck at Initiate but I practice and am the grind everyday to become what I thought I was but this time for real, The best Tekken player in the world!