To go from being the biggest thing in television to complete obscurity in a really short amount of time is some kind of miracle. I spent years ignoring people who told me “you have to watch Game Of Thrones” and I would reply “ I’ll watch it when it’s finished, then I can binge it.”  Well a few months ago I saw it ended and thought “what the heck let’s watch what everyone has been talking about.” I was mind blown. The first four seasons really are some of the best tv you can watch, it became my favorite story. Then I started seeing articles about the shows drop in quality and got extremely disappointed that my new favorite thing wouldn’t be so great in a few seasons. Still nothing prepared me for just how bad it got by the end. Just as quick as I came to love the show I came to hate it. It was a weird mix of emotions, the same show that gave me some of my most loved moments on tv also gave me some of the worst by the end. I turned to the internet for peace and discussion and was shocked. There’s a few video essays and reviews from when the ending came out but no one is making Game Of Thrones content anymore. Like literally you can search by upload date even and there’s almost no videos where people are still discussing the show. Things like Star Wars or Lord of the Rings still to this day have discussions and content coming out weekly. It’s just shocking to see a franchise of this size die so fast. I’m stuck with this really weird love hate for the franchise because I would argue the first four seasons are as good as any show that’s been made, but after that it goes from “well it’s still not bad tv compared to the majority of shows” and by the end “wow this is actually just bad”. People moved on incredibly fast and it seems as if the show is already a forgotten thing of the past. So it’s like how do you recommend a show like that? Do you think the ride is more important than the destination when it comes to some shows? Do you think it’s worth watching Game Of Thrones for those great moments knowing there won’t be much pay off at the end and that the show will drop in quality? Versus a show like Breaking Bad where it ends brilliantly, it’s hard to argue that Game Of Thrones is a better use of your time. But if you’ve already seen shows like Breaking Bad that end amazingly, there’s still alot of great television to be watched that doesnt end quite on that level. Would you watch Dexter or The Walking Dead just for the first season and walk away? Or stick around and watch the drop off even though now its just bad or average tv?  Or just avoid the shows completely but never getting to see the good moments? I often hear people say they don’t wanna invest a certain amount of hrs into something if it doesn’t end well but what if those hrs you invest leading up were what made the show great and worth while. What’s your opinion?