My sister and I moved in to our first apartment together on April 17th of this year. Since then, I have seen TONs of bugs. Several large cockroaches, spiders, moths, mosquito eaters, and beetles. I even saw a random inchworm in my room once. 2 days in a row I've seen 2 large flying cockroaches that scared the shit out of me (I don't live in Florida where Palmetto bugs are present and have never seen a flying roach in my life before this.) And tonight I found a small spider in my bed. When i first moved in, i found places that had roach feces on them and when i saw the first big roach at our apartment, I told the landlord right away and pest control came and fogged the place a few days later. (There has also been one routine monthly pest control visit after that) I know it's normal for people to find a spider or a roach on rare occasion, especially if they live in an apartment, but we've only lived here for 2 months and I find and kill bugs on a regular basis. I'm going to send another email to my landlord tonight, but I really feel like there just isn't anything that can  be done, considering I see different, random bugs all the time. I should add that I've done a lot on my own to remedy the problem- we have Window AC units that I've covered with mesh screen to keep bugs from getting through, plus I caulked up the small holes I've found. I keep a can of raid and I use it to spray around the windows and doors because it's supposed to serve as a "bug barrier." I should add that our apartment building is really old which seems to be part of the problem. Oh and we take our trash out regularly/don't leave messes/don't leave dirty dishes in the sink because we know it would make our bug problem worse. When pest control came to fog, they said that large cockroaches often come through windows/doors and don't indicate an infestation and that' it's the small ones you have to watch out for. I haven't seen any small ones but honestly I'm sick and tired of seeing bugs here all the time (I'm SUPER terrified of bugs. Especially cockroaches.) I'm wondering since it doesn't sound like I have an infestation, just a hole somewhere that I dont know about and apparently can't find, is there anything I can do to get out of the lease? I know some people think it's stupid to be terrified of bugs but I'm genuinely terrified and I've gotten to the point where when i get home from work i have to search my whole room go check and see if there's a bug somewhere before i feel like i can relax and I constantly feel anxious about when I'll see the next roach/spider.