I was homeless. I lost my husband 2 years ago and my children and I have went through alot of changes. I got a job and started renting a room from a man that a friend of mine knew (she was living there as well). He was an older man, kinda nosy but it was ok. I paid him $200 a month to live there. I found out a month later he was on housing or Section 8 or something like that. I knew I would not be there long  in the first place, after learning that I really knew I would not. He was not very clean and did not like for me to clean up. He also would kind of  sulk when I did not converse with him alot. I admit I stayed in my room to myself. My children were stayed at my sister's during the week for school.  They came on the weekends, which I of course cleared with him.  I noticed when I stayed gone from the house he would kind of have an attitude. Which really made me stay in my room more. One weekend I was there with my children and he came back from the store. My son greeted him politely as they have been taught. He ignored my son and instead asked me with an attitude "Why was the door unlocked?" It upset me and my son. I told him that I had just took the trash out. Later on he tried to say hi to my son and I responded that "We had already tried to greet him, and he had ignored my son." My son was upset with the tone he used towards me. He did apologise to my son later, but the fact that he would do that in front of my children let me know I could not have my children there again. I had been gone all day the day before, and he he passive aggressively took it out on my son. After that I stayed in my room and left on the weekends to be with my kids and did not ever say a word to him. A week later he said he was moving to Arkansas , and I had to be out by the end of May. I thanked him for telling me ahead of time. That next weekend in April when I came back from visiting my kids he came out to the car and said that he would give me money for the rest of the month it was it was like 12 days before the end of the month. So I said ok, I was leaving anyway. I said if he gave it to me right then I would just leave. He said he didn't have it then asked for his key. I said he can have the key when I get the money. He then got mad and said "Oh you don't trust me!" My children were in the car so I said "Im not going to argue in front of children" he responded "Oh yeah you can't ever talk to me".  He then walked in the house. Since he did not give me my money. I followed to go in. He locked the door and said I could not get my stuff and I could not stay until the end of the month. I could have called the police and made him let me in. I had clothes in there but my important things were me. Instead I left. I didn't want to upset my children or expose them to any more. I have not said anything else to him at all. That was last month. At THIS point what can I do legally.... please don't tell me what I should have done that day.