Hello I am addicted to sissy captions and sissy porn I dont know what to do I have been trying to quit many times saying to myself that if not I will go and let a guy fuck me (I never do it because its something im scared because of the sexually transmitted diseases and to experience pleasure to the point of no return) but I always fail. The most I last without seeing sissy porn its 5 days. I tried to do it for the girl I like, for my health and a lot of things more but I couldnt. And im suffering because I have and internal debate in my head. My sissy part with my heterosexual one. I started putting on my sisters pantyhose wwhen I was 5 years old but only that. when I was around 12 I tried some heels and skirts and dresses and it felt really good but I didnt want to wear panties because I thought it was too much. some time later I tried panties and bras and that was how I secretly started dressing fully as a girl I somes put on some lipstick. One day I think of creating an account to see heels and women dress with pretty dresses and tights and pantyhose. I used that account for around a year. One day I dont know how I found a sissy caption I like it and I searched for more and more. So I created another account only to see sissy captions. at the beggining if I saw captions that involves sucking a dick or being fucked I reported and stop following that account but with time I didnt notice when I started liking it. And little by little I started wanting to see sissy captions that involves sucking dick and fucking guys. I created another account where I started posting sissy captions that I like normally sex ones I got my account deleted by instagram of course. I created more and more but instagram deleted them or I deleted them by trying to stop seeing it but the urges always came back. I created a twitter and tublr to see sissy pornography captions but I deleted them 6 days ago. Yesterday I couldnt control my urges and I saw again some sissy captions. please help me I dont want this life for me. Nobody knows this I keep it to myself for 12 years of my life. im 17 now and im going to be 18 in one month. Im scared I dont want to be become a sissy slut. And I think I am not to far from that. I had created some time ago a grindr account in order to receive dick pics and I alse think of going to see one to have sex. I need help