My name is James…James Fernaggen, I’m 18 and live in a town that was called Dog Hollows. It was called that for a reason. You see, the town was originally and now is named Summer field, because of the beautiful green fields we have during the Summer. But then came a man named Thomas Crowlin came to our town, he told the leaders of the town that he was a man of many talents and tricks, said he wanted to build a railroad through the town. The leaders denied him access to building it and he got angry…very angry. Before he stormed out of town he cursed it. He proclaimed that whenever the moon is full, the dogs of the town will transform into hideous beasts that will kill us all. Then he stormed out of town, never to be seen nor heard from again. People just laughed and shrugged it off. Until two nights later, when there was a full moon, my great grandparents, who we’re 28 at the time, heard screaming and howling outside. My great grandpa grabbed the family gun and loaded it. He fought in WWI and was very prepared, but no one was prepared for what happened that night. He, my great grandma and grandpa then went upstairs and barricaded the upstairs door and windows. While my grandpa, who was 8 at the time, hid under the bed, my great grandparents looked out the window to see large hideous beasts covered in fur killing people, howling at the full moon and some were even…mating. He gathered his family and they all hid in the closet until sunrise. When they came out of the house the next morning, he saw dead bodies on the streets with a large group of dogs in close proximity. He and the leaders of the town, who somehow survived, thought of the exact same thing “Crowlin…” . His curse was real and it worked. The survivors did the unthinkable that afternoon…they gathered all the dogs that we’re in the town, I think 13 to 15 dogs, and opened fire on them, killing them all. The leaders then tried their best to prevent future massacres and erasing all memory of that night. They changed the name of the town from Summer field to Dog Hollows, banned people from bringing or owning dogs and told everyone to forget what has happened that night. My great grandfather asked what would happen if future generations ask for why they can’t own dogs? They responded by saying to tell them the entire story and say it’s an urban legend. That is where our story ends, bringing you to me who has just got a dog from out of town, but under one condition. I was to keep him in a large cage at night, I was to comply or else Badger, my husky, would be put down. I thought that this curse was complete and utter BS, but oh boy, was I wrong. One day while my parents we’re out of town for the weekend, my friends and I we’re playing truth or dare, I was dared to put Badger in a cage and leave him outside when the moon was full. I accepted, one of my friends, John, had a gun and another friend, Tom, had a knife. It was OK for us to have weapons, since the NOW leaders allow people who are 18 years or older to carry weapons with them because of this so-called curse and never leave children under 18 unsupervised. We we’re waiting for the clouds to clear so the full moon would hit badger, once I did nothing happened. I was about to say “I knew this curse was-“, just as soon I was about to say fake. Badger started to act crazy and his body started changing, we were all horrified by this and scared to the point where we couldn’t move. Badger grew longer, taller and more muscular. His paws turned into claws and his mouth had razor sharp teeth. I knew that If I left Badger in that cage like that all night, he would escape and people will be killed, I quickly rushed and got my dad’s riffle and tranquilizers. I quickly loaded and fired at Badger, he passed out and I we all got inside and locked the door. We must have fallen asleep somehow, because when we woke up in the morning, Badger was back to normal and sleeping peacefully in the cage. We all then sat down and decided to talk about what happened. We chatted about what we saw for about 30 minutes when Tamara said “My Aunt knows Voodoo and Witchcraft but only uses it to help others. The towns leaders even know of what she does”. I then got up and I told her “How about we go talk to your Aunt, see if she knows how to lift this curse on our town”. She agreed and then we got up and went to Tamara’s Aunts place, we told her about the curse and what we saw and she said “So that curse Thomas Crowlin put on our town is true?” she said. We answered yes, I even told her I saw my usually quiet and nice dog, act and transform like a monster from a horror film. “Maybe I can find something that removes the curse, but It will take a while, about a couple of hours” she said. We said that was alright and she gave us an order to go and tell the leaders of the town that she might be able to find a way to remove the curse. We did what do and they said they’ll allow it and even come to see for themselves. Tamara’s Aunt told us she found the right spell that will remove the curse, we we’re all thrilled, especially me, knowing that my dog can live here and won’t suffer. We all gathered in my backyard, Tamara and her Aunt, Me, my friends and my parents & the leaders of the town. Badger was out of his cage and it was sunset. Tamara’s Aunt then said the spell that would counter the curse. We waited there, tranquilizers and rifles in hand. The full moon then appeared in the sky, one of my friends made sure to get a look at the moon to make sure it was full, it was. We we’re ready for Badger to start changing if the spell didn’t work. We waited for a couple of minutes but nothing happened. I whistled for Badger and he came up to me, happy as can be. We we’re all thrilled and relieved to see that the spell Thomas Crowlin put on the town…was now broken. The towns leaders did several things after this. They gave Tamara’s Aunt a medal for bravery, the name of the town was changed back to Summer field & they allowed for dogs to be kept as pets again. Right after that, people flooded Animal shelters of nearby towns and started adopting dogs. Everything is amazing here in Summer Field, I just got promoted and almost everyone in town now owns a dog.