So we all know this game is broken yet we still enjoy it so I won't go into a long tangent. However, I have noticed that guns are becoming second best to skills in a looter SHOOTER game thats foundation was built around the gun play and cover system. The gun play in this game is gonna "die" when they gut Fox's Prayer and the Contractor gloves and the Focused exploit with the shield. Because for everyone who plays this game with guns, As iT WaS InTeNdEd, and skills take the main stage as the best way to deal DPS and not die. As you can literally setup sniper or artillery turrets and a restorer hive or Seekers it's QUICKLY becoming clear that skills are being setup to become the meta for BOTH PVE and PVP. I don't think I'm going too far on a limb to say for a MAJORITY of the non hardcore that skills will become the ONLY viable way to play this game. And this is exactly what Anthem did with their whole damage system. The skills took main stage and guns took a back seat, but here's the main difference. Anthem as it's set in a futuristic mini Jaeger suits of doom, it makes more sense that explosives and "skills" are the go to for violent destruction of a variety of alien life forms. That being said, the Division is set in TC's universe where high tier operators and a good rifle (pistol in Sam Fisher's case) has always been the best counter to ANY and ALL threats. It's a game with an ABSOLUTE base anchored in reality. This isn't a futuristic shooter, the reason a vast majority of my friends play this game, is that it is based in reality and is not this alien jumping Mario stomp the giant beast over there shooter. It's a Clancy game, and moving away from gunplay as the biggest and most effective way of combat will be what kills the game. Bans and roll backs the community can rally back from, incompetent development teams we've learned to live with, but when the gun becomes essentially useless in a SHOOTER is what kills games. Just my opinion, I'm making generalizations of what I perceive to be true, if I'm way off base then I get that.