I grew up in a non-denominational church (a mega church called Springs in Canada). So starting from as young as I can remember I grew up learning about God and being told that this is how I should live my life no questions asked. In all honesty I was very happy with my life the way it was, knowing for certain what I could and couldn’t do. I don’t know what age I started questioning everything( I’m thinking early teens) but I do remember my parents always having answers to my questions in the form of bible verses. Which only ever told me that I had to follow the “rules” set in some thick small print hard cover book that I could never throw out. I remember becoming friends with a girl from youth, we would always sneak away together and chill in the back of the amphitheatre where it was dark and no one could find us. At first it was just us talking, but I remember at one point we started to talk about exploring each other’s bodies just to see what it was like, and if we liked it or not. Unfortunately my parents found out and stopped us from seeing each other, telling me she wasn’t a good person to hang around and that she was exposing me to bad stuff. I knew that my parents would frown greatly on what I was doing but I honestly didn’t care I felt I was old enough to explore even though it was against my religion. This was a turning point in my life I started googling things to understand them more, reading porn, and then watching it. I read my mother’s nursing books that explained anatomy of male and female and how things worked together. My parents found out about the porn and took me to church one day and had a literal group of people pray over me, which was embarrassing, and demoralizing. This was also when I started losing faith wondering why everything was wrong all I wanted to do was ask questions and get answers. I also lost trust in my parents who were pushing faith down my throat telling me to read the bible more and pray more I hid a lot of things from them, lying to them, even ended up buying my own dildo which my mom made me throw out because it was a sin.. When I was 21 I got married to my boyfriend of 5 years, yes we meet in church. We both genuinely thought that he was the head of the household and therefore always had the last say this was in accordance with the bible. A year and a half into our marriage we got a divorce, I had a restraining order against him because of all the things he had done to me, physically, mentally and emotionally. My case was one of the worst ones that my therapist had ever seen in my province. The only reason my family was ok with me getting a divorce was because he physically abused me. If it had been because we just didn’t click or he was emotionally controlling then I would have been told by the church and my family to go to marriage counselling. I could never understand how god told us to be equally yoked and yet the church basically disowns anyone who gets a divorce because it’s wrong!! During the separation and divorce I moved back in with my parents. At this point I wondered where god had gone, why he had let all these bad things happen to me in my life. If he was a good god why didn’t he stop anything. Everything that happened with my ex-husband made me question Christianity and why they teach what they do and tell us to believe what they say. I had never felt right being a “Christian” but because I grew up as a people pleaser I just followed blindly never really questioning because I didn’t want to rock the boat , or make anyone mad at me for fear they would stop being my friends. I ended up going the opposite of the spectrum and doing everything that was viewed as wrong in the Christian faith. Sleeping around, staying out late, and even though I was 23 because I was living with my parents they expected me home at a certain time. I couldn’t stay out anywhere without letting them know, it couldn’t be with a guy because it was ungodly. It was like I was a teenager all over again. At some point I decided to download an app on my phone that allowed me to connect with kinky people and I found a married couple that I decided to explore with. This was a great eye opener they were Pagan and I enjoyed not only the sexual aspect but the intellectual aspect of my relationship with them. My eyes really started opening after I meet them, I began to see the world and explore it and question things. Learning for myself about myself. Throughout this journey of life I had always just said to my parents that yes I believed in god I just hadn’t found the right church to go back in, the one that I felt at home in. then in late 2015 I met my now boyfriend, we have been together for almost 5 years. He has stood alongside me supporting me while I go thru this journey of making a new life for myself listened to me while I question what I believed and has helped me rewire parts of my brain so that some of those “Christian” beliefs aren’t there anymore. It wasn’t until I meet him that I had the courage to say out loud that I had de-converted from Christianity many years ago. He gave me the support I needed to have courage to tell my family that I’m not a Christian and that I will never believe in god or jesus the way that they do. Unfortunately my family still thinks that I believe in god somehow and that one day I will come back. I know they will keep praying this regardless of what I say or do. I’ve shed many tears thinking about how close minded they are. The box they call their world won’t even let in any thoughts of the possibility that people of different faiths and religions are ok. To this day I am still working at rewiring my brain to be ok with not relying on a “higher” power that will make everything ok if I just ask it to. I know that I’m the only one who has power over my life, my destiny. And if I choose to start believing in something else that’s ok. Because there is nothing that’s right or wrong in this world to believe in. it’s how we use that belief be it for good or bad.