So after seeing the leaks and playing the first game again I have finally made my thoughts about all of this. I will resume it. After I saw the leaks I was mad and the only thing that made sense to me was to play the first game. After I finished the beautiful masterpiece that is the first game I then immediately saw everything that WAS CONFIRMED with the cutscenes. The half a game as Abby and her being trans I took it as speculation because there is no factual evidence (even tho because the game plot looks bad already I wouldn't be surprised). And so here is why I think. First, of wtf did they do to Joel in this game. Now listen I like the idea on paper of Joel's death being brutal, dark, and unexpected. However when it's done just for this revenge plot to happen and done poorly it just sucks to say but Joel is a plot device. Now I don't know how early this will be because the written leak says it happens in Jackson but we see footage of him in Seattle. Does that matter? No. He is still a plot device and no matter how much build-up they do about it it's still just a plot device. Did I want a cliche sacrifice? No. Him getting bitten? No. I just wanted his death to make sense and to feel more natural than the stuff we got. I think the whole plot is done poorly and even if they manage to pull off some good excuses on why tf they chose to do this it has already made damage. BIG DAMAGE. Now until the other stuff, I saw I think the start of the game looks fine. It's a set up so I didn't expect it to be trash. The thing is that there are beautiful scenes like Joel teaching the guitar to Ellie but when all that set up goes to a cliche revenge story I don't think we will care about those parts. I don't care about the lesbian shit or whatever if it doesn't feel forced and let me tell you this is more forced than ever. I think this game never needed a sequel and if it did it should have been a totally different plot. Concentrate on Joel and Ellie. We saw them grow their relationship. now show the problems with it. Make this a story about the two. I would want to make a good plot out of that but I just can't because this franchise just can't have sequels. You can tell they had everything planned in the setup but everything goes to the trash the moment Abby comes in. I ain't saying she is gonna be a bad character but that she will just feel out of place. I will just go play the multiplayer smh.