This is actually something I want a serious answer to. Gonna preface this with saying that I haven't actually played the first game, and only know bits and pieces of it from when my sister played the game. Anyways, I've seen a lot of talk about this and a lot of people completely deriding the game already and saying they aren't going to even consider buying it after the leaks. I remember it started out with people being upset about one of the character designs, saying she just looked like a boy, and people were upset about that, claiming it was "the SJWs RUINING the game". Pretty standard run of the mill overreaction, didn't think much of it, especially since the hate on this wasn't to the extent it is now. I became a little more interested in this after the leaks came out and talk about this game was everywhere, with people en masse declaring they refuse to buy the game. So to my understanding basically the leaks showed that the game opens with the player playing as this buff chick who goes and kills off the two main characters from the first game. So I kind of see the criticism here as this was not what the average player expected or really wanted out of the remake, as most people I've heard talk about this game were very attached to those characters. That criticism I understand, but where does the whole "SJW" criticism come in? What exactly is the issue with it compared to other games? I've heard people say that it's too highly politicized or something but I don't really see how it's politicized, especially compared to many other very well received games that incorporate plenty of political issues as plot points within them, or have political commentary all over them. What makes this game any more politicized than other games to the point where people are refusing to buy it? Is that why, or is it more the issue with the characters you all loved and wanted to see in the sequel being gone? Is them taking the game in a different direction than expected what caused you to not want anything to do with the game? Just wanna hear firsthand what the issues important to people are with this game.