So I've been thinking about the leaks for the past couple of hours now, and two things stand out: First, leaks were leaked to hurt the game (it will still be shit, not supporting it), and second: we've been ignoring so much material that we already have about the game and focusing too much on the leaks themselves. Why do I say this? We've been ignoring the very first glimpse we had into the game: the first trailer released 3 years ago. In that trailer, we see Ellie's right hand shaking, having trouble keeping steady. We see a heavily bruised and beat up Ellie. We see Ellie with a visible wound on her neck. We see Ellie with a very obvious scar on the left side of her forehead. And we "see" Joel, but never actually see his face. Why does this matter? I believe that the cuts, bruises and the scar are either the results of the big fight with Abby which we've all seen (Abby repeatedly beats up the upper half of Ellie's face which can explain the scar and also tries to choke her which can explain the neck wound, and we also see Abby breaking Ellie's hand right before she beats up her face), or atleast aftermaths of Ellie hunting down Abby and facing dangers which caused her to get wounded like that. "But losblancos28, even you mentioned that Joel was in that. We all know he dies early in the game", and to that I say, fair enough. HOWEVER, as I was looking at the details of the endgame plot leaks on resetera(your choice if you want to believe it or not), it is mentioned that Ellie reveals that she has developed PTSD and has been seeing hallucinations which she cannot always separate from reality, hence why she "sees" Joel in the very first trailer. Combine this and the fact the leaks were put out there to stir up hate for the game, potentially leaving out any "good" cutscenes, I think this is a very believable scenario which could actually happen in the game. I think the cabin scene from the first trailer is real and takes place after Abby almost kills Ellie, where the player now gets to hunt down Abby as Ellie. And the plus side, this can mean that we get to see plenty of Joel's spirit after his death through the eyes of Ellie, even if they're only hallucinations. What do I think about it? I think if done right, this could actually be decent and somewhat satisfying. Creating this character. Forcing the player to play as her, killing off one of the protagonists and beating up the other one to near death, is a perfect strategy to make us fucking despise Abby (which we already do). This means that we get a villain which we absolutely hate, and on top of that, we get to hunt down that piece of shit as Ellie and destroy everything and everyone she loves. If done right, atleast a third of the game could be an absolute joyride as we get to fuck up abby in various ways. What do I think will happen? I think I stand by my word about everything, with the trailer cabin scene and all, I think we get to hunt down Abby, but I don't think we'll kill her (can't kill buff woman lol but old men, surgeons, and non buff women are okay). I think Abby will either die unrelated to Ellie's actions or Ellie just gives up and goes back home, and I strongly hope that the game doesn't just end after Abby beats up Ellie. Thoughts? Comments? Complaints? Flaws? All are welcome