For the first time in a long time, I looked up the easiest and most painless way to commit suicide. I don’t think I’ll ever intend on doing such a thing, but it’s just a thought that crosses my mind. I’m 19 years old, living in Germany with my parents and my younger brother. Myself and the rest of my family are all American, so we really can go back to the states whenever necessary. The problem is, I’ve wanted to leave this place for a very long time now. I’m pretty open about my sexuality, but being a gay American and in Germany doesn’t really opt for the most opportunity when it comes to romance. I’ve never been with anyone before, and the only lips I’ve ever shared with anyone were a friend on a late night out. It’s the loneliness that gets to me probably the most. I feel like I’d be so much better off in the states where there are communities everywhere of gay people, where I live in particular, that’s pretty much non existent. My younger brother, who probably isn’t a virgin anymore, will be moving back to the states sometime this year to start college. I absolutely envy him, because in my eyes, he gets to start his life before I do. He’ll get everything I’ve ever wanted, and I’ll be stuck with my parents for another year until I can move. My brother worked for a whole year in the food service industry, so he has enough money saved to help him get back to the states, but my parents are also helping him with that. He also just got his stimulus check, which will help him even more. Now he doesn’t work anymore, and I do, as I have been for about the last year with this retail store. I’ve dwindled around 2,600 for the last few months, and still haven’t received my stimulus check. My whole issue is that if I’m not going to college, which even if I was I couldn’t afford it (my brother decided to go first so now my parents really couldn’t help me financially with that) I’d have to rent an apartment, and buy a plane ticket back to the states, which would all take about another year to get money for. I hate being stuck here in Germany, and I hate that every fucking person in my life is going back to the states and starting their own lives. I’ve been here for 15 years, still with no experience whatsoever in romance, and I couldn’t be more desperate just to fucking leave. My life isn’t gonna change for at least another god damn year, and at this point I’m starting to think: what the fuck is it even worth?