Hi, I think it is safe to say that in all my pysch classes I have realized that one theory or act reflects me very well. I recently have been feeling like im in a dump of sorts. I need to get it off my chest and see what regular or therapists could see that I do not and what are ways people can correct or if not, the indications of certain set issues. For me I had never been long lasting with relationships after the intimacy is apathy in a sense of me caring but not caring. Ended many good relationships like that chasing something more or getting more and being complacent without wanting to be. This time I sincerely blew it, I was talking to a friend, who I have liked almost off the bat when we originally met, literally everything a guy could want but I  digress; I took a gamble of our friendship on a relationship in the possible future. Fast forward a few days maybe a week or 2 and I slip up. Someone I had relations before Had stayed the night there and so did I , and the girl I was talking to ( we will denote her As E and the prior one as P), had interchanged a moment of lustfulness, no sex but you get the gist, bad as is. My conscience is guilty and was later confronted and everything said, felt as though I did not say what I felt, an emotional disconnect. I get a second chance, Repetition of inconsistency and then the intent to do better and everything was going well. March 1st, same thing again, this time it was a drive force of instinct, as if it was me and pushed myself on P and this time she was not on the same page and I kept trying and trying and trying and eventually went to sleep. That was me and yet, I could not recognize as those actions being me. in this whole situation I lost a friend, lost the chance to do good and currently feel as if my friends only check on me to see if I am okay and not check up on me for being my friends. Those who would like me to better watch me battle these issues solo and leave this support system with no support or system. I am lost and sometimes feel like it is not worth the pain anymore to be optimistic and I have a scheduled meeting with a Therapist and honestly, so happy for it and also not happy for it as it was scheduled two weeks in advance, why does help take so long? I do not know. I digress, thank you for reading and looking forward to your comments good and bad.