So my therapist didn’t die from COVID-19, she just called the wrong person with my first name in her phone to leave a voicemail, turns out also she rescheduled me wrong because of my tonsil infection and being unable to talk and stuff got mixed up and what not. Fine forgivable in my opinion because it’s not like I showed up to the office, I’ve been at home doing jack shit and nothing had really happened. I had to do a lot of journaling to finally figure out what to talk about during the phone appointment. I’m not mad about missing a phone appointment I was just kinda upset she didn’t respond back right away when she could see I was messaging her and thought she died. Fast forward to last weeks phone appointment that I didn’t know was happening because of her weird scheduling mistake. She kept talking about corona virus nonstop. Like personally I am sick of this shit and want businesses to open back up and people to start working again. This is killing our economy and creating a bigger pandemic of more mental health problems. So realistically I’m annoyed by the talk about it in MY therapy time. Like okay I thought you just died from it and we established it was a mistake but like let’s move on I took fucking notes to talk about. And when I mentioned not hearing from prosecutors for a few months now (I heard from them the next morning but she doesn’t know that yet) she kept going on about how they aren’t focused on it and it’s non essential and we might not hear from them for months. Even though now I found out within the next month or so my rapist/abuser is getting an article 32 hearing so now me finally using using my own dbt RA skill I learned before her is like thrown out the door because now I have to radically accept that things are happening again rather than things won’t be happening for a while. But she still kept going on and on about the corona virus. I’m in a situation where it’s only effecting my mental health, now my weight because I gained enough weight to be medically obese (bmi and please don’t comment about this it’s rude to disagree with bmi when I’m clearly in pain from my weight) from sitting on my ass all day and night and eating from boredom. Other than that yeah the corona would make me sick and it would be a wild ride from a weak immune system (I’ve been sick a lot this year) but I’ll live. It wont kill me. I don’t want to talk about it I have so much other things I want to talk about and work on. I don’t know how to tell her to just shut the fuck up about the corona virus. I don’t know if I’m angry with her, the fact that my therapy is being ruined right now, or what but I want to get better and there’s too many things getting in the way and corona virus is one of them! I don’t want it to be the topic of my therapy that I’m forced to do on the phone with her because of it. I’m just annoyed.