(18 M) (This might be long I apologize) I've never been to therapy. I've told my mom about my issues. I've seen some really unpleasant things starting around 15 when my parents relationship started going to hell. My dad descended into alcoholism and my mom hid a birthday card under her mattress from another guy that had shit like "Happy Birthday XOXO." I feel somewhat enraged at both of them for exposing me to their situation. The worst was when my dad downed an entire bottle of anxiety meds and punched a hole in a wall after screaming at my mom. Those events gave me anxiety which can be terrible at times. After they divorced my mom became friends with the same guy who gave her the birthday card. Eventually he became too clingy and she distanced herself. He stalked her for a good while. He drove past our house one night like seven times, probably more. My mom warmed up to him again behind my back. She let him back in the house one time and I hated them both. I wanted to slam his head into the table, but I acted like I forgot about his stalking. I buried that feeling because I for some reason couldn't tell my mom that I wanted him gone. He stalked her again. She got a personal protection order (PPO). She's now trying to get him for pushing his limits after he "coincidentally" shows up near her in public places. He's had two wives in the past and has hit one of them before. He's manipulating another woman as cover currently. I feel an unholy amount of hatred at the guy. I've had dreams about him, one of them involving me kicking the shit out of him. I wish he could die or kill himself so he's not on my mind anymore. I have a low amount of anxiety at least everyday, but some things increase it, like when I give a presentation or when I visit my dad. I also feel slightly jealous of my sister for going off to college, being successful, and getting married as I was, and sometims still am, in that nightmare. I'm still proud of her for doing good though. My anger is most prevalent. Nearly anything my mom does annoys me, especially when she chews loudly. I feel like sometimes I could burst with rage. When I look in the mirror I see a bit of my dad because of my anger, anxiety, and the genetics of course. I can't tell anyone, my friends even, what my dad's done because of what I see in myself. They've asked what the hole in the wall was but I lied.