I have taken tests for my psychotic tendencies and all (that I allowed myself to answer truthfully) have come back saying that I show moderate to severe psychotic tendencies. I have always been academically inclined and things have always come naturally. I grew up being raised by an abusive sister who was only 7 when she started "parenting" me. My mother was a single mom who was often at work all day until late at night and my parents divorced at a young age. Though I don't remember it supposedly I was held hostage by my father while my mother got my sister, my father threatened to kill me and stuff. Anyway not that I've given a tiny piece of my past, I have been having issues accepting that I may be a psychopath. I mean that whole first half of my post was me trying to excuse my tendencies. At a young age I had an instance where I killed seven baby crows that my dad was taking care of, I was maybe five or six. Me and my sister (who once again was abusive both physically and verbally) fought a lot for as long as I could remember, I can not recall a situation where I was in the wrong. Everyone in my family has disliked me so I've always been isolated. Damn I guess this really is dragging on, there's just so much to say. Anyway, my issue is that I don't know what the hell my issue really is. I am known as a very nice person underneath my protective layers that keep people away. Anyone who has ever gotten close to me has seen that. I always control arguments and I am a master manipulator though (though I try my hardest not to use it on people I care for/my girlfriend) in my relationship with my girlfriend I hate thinking about her past relationships, I came across something about her cuddling her ex today (this instance was a few months before me, I didn't even know her when she did it) and I can't stop dwelling on it. I am a very passive person but I legitimately want to hurt this guy, I have NEVER been violent but I want to really hurt any guy who even looks at my girlfriend the wrong way. F*ck I sound like a true psycho when I write this all out but that's just how I feel. Oh and I'm sorry this is all so messy, the order of this is atrocious. I'm 16 now by the way. Aaaanyway I want help trying to figure out my issue, I really don't want to turn out to be a psychopath because that would prove everyone right who I grew up with (my  sister and grandma) I'd like to go in depth about what happened to make them abusive so these claims have a premise. My sister has held knives to my neck and from a very young age has always told me she was going to kill me in my sleep, I told a friend about this at school and they contacted CPS, my mother then manipulated me into lying to CPS about what was happening and she made me memorize what to say (my mom is a compulsive lier and is even better than me at manipulation) my grandma told me she didn't love me and that everyone in my family hated me including my mother multiple times, me and her have never gotten along (my sister is just like her). Okay I'm sorry I have so much more to say but it's really getting long now and I should wait for any further questions or whatever to come in (if any do) to elaborate any further on the matter. Writing this out has really made me realize just how much I need therapy 😅. If you have any questions ask em! If you have any answers then PLEASE say them! Thank you so much for your time!