While I realize self diagnosis can cause much more harm than good I've come to some knowledge recently that has collapsed everything I thought I knew about myself. I've know for a long time that I've been having small visual and audio hallucinations whether it'd be: seeing humanoid shapes that I always believed were spirits and was actually convinced I could see ghosts (I'm still iffy on that one), hearing arguements that have never taken place, having conversations with my parents in the living room when it turns out they'd been asleep for hours, and hearing footsteps/breathing while trying to fall asleep. I believe I have some form of schizophrenia. Aside from that, while I wouldn't call it lying (as I truly believed everything that I said) ninety percent of the life I remember living never happened. From going to juvie, to having my friend commit suicide when I was thirteen, or remembering some other rather horrid things from childhood (some of which I was not able to confirm it as not happening so that's still up in the air as well.) All the emotions are still there. I can still remember what Emily, the girl who I'd spend hours with after school who never actually existed, told me before she killed herself. I've always known I was off. I've always known something was wrong with me and that I'm a very disturbed person. But I'd almost rather believe all the lies versus not truly knowing anything about myself. I feel like I can't trust the thoughts that go through my head and it's driving me crazy. I know I'm not a sociopath, I'm willing to give myself that. I'd almost say I feel emotions too strongly in honesty. All my memories led me to becoming a pacifist who tries to make everyone feel loved even if only for a moment. I don't want to see people going down the path I went, but the path I traveled apparently didn't exist and it's killing me knowing that outside of all the bad things I might have done, all the good might not have happened either and it scares me. Who am I? Have I been a good person? Have I been a monster my whole life and the only times I'm truly aware of myself are these lucid states at night in which I feel I finally think clearly? I've tried to go to therapy twice and both times they tried to send me to the psych ward, but am I actually that crazy? I'm not walking around yelling at the air or trying to harm people. Yeah I used to cut and burn myself, I know that's true atleast from the scars, but I'm not dangerous. I've never been prescribed any medications other than adderall when I was younger. (Who knows, maybe that never happened either.) I just wish I could feel normal for once..