Although the game was a disaster when it came out, and although some EPs are lacking compared to other generations of the Sims (I personally grew up on Sims 2 & Sims 3), I don’t think the Sims 4 is as bad as everyone makes it out to be. Even without open world, the game feels so alive and lots are always filled with other sims (unlike in Sims 3, which took out a lot of enjoyment). With the addition of a few packs like Seasons, City Living, Discover University, I don’t feel like the sims experience is lacking compared to other iterations. Even though the base game may not be the best, packs have added some amazing systems that have truly impacted gameplay in ways we haven’t seen before. The holiday system from Seasons, clubs from Get Together, the parenting system from parenthood, the fame system from Get Famous (which in my opinion is the best fame system we’ve had), the retail and restaurants systems, and even all the eco systems we have now with Eco Lifestyle make it so hard for me to go back to older iterations. Heck, we have the best toddlers, vampires, witches we’ve had in any iteration (imo). I’m going out on a limb here, but even the pets have so many quirks and misbehaviors that make them so fun to play with. I don’t even miss controlling them because the lack of control has provided lots of unpredictability! CAS and Build/Buy are also out of this world, no more pudding faces. And the effort the team has put into scenery and surroundings is insane. Sulani is probably the most beautiful world we’ve ever had. Don’t get me wrong, the game does have its flaws like traits not having much impact on the game or some mechanics not being as deep or having as much impact (diving from Island Living, reactions to deaths, aliens, etc..). And yes, we shouldn’t compensate for these flaws using mods (don’t get me started on how much better the mods have been for the Sims 4), but people who call this the worst iteration really need to look past their experiences with Sims 2 and 3. Take Sims 4 for what it is, use some imagination paired with gameplay, and you will see that the game has as much depth and charm as any of the other sims games. The game has come a long way since it first came out (through packs and patches) and I believe that we should let go of all the toxicity within this community and thank the Sims team for constantly working to provide us with better experiences.