So, right now I am on S8E10 of the series. I have been watching this show for about 2 years now and I have finally made it to the last season. I binged seasons 1-6 and stopped watching when Elena “died.” I didn’t even love Elena that much but I was in love with Damon and I didn’t want him to go back to being a dick lol. So I took a year off from watching it. I just binged season 7 and half of season 8 and I am just having so many strange feelings. This happened to me before when I watched it and idk if anyone else has ever felt like this. I get so into the show and the characters and literally I feel so depressed when i’m not watching it. Sounds so fucking lame I know I know. i’m happily married and I have a wonderful life and everything but truly I think i’m in love with Damon I FEEL INSANE. I can’t stop watching clips of him on youtube and i’m considering not even finishing the last episodes so the show and Damon’s life doesn’t have to “end” in my mind. Idk. i’ve heard so many things about how the finale sucks and I guess i’m just not ready. When I watched the show before I felt the same way and I stopped watching it too because I felt depressed. I feel depressed rn but the only way for me to not feel depressed is to watch it. Depressed isn’t even the right word but just like a sad sense of longing to actually know the characters and live in their world. I sound literally insane and I hate it but i’m going out right now to get some dog food and I can’t shut my mind off from this stupid show. I even dream about it and Damon every night. I feel crazy and very stupid but I wonder if any of you have ever felt the same way. It’s just like i’m going through a bad breakup or something and I feel like I need to be with the show/Damon. It took me like 3-6 months to officially get over the show when I stopped watching it before and now i’m upset that I even started watching it again but quarantine from the COVID-19 shit has got me stuck in the house and idk why i’m feeling like this. It’s like they’re actually real in my mind. Omg please tell me i’m not completely alone in this.