A lot of Kenny fans seem to constantly excuse his brash and selfish behavior with “He’s only human; Humans have flaws and if he didn’t he wouldn’t be a good character” or “It’s part of his character arc.” These are arguments that I agree with to an extent, but if we’re going to use these arguments to justify Kenny acting like an irrational, cowardly ass, then we need to acknowledge that Jane, at least from what little we’ve seen of her, was not that bad (Or, at least, only as bad as Kenny). A lot of people call her selfish and weak for wanting to use Clem as a substitute for her sister, but a lot of you fail to recognize that Kenny viewed Clem as a stand-in for Duck, and A.J as a “second chance.” Also,  a lot of Kenny fans like to use the two characters’ fates in S3 as some sort of example of how Kenny is better than Jane; Kenny and Clem where fine together, not to mention the apparently ever-so important fact that he taught her how to drive, while Jane kills herself because she’s a “coward.” I think a lot of people intentionally overlook the fact that Jane killed herself to terminate her pregnancy and give Clem two less mouths to feed. It was already hard enough to raise A.J, can you imagine how difficult it would be to care for two babies alongside a tweenage girl? It would just end up getting Clem and A.J killed. And regardless of whether or not I’m right, let’s remember that Kenny has always been a very selfish character himself; He refuses to acknowledge the reality that his son is turning (Which is understandable), and continuously acts like a brash piece of shit throughout season 2; Don’t get me wrong, I understand WHY he’s such a selfish asshole sometimes, I just think that we need to be fair here. You either hate Kenny, and therefor Jane, or understand why Kenny is the way he is, while giving Jane the same treatment. You can’t overlook one character’s personality flaws while hating a character that has similar personality flaws for different, yet equally justifiable reasons. I, personally, left both Kenny and Jane, because, honestly, they both have their flaws and Clem doesn’t need that shit. I wish she could’ve stayed with Christa to be honest, ‘cause at least she really had her stuff together.