Obvious spoilers for season 9 ahead. I don't know if this has been talked about on this sub before but I think it'd be cool to have a discussion about an opinion I've been harboring for a while. We see the whisperers and they've been after Eugene and Rosita, showing that's the whisperers would attack the group anyways. After they find Eugene and save him the whisperers kill Jesus and this could have set off the conflict by itself. But instead we see the group capture Lydia and take her to the hilltop. There, Henry, who is at the hilltop with such timing from dumb luck, is in one of the cells, at the same time as her by some dumb luck. We then see Henry get close to her, after what, talking to her from across a cell for 24 hours? Then the rest of the conflict is caused by Henry going after Lydia time after time for the rest of the season. There could have been negotiations, and alpha would have been open to it if they handed over Lydia, which they do. But Henry, who has killed a man and has gone through at least 6 years of hardships, suddenly has mad sympathy because this girl is being abused by her mother? Yeah that's fucked up but this is the apocalypse! It's established early that "Henry is a dreamer" but after 6 years of facing the realities of the world you'd think that he could learn to let it go, or even to save Lydia but not be so irrational about it. Henry kidnaps Lydia and even if you're a psycho like alpha, don't you think you'd also be pissed about your daughter being taken from you? I can understand alpha and her group going after them again because Henry pulled such a stunt. Without Henry doing this, the whisperers wouldn't have had such a vendetta, wouldn't have purged the fair, and it would have spared quite a few lives. But 1 teenager, acts irrationally about this girl out of nowhere, when there have been so many worse things in the apocalypse. Henry is a true dumbass and got like 10 people killed, including himself. I can see scenarios where they end up in conflict again, but the way things panned out, Henry can totally be blamed for every death except for Jesus'. After the swap for Lydia, alpha would have been way more open to leaving the survivors in that area alone. I'd like to hear some other peoples opinions on this and what takes you guys might have