Tonight my friends and I decided to try the doors to your mind. 2 of us, are including me, were unable to enter the trance state. We speculated that this was due to us both having insomnia. The other and last friend, however, had 2 successful runs. I was the only person who was able to give someone a success. The friend who had a success had 2 completely different experiences, only about half an hour apart from each other! The first one he was in the hallway of a hotel, wearing farmer’s clothing. On him he carried a wrench. He ended up having 2 doors at the start, one being a white door that he didn’t like and another door that he did go through. In the room was a very nice living room that he found a screwdriver in. When he was finished he walked for a bit and found another room. This one was a furnace room, and there was not really anything to be found in it, and next to the door was another white door, which was exactly like the one before, so we didn’t go inside. Halfway through, he found a sliding glass door that had a pool that he went near, but I had him leave when he noted there was a woman in there (he only said after we ended the game that it was his grandmother). After that, he managed to get near the end of the hallway, and in that spot, it changed to concrete, from the hotel theme. There was yet another white door, which he opened this time. He described it as pure white, and said that he simply was not able to enter the room. Finally, at the end of the hallway was a man. That’s when red flags went off, expect it wasn’t like the man that is usually warned against. It was his father, whom our friend has bad standing with, at the end of the concrete hallway, holding I knife. At that point, I reminded him that he had a wrench, and was welcome to do something about his father being there if he chose to do so. He decided that he wanted to wake up, because the image of his dad with the knife scared him pretty badly. It took us a solid 10 seconds to wake him all the way up. He was a little shaken by his father, but we talked about it for a little while. We decided to record the second session, but I’ll omit that for now and post the audio another time because I’m tired of typing.