So, back in October I believe I went to my family doctor because I was having difficulty swallowing. She put me on allergy and heartburn meds for two weeks and told me to come back if it wasnt getting better. She didnt touch me ever during my visit. I said whatever and went home and tried it for 3-4 weeks to give it a fair shot. It wasn't improving so I go back in and she tells me that she is going to send me for an ultra sound of my neck and thyroid. A few days after my ultrasound I get a phone call saying we found a nodule on your thyroid. Follow up with us in a year. No explanation of what that was or a solution to the fact that I was suffering. So I turn to Dr. Google. Terrible mistake, for reasons I'm sure you know. I have access to my medical records online. I looked up every term they used to describe it. It was dark and solid and long. It was concerning. I call my doctor back and Im like, "Uhhhh, so what are we going to do about the fact that I dont want to drink or eat anything because Im hurting" She tells me that she is going to make a referral to an ENT. I go to the ENT and they take a look and they agree with what I was thinking, that it was concerning. But they said that the doctor wasnt concerned about it, so they werent either. They put a scope up my nose, down my throat and told me that I have damage from acid reflex. Gave the meds a while longer and that did clear up. I have anxiety and was still freaked out. I just wanted to speak to someone who specializes in this. I called my doctor back and asked for a referral to an endocrinologist. Three weeks went by before she returned my call to tell me it was not necessary. I went back and forth with the nurse relaying my messages to the doctor before they were just flat out saying no. They made me feel stupid for wanting to see someone who knows a bit more than they do. I decided to call my ENT and ask for that same referral. They called me back that same day and was like of course. I got in a couple weeks later. I saw an intern before I saw the doctor and he also made me feel stupid about all of this too. I told him that no one had even done blood work to test my levels. He told me that there was no reason to. I have insanely dry skin. Like to the point where I shed like crazy and I'm always cracked and bleeding. I was made fun of my whole life for being like a lizard. This Intern asks me if my dry skin was from it being winter and I told him no and that I struggled with it my entire life. He looked at me and said, "No, that's clearly from the weather." So glad you know my life and heath conditions better than I do after looking at me for 30 seconds. He asked me about my body temperature. I told him that I am always freezing. When I was younger I was diagnosed with Hypothyroidism, but it corrected itself. He looked at me like I had just insulted his ancestors with the lies I was telling him. So after he left the room the real doctor came in he asked me questions that no one ever did. Like family history of cancer. My Aunt had thyroid cancer. My whole family is riddled with it and it was because of that, that he decided in 6 months I was going to get another ultrasound and we would go from there. He pulled up my scans and showed me exactly what it was and why they were concerned about it and why he wasn't concerned about it. He told me that there is only a 10% chance that it could be cancer. Told me that it was wayy to small to even biopsy it. Asked me a thousand times if I had any questions and just went above and beyond to explain how nodules are very common and most people have them. Made me feel so much better. Fast forward to February of this year and I go back and I notice while she is digging around on my neck that it doesn't look the same. That it looked larger.  I said to myself, Nope I am not a professional, stop going worst case scenario. I got the call the next day that it grew and now they wanted to do that biopsy. I waited for a long time for those ultrasound results to post to My online medical records. In 6 months it had quadrupled in size. The one day I was doing something and grazed my hand over my neck and I could now feel it. I had my FNA done two days ago and not to sound like the biggest baby in the world but that was traumatizing. The doctor sees me laying on the table shaking uncontrollably because I am terrified of needles, of people or things touching my neck. My person I brought with me to help distract me from my racing thoughts was forced to wait in the waiting room. But he sees me a mess, and says to me I am so glad that we are doing this biopsy today, it looks very suspicious. Its solid and not fluid filled and its growing. Like bro, now's not the time to say these things to an already scared person. lol. Maybe he thought he was comforting me? Plus he wasn't the usual doctor to perform these. That doc was out for the day. They gave me a needle of numbing and then went in multiple times with needles and I could feel it all. I had pain go down my shoulder and up into my jaw. It felt like he was hitting something he shouldn't of been.  I was miserable for the rest of the day. I am so incredibly happy that, that is over! I really hope that they got what I needed and that they wont have to go back in. Now I wait patiently for my results and what our next plan of action is.  I think regardless of what it is, I want it gone.