Okay, this has to be the most horrifying thing that happened. I and my friend (Jay) were hanging out and we went to this old kid's park that most of the time was pretty empty, especially at night. We were at the park at 8 pm smoking, keep in mind we are both 19 and we were having a good time. Until I noticed a scruffy looking man that looked like he was in his late 50's approach us. He freaked me out, but Jay being braver me asked him what he wanted. The man said we looked like fun people and that he wanted to have fun with us in the forest while licking his lips, I also noticed he had something his coat pocket, but I couldn't tell what it was. Jay and I immediately made quick talk, saying that we were busy. The man started getting a bit angry and he said that his friends which were all females thought we were cute and wanted to see if we could all have fun. We didn't buy his bull shit, we knew any girl in her right mind wouldn't be near this guy. When we declined, he clenched his fistOkay, this has to be the most horrifying thing that happened. I and my friend (Jay) were hanging out and we went to this old kid's park that most of the time was pretty empty, especially at night. We were at the park at 8 pm smoking, keep in mind we are both 19 and we were having a good time. Until I noticed a scruffy looking man that looked like he was in his late 50's approach us. He freaked me out, but Jay being braver me asked him what he wanted. The man said we looked like fun people and that he wanted to have fun with us in the forest while licking his lips, I also noticed he had something his coat pocket, but I couldn't tell what it was. Jay and I immediately made quick talk, saying that we were busy. The man started getting a bit angry and he said that his friends which were all females thought we were cute and wanted to see if we could all have fun. We didn't buy his bull shit, we knew any girl in her right mind wouldn't be near this guy. When we declined, he clenched his fist and walked away. I and walked away. I and Jay were both pretty freaked out but also laughing. Jay actually managed to record the audio in his phone, and we were laughing, however, keep in mind the park is right beside a sidewalk and the man was walking down the sidewalk, but while he heard us laugh loudly, he stopped dead in his tracks. I and Jay ran, we were scared. However, when we ran, we could hear heavy footsteps on the pavement chasing after us. I and Jay I went to my house (which is an apartment) and quickly locked ourselves in. To keep our minds off of this, we chose to play some Nintendo. 10 minutes into our game, we heard a knock on the window. We opened the curtains and we saw the man and he told us to let him in, and that we dropped something at the park, and he wanted to return it. Jay told him to fuck off, or that he would beat the shit out of him. The man got extremely angry, and he pulled; a pistol out of his pocket, and he screamed at the top of his lungs, "I'M GONNA-A FUCKI-ING GET YOU!" Before we could even react, he started to shoot the window causing it to break, me and Jay screamed. At this point, other people were peeping out of their apartment rooms to see what was going on, and a man was running to apprehend him, just before he did, the man shot Jay in the stomach. My apartment neighbor apprehended him and called the police. I tried to support Jay, but I was freaking out, he screamed he couldn't breathe. The police came in a second and took Jay in an ambulance and arrested the man. It turns out this man was actually wanted for burglary and murder which was a huge shock. Even more amazing news, Jay survived the gunshot and me and him are both still amazing friends to this day. TLDR, don't interact with random people you don't know.