You know how they say you are responsible for unlearning toxic behaviors? Well I learned that the hard way. I didn’t know something was frowned upon in my society. Please read the rest of this confession with a lot of understanding. I am not a malicious person and don’t have an agenda of hate towards anyone of any creed. If you find yourself lacking sympathy for me, I can’t help that, but do try and see that I’m trying to get something off my chest that is difficult to say and I find this place appropriate. I believe my mistake was a bold one and not a personal one. This might even be too controversial for the internet and can see bickering in the comments via foresight. So I run the risk of getting banned here by even posting this. I hope this doesn’t even get a lot of attention.
I’m sad because I made a post on Facebook on one of my favorite groups. I loved that group. I liked everything, commented on everything. It was a great joy to me. I recommended it to several people, made purchases, got ideas. I post, well, posted there frequently. So there was nothing unusual about what I did next.
I decided to reach out and make a post about what other people had been making me feel about my hobby (which is reading, so you know). What my post was about pertained to social etiquette when you see someone reading. I wanted to get across that I didn’t want other people to comment on me irl and make me feel noble, childish, nerdy, or sexy (yes, sexy. A coworker tried to make me feel sexy for looking at novels). To get my point across, I described the reactions of some of my coworkers, and I even went as far as to describe them, like an author would in a book. It’s a group about reading, why not? In one of my sentences, I described my boss of all people as Jewish. And that, ladies and gentleman, is how I fucked up. Like so. In another sentence, I described him physically. I only wrote down what he actually looked like, naturally. A few people saw it with clarity. I was just describing a person, setting a scene. But that isn’t the point. What is the point is that every descriptor I used to describe him henceforth from the point of mentioning the fact that he was Jewish... was immediately assumed by some to be a list of stereotypes.
It escalated. Nobody said a word at first, nor did I bat an eye. I wasn’t going into it thinking I had done anything, but apparently I had. I said nothing pertaining to any opinion towards Jewish people, and yet without the word, “Jewish” being in there, the post would have been fine.
What really sucks is a number of things. Getting called racist hurts. And the fact that I might have hurt someone’s feelings hurts too. I really respected these people. I thought mentioning the fact that my boss was Jewish was actually celebratory of his character. Was I wrong. People were saying it was irrelevant to even mention the fact that he was of this decent or faith. That’s how offensive it is apparently, it’s irrelevant. I’m not challenging the ways of society and can admit to being wrong, but I will not ever admit to having ill intent or feeling towards another person. It taught me a big lesson.
I think that calling someone a racist can be very hurtful when the person accused has no racist agenda to speak of. I think that my description was bold, but racist, no. Stereotypes are bullshit just like get rich quick schemes. But I came out of it having learned that it’s best to keep religion or race out of things entirely. It’s not something to be mentioned as casually as I did. It just blows that I am no longer an active member in the group.
That’s my sob story. The internet is savage. +1 knowledge is social stigmas with a price. Won’t be making any more posts there again. The admin first turned off commenting, then they turned off me. I’m banned and embarrassed.
TL;DR: I got banned from a FB group I loved for mentioning someone’s religious background.