So at the start of Year 8 at my school you have the option to obtain a laptop. It was the start of the day and i was pumped for getting my new Laptop. Everybody who had put their hands up to get one (a few 100) piled into the Cramped Classroom to obtain probably their most prized possession (well for me anyways), since i had gotten no Prior Experience to setting it up (due to me running on iOS for 10 Years) everybody was taught every solution to minor problems in case of an Emergency and that every laptop had tech insurance in case of a bad Accident. Anyways a few friends and i walked back to class showing off our new laptops to anyone who walked past. After lunch my class and i all filed into the quite Open classroom, signing our names off as we go. The bell rings for our last class of the day, we walk to a long corridor, about 2 or 10 metres long. I reach about Halfway when i drop my Laptop, (now we got HP Elitebooks and they’re sort of like a 2-in-1 device, You’ve got an Ipad and a Laptop all in one). So the Laptop opens up as its falling and Lands screen flat on the Concrete, now i swear and rush to the IT department to see if i can get it Insured. They say  IT: “Yeah Mate, Insurance Starts as soon as you drop it.”  Me: “Cool, May i please have mine Replaced.” (Now they didn’t Repair it, they Uploaded all of ya files onto a New Laptop to give you) IT: “Yeah, let me Just Upload this mate.”  So i was sent back to class with a totally new Laptop. I mark my name off and all was well, apart from one thing...if my parents found out that my Laptop was broken on the first day, they would never trust me again (well at least till i’m like 20). I try thinking of a plan. I finally come up with an idea. I simply would not tell them. What i didn’t know is that the IT Agent Present Emails your parents just to let them know what8s happening with your device. I took the bus home, i unlocked the Front door and my Parents are standing there.   Dad: “Give me your Laptop..Now!” Me: “Wha- Why, nothing happened?” Mum: “Listen to your Father, We hear what Happened.” Me: “SHIT!” (Pretty much the Whole Street could hear me :D) Parents: “You’re Restricted from this thing for the rest of the Year.”  I hand my Laptop over, storm past them, Sprint up the stairs and slam the door shut.  Me: “Great...My First ever Personal Laptop (i was using Family IPads originally) and i’ve already fucked up.”  (So yeah, i thought i’d write a story about it)  TL;DR Dropped Laptop at School, Parents Informed, Laptop got taken away for a year.