Obligatory this happened about a month ago. I work two jobs and 3 days out of the week they overlap with about 30 minutes in between. I work as a substitute teacher in the morning and I deliver Pizza at night for a chain that don’t sell stuffed crust so stop asking please. I usually get to my first job by 7:45 and I never have time to stop and get that sweet bean juice we all call coffee. A little backstory about the school I work in; this school has a high turnover rate since it is an inner city elementary school and is the main reason that I don’t feel I am ready to have little monsters running around. So by the time my next jobs comes around, I am a grumpy person deprived of that roasted bean juice. As many Americans I get my fix at the chain coffee house, Starstruck. On this particular day, I feel that I deserved better than a grande, I deserved better than a venti, I deserve a trenta. If you have never seen one, this is 31 ounces of caffeine. I ordered my usual, the cold brew. It doesn’t matter which since it is irrelevant. I down it all before I get to my second job. As I am in a large city, as soon as I pull up the pies are flying out of the door. Before I know it I am on my first delivery, feeling great with a bellyful of dark ichor. When I return back to home base, I start to feel it. If you have ever drank a little too much coffee it sometimes accelerates your bowel movements. I wasn’t worried though since I have been gassy lately. You may already know where this is going, but read on if you are still interested. For my next delivery, I had to take two since they were in the same block. After delivering the first of the two, I happily sat in my car since I got a decent tip. Then I did it. I chanced a fart, but it wasn’t a fart. My mind reminded to the day before where I had a venti cold brew and thought “uh oh”. Combined with the trenta, my bowels gurgled in protest. I started panicking. I had one more delivery in the car with chocolate rain in my pants. My mind ran quickly and thought, there’s a gas station around the corner. I made my way to 8/12 and parked in the back thinking I could hide. Luckily for me I always keep an extra change of clothes in my car for post workouts. I shove my extra underwear into my pocket and make my way to the door. I open it and notice that there are very few people in the store, one customer and two cashiers. “Great” I thought to myself. “Less people to see or smell me”. I look around for the bathroom and when I spot it I waddle over to it as to not spread my disappointment even more. I sighed a breath of relief once I locked the bathroom. When I was doing my business I noticed that there wasn’t that much in my underwear and I overreacted a bit. It was so minimal that my underwear was salvageable., but I wasn’t about to put soiled underwear in my pocket so I tossed it in the trash can. You would think it was finished there, but alas my night of terror is not over yet. There is always that plot twist. I reached for the toilet paper to wipe only to realize, It. Is. Out.  Now was when I really started to panic. An image flashed through my head of me opening the door and calling out to the cashiers for a roll of tp. I almost put away my pride and did it when an idea popped into my head. Why not use the soiled underwear? So, I fished out my underwear from this gas station trash can and proceeded to wipe myself with it. Once finished I buried that unsalvageable garment so it wouldn’t get found. After cleaning up I exited that place so fast and without making eye contact with anybody. From then on, I have been careful with my consumption of that sweet bean juice. RIP underwear. TL;DR I drank too much coffee. Started while delivering pizza. A gas station that was out of to now has soiled underwear in their trashcan.