2 years ago, I used to work at this roadside zoo and while I worked there I reported them for animal welfare issues to the USDA and HSUS from lack of veterinary care to letting dead badgers rot in their cages. To connect them to Tiger King they received their lion cubs from the same zoo Joe Exotic used to own, the GW zoo.  Basically nothing happened to them out of that report. Fast forward 2 years and the ALDF is suing them. In court documents, they said they are not guilty  of any animal neglect, but they believe ALDF will pursue them will legal charge until they close down, so said they closed down their zoo and have gotten rid of most of their endangered animals. With the remainder of the animals they said they are going to rehome them. The next day a barn fire occurs, with most of the animals they  were going to rehome inside, including every single goat. Here's what is shady, we never put every single goat inside that barn when I worked there. Another thing that is shady is that there are basically zero news reports about the barn fire, stumping news reporters, because any fire that happens that an animal or human dies in they hear about it right away. A new reporter that I have been emailing said he called the local fire department and they redirected him to the state fire marshal's office, because they said the state handles the bigger cases. Well the strange thing is that the state fire marshal's office redirected him back to the local fire department. This goes on for about a week and then he's finally able to get into contact with the chief of the local fire department. Basically, the chief said that the fire was so intense that they couldn't find a cause and the case is closed on their end. The news reporter asked if they believed it was intentional or accidental and the chief said he couldn't comment. So reddit is this possible can a fire be so intense that it's impossible to figure out what caused it? Is something shady going on here in the investigation of the fire? If so, who do I contact to make sure they get to the bottom of it?