If anybody who is reading this does tik tok, you are the first reason why tik tok sucks. Drama thirsty. If a tik toker is reading this, you are drama thirsty. You look for people who hate tik tok just to tel them insults you learned from tik tok, or say that you raped my mom. If a tik toker insults you saying anything they heard from tik tok, just say "how original" and they will get angry. My best friends gf broke up with him because she wanted to start drama. His ex gf's friend's step brother had an encounter with my best friend. My BF (BEST friend) said "your mom is as ugly as your glasses" because SB (step brother) looked like he was one of those kids who likes to joke. He was, but he also did tik tok, which made him drama thirsty, which made him "tell his mom". SB walked away and told his friend that he beat my BF up and made him cry. SB was clearly lying but his friend didn't bother to pay attention to the fact that he was standing there, not crying, waiting for the kid to come back. When SB came back, he said "I just told your mom, now your in trouble." Nothing else happened until the SB's sister was told. The sister then said "stop talking about our mom. My step brother told your mom what you said and you cried. Now everybody knows about it." SB has been spreading false rumors about BF. AS (annoying sister) walked away and BF followed. BF said "I didn't cry and I was joking. Can you not take a joke?" AS without hesitation, kicks BF in the knees and when I talked to BF about it later, he said that he probably wouldn't have felt it if he didn't know AS was there. AS was also probably 4'2 like most of the tik tokers in our school. I am probably 5'1 and I'm shorter than most kids. So at break that day, BF's gf walked over with AS and SB and like two other random people. They just told him that "SB made you cry" and called him a name that I used as a joke. SB walked away and said "stay on the ground like the roach you are". BF punches him in the back and says "you wanna try me?" SB did the most evil thing ever and I am not kidding, he seriously granned BF'S glasses and HE LITERALLY lightly set them on the ground... Titus kicked in the balls (I know that is the lowest you can go in a fight but SB deserved it) and the AS jumps on him and tackles him on the ground. Honestly it look like they were both about to start having s*x. BF gets her of his back and I hand him his glasses back. BF gets ISS for a week and he was fine with it since he got his revenge. BF is back with his ex and is talking about doing tik tok. I told him he can have the app, and dance with his gf but he can not become a drama thirsty thot or our friendship is done. I have another story about two girls commiting a crime against my sister. If you want to see that tell me in the comments and I'll make a new post or edit this one