back in like 2014 i met up with a guy named donnie g ( the experience ) found on tinder. he seemed pretty cool and chill . seemed witty and sarcastic so i decided to shoot for the stars. we met up at a local wendy's. wendy's is cool it was right down the road where i live and i was almost broke. anyways i'm waiting outside and donny g shows up with a beer in one hand and a football in the other. he was tall, super skinny, lanky, wore glasses, and had some shaggy hair. he was wearing a green polo tee with the sleeves torn off and some jeans. we go inside. whilst waiting in line at wendy's i asked him what happened to his sleeves and he said he flexed so hard they just ripped. when i laughed he got upset and was like "why are you laughing!!!!!??? it's not a joke??" and i was like oh ok then sorry feeling confused as hell. so we get food and we sit down. he literally ordered 5 junior bacon cheeseburgers. well you know how people takes sandwiches apart and make a bigger sandwich??! nope this guy literally smashed 5 sandwiches on top of each other bun and all and ate it like that. i was in awe. he told me he always eats them like that. then proceeded to tell me that sometimes he takes girls to more ethnic places like taco bell. lolll. so we start talking... and this dude is talking about being a pro football player but anytime i'd laugh he'd get dummy serious and ask my why am i laughing. he said a lot about football and that it's his life. and all his pro football players know home by donny the experience. idk. anytime i'd laugh he'd low key get weird and do the way are you laughing thing like before?? i spaced out a lot in between shit because i was trying to figure out how to get out of this. it's probably 30 minutes or something like that. remember the football from earlier ? her name is lisa and she goes with him everywhere. yes the football named lisa. well at this point i somehow convinced myself that i am on punkd. i'm waiting for ashton to pop out and save  me from what i'm hoping is a joke and it never happens. at one point i had to end it and i feel like it was 30 minutes after i convinced myself of that i had to end it. the only thing i remember after the punkd thing is that i said i was leaving and he replied with "so my place or yours?" while grinding lisa on his crotch while sitting down in the middle of wendy's. i said no. we went outside and lit a cig. he asked for a kiss i said no. then he ran off into the streets. lisa in his grasp of course.