I (F, 22) matched with this guy (M, 28) more than a month ago, we talked really well and ended up having our first date. Oh a little detail about him is that he doesn't have any social media but facebook which he claims he hasn't touched it for years, only for his mom to connect with his family back in Korea. Anyway, we still texted all day everyday after our first date but then WA announced the first corona death case so everyone was out for grocery shopping. I couldn't get any food so he suggested to come over to his apt over the weekend, that he could cook for me. I was curious what his place looks like and stuff so yea why not right? Everything was perfect. He gave me the L word but when I asked again later, he said it's just a moment. Sunday night, he drove me back, and ghosted me two days later. I wanted to know the reason so I texted him, he called me, he confessed that I stressed him out and worried that he couldn't provide me enough what I asked for (attention, time, etc). I called it BS because on our first night together I asked if this is just a casual hookup or he wants something serious? He said he wanted something serious. And the stupid me trusted him & invested my time in him. I have to admit that my mental health is not very strong at the moment so I did cry a bit, he ordered me food. And next day during his lunch break he picked me up at my place and kiss me, said "babe let's move in to my place for a month, I'm sorry I hurt you" when I found out he ghosted me bc he's been talking to other girls. Also because our state had most death cases at that moment so my school shutdown, I don't drive -> he wanted to take care of me. He went on two dates when I was there, I didn't understand why I had to deal with that so I went out and have some drink with my best friend, he was pissed so he took me home immediately on that night, the night the guy had his second date with the girl. Oh not to mention he said he's down to date me if he's younger but he's at that age where he has to date someone compatible to get married, yet he went on date with a girl who's 1y older than me. Anyway, he came home without seeing me, so he called me many times with a long ass essay text. He asked me out for dinner couple days later, I missed him so I agreed. Man he persuaded me to move in with him again and yea you know... I been living there for a month and so, cooked for him everyday (I didn't cook before, only because he said he likes girls can cook). I just went back home couple days ago for doing my stuff but he called me really random in the middle of day and asked how I've been doing, asked about my work and stuff. He also said I called you at this time because I didn't want to wake you up and get scolded (for real though I literally just opened my eyes when he called and it's true that I got very intense when someone woke me up). Idk if he happens to have a very good memory but he remembers all the little things in my life, details that I couldn't even remember that I told him. Like when we first started talking I said I hate ice cream and my fav flavor/smell is mango. He knows me so well within 2 months! Even more than my 2y ex... please help me out what do you guys think about this guy? I really need some help, my friends been calling me stupid since and I understand that I should have RAN from the beginning... thank you for reading until now and sorry for my bad English!