Way back in 2010 I think, a friend and I were scrolling through YouTube. We were both in 3rd grade at the time and fans of the video game franchise “Mario,” so we were watching funny videos people have made about it. We came across a video called “Mario Gone Gon,” spelt just like that. I need help with this. My memory is hazy but I think the video maybe had 1,000 or so views, I’ll try to my best to describe what I remember. The whole basis of the video was that Mario and his group of friends decided to go on a picnic in the woods, they thought it would be cool because it was also going to be a full moon. I remember it specifically took them all three hours to get ready (idk why I remember that but it was a part of the story.) so in their way there, everyone is laughing and having a good time except for Mario, he is sitting in the back by himself looking worried. Everyone asks what’s wrong and all he has to say is that he has a bad feeling about tonight. They arrived at the place and the screen cuts to the full moon, one of the characters (I remember the character was a female,) gets out of the car saying nothing, just gets out and stands in front of the car. Everyone is confused and she starts to change into this creature, but I don’t remember what it looks like, but I remember it giving me troubles sleeping that night and for the next few weeks after. Now all of this sounds pretty cliche, but this is when the disturbing part happens. Everyone proceeds to get out of the car, but no one can escape the creature. It shows picture of everyone and how they died. The only one I can remember is that it showed Mario and Jeremiah (Jeremiah is one of the characters, but the only name I can remember.) hanging by a noose on the bars of a swing set. After this it cuts to a picture of one of the girls running away from this creature in a tunnel. The girl screams horrifically and then the creature laughs maniacally whilst chasing the girl, and after that, the video ends. I remember this l video being in a book form, so it would show a picture at the bottom and words at the top, their weren’t any actual video footage. All of the characters looked like real people too. I talked to my friend about this recently, and he told me he remembers that too. The creepy part of it all is that the next day my cousin came over and I was gonna show him the video, but that’s video was gone completely. No trace what so ever, This comes to my mind a lot and I’m sure it’s nothing to creepy going on. YouTube more than likely took the video down because it did show blood and dead, hanging bodies. My main reason for posting this is because I want to know if anyone has seen this video too? Or if anyone thinks something else was happening more than youtube just taking down the video. So please, if anyone knows or if this seems similar to you, let me know.