I am looking for a song that absolutely terrified me when I first heard it. I want to say I was around 12 years old, and I heard it a while ago. And I've contemplated posting about it, because I'm not totally sold that it actually exsists, because 20 years of on & off searching have shown 0 results, however, I can remember it all too well. To put this in perspective, this was around 2000 when Napster was huge, and you could come across songs that had little to no metadata, and all I can remember about the file was that it was named "10". Now for the music, I want to say that it was pretty long. It was longer than 5 minutes for sure, and it starts off with a 4 syllable phrase being yelled incoherently. Then it starts... The organ player holds out this note for about 40 seconds, and then the band comes in, and goes to the verse? They create a "carnival on acid" feel, and here the singer (male) comes in, and sounds as if he isn't trying and making the lyrics sound as dumb as possible. After the verse, the band takes a sharp dynamic shift, and goes into the chorus. The singer completely changes and starts singing falsetto, and he sounds genuinely good. I also remember a horn section present for this part, and the bassline is kick-ass. Then the style changes.  They go back to the "Carnival on acid" feel, but go to a chromatic riff (I dabble in playing music) and it's the only part that I was able to figure out on piano (Played In Sixteenth Notes, This Repeats A Couple Of Times) (F# G G# A C# C B A#). This part has demented laughter all over. I don't remember what happens after this very well, but It does go to another chorus. I remember one of the lyrics are along the lines of "Kids are taking my oxygen" or something like that. After this it goes back to the "Carnival On Acid" Feel again, but more like the one in the beginning of the song, and one of the lines mention underwear or something, but then the singer screams NOOOO! Then starts saying It can't happen It can't happen over and over, and starts sounding shorter and shorter of breath until you can hear what is (presumably) a rope swaying back and forth with the (presumably) singer hanging. (This part absolutely horrified me), the band is playing slowly and still set in a fucked up carnival setting, while the singer is mumbling the lyrics, Until he (presumably) dies from choking. (At this point there is about 2 minutes left in the song and my 12 year old mind is absolutely done at this point) but for whatever reason, the song cuts to beautiful classical music. (My idea for this is that) this composition was sourced from a poor quality cassette with a bunch of different shit cut together to resemble some sort of a composition, which is evident in all the switches in the song, but I'm not entirely sure if  it is. It definitely scared the shit out of me then, but I'd like to hear it today because of how clearly I remember it, and how much the idea of this song floating around in my head needs closure. So if you can help, it would be very greatly appreciated. Thanks.