I’m on a throwaway because some of my friends are supporting this guy who I will call M and they know my main. For context we are all highschool teenage boys, I moved a couple states away. I was close friends with this M who always had a very out of control porn addiction, he claimed to be watching hentai and getting off at least 3 times a day on some weeks and he couldn’t go two days without doing anything. He lived like this for years apparently. He was really into hentai and anime. In addition to all this I am very sure that he is on the spectrum and undiagnosed. I have family that are diagnosed with aspergers and act very similarly to this individual. He also had weird friends that were decades older than him from the internet that he’d talk to on discord. Anyways, I move away and shortly after he says he’s trans and wants to be a “trap”, most of my friends accept it and the ones that don’t say nothing publicly. After this he begins doing disgusting acts that he thinks women (eating own cum, calling himself a dumb whore, saying he’s horny all the time, etc.) I think I’ve talked to enough girls to know that none are like this, especially at this age. After hearing this I message him online asking him what he’s doing and that he should stop what he’s doing before it leads to anything permanent. I also said life is more than just sex and then he just stopped responding. After that I told the few friends that were silently against it that I tried and that they should try talking to him about it, as far as I know none of them did. So now he’s a porn addicted 4chan weirdo that is being supported and egged on by some of his friends that I believe was groomed online. I really think he needs help but I have no clue what to do as I’m very far away now. His parents wouldn’t support it but his sister probably does so I’m just worried he’s going to do something he will regret. I really need advice on what I could even say or do to my friends or friend to help him. We used to be close and it really sucks that he’s like this. Sorry for poor formatting, I’m on mobile.