You guys, I feel so overwhelmed. Like most people our state has shut everything down. I was already a stay at home mom to my 1.5 year old, no longer nannying. My SO is an “essential worker” and not only has been having to still work but has had to work extra due to all his employees calling out. My daughter is sick with cold symptoms. My SO has had various complaints, hard to tell how much is illness and how much is stress-induced. I am nearly positive I have corona, low fever, cough, shortness of breath, exhausted. They aren’t doing any testing here, and without a positive test SO has to keep going to work. Oh, and I’m 24 weeks pregnant. And we’re in the middle of moving into our first house, which we’ve also been trying to do some work on. I’ve been having to do pretty much all the packing, he’s been going to the new house after work to get things done (which means less help at home). I have a SD6 who has been staying at her mom’s since we’re sick over here, plus BM is out of work (and asking us to give her money even though she still has a last paycheck coming, kept all the tax return for their kid, and is getting unemployment. But not having her here is taking a toll on SO and I worry she’s going to come back before we’re all healthy and she’s going to get sick. About a month ago she was getting tests to determine if she has asthma which haven’t been completed, corona has prevented follow up appointments, and I worry it’s going to be really bad if she gets it. I’ve been trying to take it easy on myself in terms of parenting- allowing more screen time and extra snacks to get through the day, been trying to remember things to be thankful for- we have a fully stocked kitchen (and tp!) and SO is still earning a paycheck, baby is healthy. I keep seeing posts about fun activities to do with your kids, free online classes, couples enjoying time together, and I’m so happy people are slowing down and making the best and finding joy. But I’m here just trying to survive, feeling alone, and just wanting a nap.