I have a raising suspicion that a lot of recruiting agencies scam people to fill their “recruitment” quota. I worked a great job in my field and was more or less “grandfathered” in by the previous management team, and when new management came in to shake the place up, luckily I was one of the few who got to stay, as I did good work anyways. Fast forward to September 2019: I got a message on LinkedIn from a recruiter of a huge global agency with a very attractive offer for a lateral position in my field. I was skeptical at first but entertained the deal. One thing led to another and by the end of October I’d put my notice in and prepared for this new job (sent documents, filled out tons of forms, signed acknowledgments, took drug tests - everything). It required me to move out of state and invest in some equipment which wasn’t a biggie at the time - I felt the investment was sound based on the compensation I was promised. I was slated to start the first week of November, so I had already found a place to stay and headed down to where I needed to go. It was a long drive, but I made it and contacted the recruiter to let them know I was settling in and excited to start - to which they replied that my start date had been “delayed” and said it would be resolved by the end of the week. I asked why they didn’t tell me this since I was literally there the two days before I was slated to start to which they couldn’t give a solid reply. This mess lasted a whole month and I ended up moving back home since I practically drained all my savings and couldn’t stay any longer. I should note that they paid me my time for being there albeit not much if you consider that I had no job and couldn’t get back into my old place since I freed up a lot of payroll. I haven’t been able to find a job since and due to this COVID pandemic it’s making finding a job a bare. I thought I found something through different staffing company and they said I was starting *last* week but I haven’t heard from them and haven’t had my calls/emails returned. After filling out all this paperwork and registering to work for these companies as a “contractor” BOTH times, it makes me think they’re creating ghost or shell jobs in order to lure in recruits to fill a registration quota - and not actually placing anyone into a job.