Is it okay for you to be feel paranoid and or be upset about your girlfriend looking at other people, or looking at celebrities and appreciating their attractiveness? Because I don't know, I feel like if someone says they're in love with you, they literally shouldn't care about someone else about how they look, or give em any kind of attention. Me and my girlfriend have gotten into talks/little arguments about it (through text, we're long distance) and it all started with the band BTS she liked. We gave each other our accounts and stuff so I have hers and she has mine, and before we first started talking I knew she liked BTS and such so it wasn't really a big deal at the time. Anyways, we were on call one day while she was at school and I overheard her talking to her friends about BTS cause her friends were talking about their hands or whatever, and she forget we were on the phone cause I didn't want to side track and talk to her while she was talking to her friends, and I heard her say that this member of the band had the best hands and it triggered me and I hung up? So it just made me really upset and insecure of my hands cause she said she loved my hands and I believed her, but clearly I'm afraid to believe her now. Anywayss there's more so, okay couple weeks later I go on her account and every time she posted something BTS on her account it triggered me but I tried not to say anything cause I just don't want to start, but everytime I get triggered I overthink and stuff and it's not healthy, but In her Instagram saved, she had the band members faces in albums, like each specific member(i already knew about this for a long time since we gave each other our accounts) but I finally snapped and said that, it was weird to do that? Which I don't know maybe I'm wrong and such but if you told me that you only like them for their music then why are they like in albums...it's literally nothing to do with their music, just their faces so it was kinda weird ( I already also knew she was lying that she just liked their music, it's a bts fan obviously not) but we got into a argument about it and I just felt it was wrong and I asked her if she thought it was wrong, like what if it was switched around? I don't care if they're music artists or anything, if she saw these girls in my saved and girls I idolize how would she feel, you know? So I don't know man, she recently "stopped" liking them for me which I feel shitty for cause I know I'm overreacting but it's really hard for me not to be jealous because I literally unfollowed every girl on my instagram before we gave each other our accounts to prevent her from feeling bad or overthinking about herself so yeah, am I a shitty guy? Like I know she recently "stopped" liking them cause she took off the saved albums and her highlights of them too, and unfollowed them but I obviously checked and some bts stuff is still on her account in her following tab, but I'm just being a baby, maybe cause it's not fair, I sound controlling but I'm really not. I'm not a douche, I'm really a sweet dude to my girl but when it comes to jealousy I can't handle it well. I do my best to make my girlfriend feel good and not insecure about herself but I guess it kinda hurt me when she said it wasn't wrong that she found them attractive :/ so now when she says I'm the most attractive person it makes me think about them and how she thinks they are more attractive and better than me :/