I am young, still a teenager, and I have seen many pictures and videos of people dying in many different ways, and it doesn’t bother me at all. A few times in the past I’ve actually gone looking for stuff like that. I’ve seen decapitations, shooting, suicides including jumping off buildings, ritual sacrifices, etc. and I’m not affected by it at all. Also, when I think about it, if a close family member died, I would be sad, but I think only a few of them, and if a friend died, I wouldn’t care. If I saw someone die right in front of my face, I wouldn’t care at all. At least I don’t think I would but I am pretty sure. Before you ask, my home life is perfect, good parents, good siblings, no bad influences, no drugs, drinking, or smoking, and no bad friends. Another thing that doesn’t make sense is that if it was an animal, I would feel bad, and definitely cry. I have never watched an animal die except my cat being put to sleep, and I will never purposefully google anything that has anything to do with killing or injuring animals, and if I saw something by accident or even read something, I go into like a quick depression until I lie to myself and say that it was fake and the animal is ok. I’m just concerned for my mental health and my future and what’s going to come with this numbness to human injury and death. I obviously haven’t brought this up to my family, because I don’t want them to be scared of me. I don’t know what to do. Also, I could kill someone and be fine with it. I don’t want to kill anybody and never have. Honestly the urge to kill someone seems unrealistic to occur in my mind. Sometimes I’ll be like I could literally kill them but I know I could never bring myself to do that kind of stuff. It someone was begging and were obviously upset or had no reason to be killed then I would obviously not kill them, like George Floyd. But if someone was a criminal who killed my family or something I would have no hesitation killing them. I guess what I meant before is that I would never have the urge to kill and innocent person. Thanks so much for reading this far and I just want you to know that I am a very kind and emotional person most of the time, it’s just that I don’t care about humans being injured or killed. I’m sorry if this upsets you.