it went really well, when it got late we were watching movies in the dark and after a while of slowly getting closer to eachother i put my arm around him. he looked at me and giggled a bit, we went back to watching the movie for a while before he put his hand on my chest getting more cozy. his hand slowly lowered to my dick and he put his hand on it for a few seconds, he took his hand away kind of quick and said “sorry i got carried away”. i said “its okay” with a grin and he put his hand back on it. he was grabbing it through my boxers for a bit until i asked him if he likes what he feels, he said yeah your really big it feels really good. i looked at him in the eyes for a few seconds and i kissed him. we sat there kissing with him in my arms for a while, he pulled my boxers off and the look on his face was pure shock/excitement. he grabbed it and told me its really smooth then put it in his mouth, i grabbed the back of his head and gave him as much cock as his mouth/throat could handle. i could tell he was loving every second of it, we started making out again, i turned him around and started grabbing his ass and putting my cock up against him. he said ive been wanting you to fuck me for soo long, i couldnt believe it was really happening. i rubbed more spit on my cock and started putting it in his ass, it took him a couple of minutes to be able to fit all of it comftorably but once he did it was soo hot and sweaty. we were laying on our sides with me fucking him from behind putting my hands all over his body and choking him. it was very passionate and overdue, i knew i should have been fucking him sooner. we fucked for about a hour or two because the movie was off and the room was black for most of it. we fucked multiple more times throughout the night and before he left, i even woke up to him sucking my dick in the middle of the night so i fucked him and then around 5 am after we were back asleep i woke up horny cause i was spooning him so put my cock in his ass while he was asleep and he woke up after a couple of minutes and we had really hot and passionate sex again. there are more that im not describing but overall my experience was amazing.