Me(23)and my BF(25) have been together for a year we moved into a apartment at 6months, and have had issues with one another since.. we’ve been up and down. I’m rather laid back and lazy and put things off till last minute; he’s very OCD and on top of things... but lately about 3-4 months now he’s lost all interest in me no sexual activity not physically or really any emotionally he claims he’s tried over and over.. when we talk I started noticing he will talk over me and shut down the conversation if it’s not something he cares about, I started doing the same making him mad at me for doing such. He resorted to ignoring me I’ve done the same.. he’ll blame me for losing things he legit just had and so forth. He gets pissed when I tell him I want to drive the truck(mine btw I bought it) and not his brand new car(says it’s more practical I drive the car) we’ve had a moment when we wanted a kid almost had one family and stress caused a chemical pregnancy and I didn’t get pregnant, at the time I removed myself from my family for a bit he was way more loving and caring, I started to talk to my family again and branch out and now he’s distancing himself blaming me for our faults I tend to play a lot of games mostly WoW. I’ve tried getting him into it as well since I’ve been playing it for 14yrs and have had the same couple groups I play with who all know me better then my BF Ever will which seems to bother him I cut back awhile and tried getting him into MHW if the game doesn’t suit him he won’t play.. but won’t except that I don’t wanna play the games he likes since they’re unappealing so I don’t force him to play mine and would hope.. he’d think the same. Not sure if I’m in the wrong or right.. I wanna fix this shit but At the same time it seems like I jumped into a relationship way to soon dove to hard and now I’m stuck with someone I knew only through honeymoon phase... he’s almost a new person. He screams at my birds and refuses to let me have things the way I want them dislikes most of my cooking and overall I can’t recall the last time he complimented me on my appearance... I feel gross and and unwanted by him... am I doing something wrong or is it him... I know I had one night where I woke him up at 1am moving shit around in frustration and called him less then a man a bi*ch and so forth.. and he almost left. But I rarely try to pick the fights unless my emotions boil over... srsly is this worth it?!