There’s a lot to unpack here, I’ve been with my boyfriend for a little over a year but I have known him for over 3 years. During the first 7 months of our relationship everything was great, he was so supportive of me and understanding of my time commitment to school ( at this time he wasn’t in school). Then things slowly started to spiral he would accuse me of being in love with an old fuck buddy despite never having feelings for this guy and only ever having a sexual relationship with him a year before I got together with my partner. My partner constantly shamed me for “being in love” with this old sexual partner and saying I talked about him too often. Upon reflection perhaps I did bring him up a couple times and I apologized for that and said I would stop; however my boyfriend wouldn’t stop, every time we would get in a fight he would bring this old sex partner up we like a secrete weapon. Fast forward a couple months, my partner accuses me of cheating on him out of the blue with no evidence. He screams and cries and demands to see my phone. There was obviously nothing on my phone and I was uncomfortable with him even asking to see it but I let him look to end the situation, the next day he apologized and said my “mannerisms triggered a response because he was cheated on in his previous relationship” to this day I don’t really know what I did that set him off. Now my boyfriend is convinced I am in love with this guy (new guy) who had hit me up repeatedly. He expressed it made him uncomfortable that when this guy would hit me up I wouldn’t shut it down (I would usually not respond or if I would I would ask him about his little sister) I know I probably should’ve shut him down but in my eyes I see shutting someone down who is trying to hit on me as giving them attention, and even negative attention is attention. So after my boyfriend and I got in a small fight about that situation I blocked the person. A few weeks later the guy texted me asking why I blocked him (I’ve known this guy for about 6 years) I told him it was disrespectful of him to hit on me and he apologized saying he meant no disrespect and he was sorry. I told him I’d unblock him if he would cut the flirting and he agreed, I told my boyfriend and his response was “I don’t care”. About a month later I posted a photo of me on my Snapchat and this guy complimented it, I was with my boyfriend so I showed him and then I said “I’m not going to reply” and I didn’t reply. After acting weird for a few minutes my boyfriend proceeds to tell me it’s “disrespectful I didn’t reject the compliment” and that I “must need validation from other guys” I tried to explain to him that negative attention is still attention and I’m not going to give him any attention, and that I wanted to enjoy our time together and not fight. My boyfriend was really pissed off about it and we argued about it all night until he started crying saying he wasn’t good enough for me. My boyfriend cries every time we fight and it’s hard because I then feel I have to put aside my feelings to support him and coddle him ( I’ve told him I feel this way and he has used it against me saying I should be happy to support him). I stayed with him and held him while he cried. I left that night and he asked if he could still come with me to my parents house for Easter, I was still upset over the argument but wanted him to come so I said yes as long as he doesn’t fight with me at Easter, he agreed. So here we are today is Easter and the entire day he isn’t talking to me in front of my family, the vibes are weird. He then messages me “can I get my things from your room” and I was like “yes why, would you like to go on a walk and talk” he responds “no I’m done”. He then sends me a screenshot of this persons (from the previous fight) Instagram and a circle around my username saying I liked the photo, my boyfriend followed that text up with “you’d be happier with him(:” I explained that I blocked him again after he hit on me and that photo was 3 days old so I must’ve liked it before this went down. My boyfriend didn’t listen to me and continued to be upset. I brought him to another room and explained that this is inappropriate to do in front of my family and essentially said my “disrespect” warrants his behavior. So here I am sitting alone in a different room while my boyfriend is ignoring me in the living room. He has mistreated me time after time but I love him and when times are good, they are SO good. I needed to vent and What I’m asking for is input and support or whatever anyone has to offer. Thank you for reading please excuse the typos.