From since I (21 y F) was young I always had the feeling that my mother had a favorite child. She told me multiple times that she never wanted a daughter, because she grew up with 7 sisters and she says girls are difficult... (Extra info: She grew up in muslim culture, where girls drop out of school to cook and clean and get married to someone their parents choose. So in her culture men are kings and women are just made to clean and cook for the husband. My mother left her parents house at 19 and went to live with her sister.) My mother always joins together with my brother (26 y) whom I mostly don't get along with because of his childish attitude towards to me and the way he lives his life just doesn't match my principals. My brother screwed up most of his life and spends all of my parents money, he can't keep a job and is just home all day being lazy. My parents have to pay all of his depts and continue to bail him out of his problems.  For example whenever he makes a rude comment, to make me feel sad. When they see me getting worked up about stuff they say, they tell me that I can't take any jokes and that I always have to get angry for no reason. During my whole life my mother always had to say negative stuff about me, she would never talk about good parts of my personality, only all the negative parts. While I manage to study for a college bachelor degree and work 2 studentjobs and pay my own bills, they never tell me they respect that and are proud. She always has to tell me that I'm the problem and that's the reason I've fallen out with my highschool friends and manage to always have a problem with other people. My father (not muslim) never opens his mouth to say anything, sometimes he has to laugh with the jokes my brother makes, but thats how he is, he is very easy going and chill. Also sometimes my mother would create a problem between me and my father, by saying that my father said this or that about me. It's just frustrating, now that I'm stuck in the house. Just wanted to find out if there us anyone who might have experienced the same problem...