i’m 19 female, i started dating this boy last January. He lied to me about so much and had a whole second gf. When I confronted him and told her he blocked me everywhere, this was the end of march. We started dating again in June after matching on tinder again. this relationship lasted until December. I dealt with him lying to me and talking to his ex and then lying about it. He even went as far as hanging out with her a day after promising he would not talk to her again. We hooked up this january. I technically didn’t want to but went along with it because I missed him and was in love with him. He shamed me for being on tinder and trying to move on. then in late february we got back together. I think we got back together because he didn’t have anyone else. He lied to me about a girl he said he worked with, I ended up messaging her the day he blocked me and she said they met on tinder. this time the relatioship was horrible. I wasn’t allowed in his house because his parents hated me for no reason. He made me feel bad about being skinny and told me to eat to gain more weight so many times. He got mad at me for getting sad he’s lied to me. I saw him talking about other girls breasts to his friends saying “she has the perfect tits” he got mad at me for telling him. I didn’t have any trust for him after finding out he sent a random e girl from instagram 40 dollars. Saturday night he was being super sketchy and wouldn’t talk to me on the phone. and when I called he hung up right away and told me his dad was yelling st him and I called later and he hung up and said he had to go to work an hour and half later. I asked him if was lying and he left me on open. I tried to call him multiple times he ignored me. Then finally blocked me everywhere I have not talked to him since friday. I think this is how i’m finally going to be done with him. the thing is the girl from tinder and I talked and she told me a lot of stuff that he lied about and made me super self conscious. and I don’t know how to not be upset about him. she told me he made me out to seem insane saying i would call him on the phone to scream at him, or how i made him block girls ((who he’s had sex with)) and she said when he explained it she thought i was a horrible person. I’m not going to get any closure because he lives an hour away and his dad would probably shoot me if I drove there. I do miss him but I acknowledge our relatioship was insanely toxic but I don’t know how to get over him. like I shouldn’t miss him but I do.