I’ve been through a lot with my family I have no relationship from my father and have suffered a lot of mental and emotional abuse. It’s too much to write about in one post. I started dating someone and my mom never met my boyfriend yet is judging him based on lies and rumores others have stated about him. Me and him went to ihop and took our orders to go they got messed up so we had to wait a while and I was going to get home a little late. I was dropping him off at his house and my mom called me yelling about the time. Later she asked for my location while I was driving and me being obedient I gave it to her. Later after that still driving she calls me asking where I am. I was still driving. Turns out she asked for my location to turn her car around and see where I was at. She started accusing me of doing something “bad” when I honestly just went to Ihop with my boyfriend. Not that any of these things are considered making someone a “bad person” but I’ve never done any kind of drugs smoked drank gone partying clubbing and neither do I have sex with anyone and everyone. Yet she accused me of “bad things” and doesn’t go into detail about what she’s accusing me of. I asked “what am I doing I’m just driving” and she goes on about “don’t give me a victim talk” she started yelling and screaming about how she doesn’t want me with him ever again and I calmly stated “mom I’m sorry but you can’t tell me who I can and can’t be with” then she lost it. She went crazy. She wouldn’t let me talk said how I was being manipulated and all this psycho stuff. Saying how her chest was hurting and it was my fault. I’m not being manipulated my boyfriend hasn’t spoken about the situation with my mother and hasn’t told me what to do or anything of the sort. If anything he feels really hurt and thinks it’s all his fault. He’s very hurt how she’s judging him based on what others say instead of talking to him and getting to know him or the truth. When I vent to him he stays quiet and just listens to respect me and my family. He hasn’t told me to move out I’m making that decision myself and all he’s done is support me and make sure it’s the move I want to take. My mom took my keys and I believe sold my car. My car hasn’t been at my house for three days and the things that were in my car were in my house. So I’m moving out I’m packing and leaving by tomorrow while my mom is at work. The only thing is I’m getting cold feet. I’m scared. I’m 19 and I’ve never been away from my mom but she’s become so crazy and so controlling I can’t be at my house anymore. All I do is work and come home so I avoid her looking for issues. She treats me as if she hates me. Like stated previously it’s too much to write in one post. A bunch of big issues have led to this ginormous problematic mess. So I can’t stay at my house anymore. She’s trying to keep me at the house to prevent me from working so I don’t make enough money to move out. Idk what to say or what to do or how to go about things. I’m very scared. If anyone has been through this please reach out to me to let me know what you did and how you coped.