So here is the story. First off I'm sorry if I don't use correct terms. I like vehicles but don't know much about them as far as maintenance goes other than like a basic oil change and small stuff like that. But I bought a 2000 Tacoma last Christmas and I recently installed a lift kit with the help of a friend as he pretty much did most of the work and really walked me through the steps as he is pretty knowledge on cars and used to off road jeeps. Anyways long story short we got the lift on and then I went to get a alignment at a shop as he told me its recommended to get one after you apply a lift and the guy at the alignment shop pointed out that the inside of the front tires is wearing out faster than the rest of the tire. I told my friend who helped me do the lift and he suspects the suspension needs to be redone as it's a 20yr old truck and it's probably around it's time for it.(currently has 123,000 miles it's a 2000 Tacoma trd sr5 extended cab 4x4 v6). (It has the OEM Bilstein trd shocks on it so I'm pretty sure previous owner never redid the suspension.) Anyways The only reason my friend thinks that cause he had a 2007 frontier with the tires wearing out on the inside like my Tacoma and he knew it was the suspension on his and honestly I dont doubt his opinion cause it is a older truck and I'm sure it's time for this truck to have a fresh suspension upgrade. So I'm just wondering if anyone could help me as far as sorting a list out to re do the suspension. My friend gave me a basic list of stuff but he wasn't sure what all was needed as he has never dealt with a independent axle vechice. His off road jeep was a solid axle. But this was what he listed for me (ball joints,CV joints, shocks/struts? Not sure if I'm naming the correct part, coil springs, tie rods,leaf springs,control arms) I wanna get my stuff off rock auto so idk if someone can build the shopping cart with the best parts for me and link it to me or just send me a list of what parts u recommend that my friend didn't mention and I'll find the parts to the best of my knowledge as I don't wanna start tearing apart the suspension and as I'm finishing up someone tell me I missed a part and have my suspension components wear out uneven if I apply some parts now and then some later. Would really be a big help if someone wouldn't mind telling me if he missed a few parts or just give me the green light if that's all I'll he needed. Also I would like to have parts that would still allow me to use my lift kit as I payed 140 for it and I would hate to put aftermarket stuff that wouldn't be compatible with my kit and my 140 dollars go2 waste. If I'm missing any details i'll be sure to add them in the comments as I remember them