So I am very confused, upset, and more depressed than I have been in a very long time.  To preface I am MtF  I am pre-HRT.  I only came out to my wife June of last year and the previous few years before that were questioning and depression.  When I came out my wife was confused but supportive, several times in the ensuing months she would ask me why I identify as a woman instead of non-binary, I tried to explain but she was always frustrated by it.  In the ensuing months our life has been incredibly hectic relocating to a major city from the country, her changing jobs twice, and 2020's bullshit.  I found out my insurance at work will cover nothing transition related so I had been waiting and searching for alternatives outside of PP as I dont want to be on WPATH.  Fast forward to last night We were talking about HRT and the plan, if I should just DIY,etc when she blew up and said "Why aren't you non-binary"  I said because "I'm a woman"  She lost it and said I was not that I was a man who had no right to claim the title of Womanhood that I had no idea of the struggles real woman have.  That I reduce her (I should point out she was in tears at this point) and all of womanhood to breasts and hair (As that is what I am huuugely dismorphic about so it comes up more in conversation)  I Shut down at this point.  I had no idea she had qualms about my transition and even in the best of cases I have an extremely hard time sharing my feelings and at this juncture of being yelled at I shut completely down.  She went on to tell me how I must be Non-Binary because I desire to be feminine which she then stated she supported but that without more to it I cannot be a trans-woman and to claim such is a lie.  She asked me again why did I want to be a woman.  I tried (not very well do to shutting down) to explain how I just know Im wrong, that I am in the wrong body, that my spirit is female.  This set her off she said I had to explain without using anything about body why I am a woman.   She told me in the instance she represented all of womanhood and she would be dammed if I reduced them down to appearance and femininity.  She then brought up a friend of ours who is a transwoman and has been on HRT for over a decade.  My wife said she had no problem with her and knew she was a woman but that I was different.  Variations of this conversation went on for hours.  With alot of screaming on her end and telling me over and over again that I am Non-Binary and I do not understand what it means to be a woman.  The conversation ended with me agreeing to go to therapy to specifically talk about this issue.  (Though I have been to a therapist due to my wanting to transition last year).  While of course there is more to being a woman than looks, I think because its something I can easily talk about wanting to change, she has latched onto that alone.  In the morning light it feels like I am being gatekept out of transitioning by my own wife. IDK  OF course I know there is much to being a woman I dont know, as I asked her, how can I until I am allowed to transition and experience it?