                         Almost every transformers toy line recently has been giving exposure to classic characters,but they still give us the recognizable faces that made this series. In earth rise theres prime, starscream,wheel jack,and Megatron. We will likely also get a sunstreaker repaint as sideswipe, the two other doxon bros,and bumble bee ,but on one of the two lists there will be soundwave. Soundwave is likely gonna come due to his status as fan favorite which is obvious but he well have a new mold. Lets go back to when hasbro,during cyberverse,made characters have an official alt-mode one of them was soundwave now as a music van. This is important because it means two things 1) this is blasters alt mode now too,and 2) he can now be a repaint/retool of ratchet and ironhide.   Now some would counter argue soundwave always and armored van and a music van,both of which look different than iron hide and ratchet,but to that I say retool. Lets go back again but to siege now, in that line we had quite a few hidden modes, Shockwaves gun mode,cogs alt combined mode, and soundwave just to name a few. Well in earthrise we only have one hidden mode, if you could even call it that, iron works g1 pillar statue mode thing. So we can assume that we will see more and one character that will likely due this again will be soundwave ,but as a cassette player and if you sit down and think of it yeah its possible but then you counter argue well then what iron hide and ratchet could also turn into a cassette player and store cassettes? Not at all instead the chest will be hollowed out and have a chair on the inside and remember titan returns soundwaves base Mode? Yep do that but point the legs straight and with maybe an additional piece in the box to replace the cassette and you have there g1 toy robot mode! So how would this work? Well obviously soundwave would appear in the toy-line in its 2nd and 3rd wave appearing with blaster then in the 4th waves ironhide(due to his brand awareness thanks to the movies) would appear and then  ratchet. But I can do myself one better and predict the cassettes soundwave and blaster and then the accessories for iron hide and ratchet. So for the two cassette men soundwave will have buzz saw due to him not being in siege and being an easy lazar beak repaint and for blaster sundor who would also be an easy lazar beak repaint. For ratchet a medical station similar to his siege one and a weapon for him probably a pistol. For ironhide just a weapon station filled to the brim with weapons, maybe a jetpack but considering his g1 and movie selves both packed a lot of heat Im going with weapons