For me it all started when I was 2, I was born in Toronto but lived in the country side for my first two years. My first memory was walking Dow a staircase, a huge accomplishment that when I think about I still get a twinge of pride. I was to young to understand but my father wasn’t around much and my mother had problems with crack. I was taken away from them along with my two brothers when I was three. Youth protection put me in around 8 foster homes through the two years I was in the foster system. There was a lot of trauma, I got beat up by the older kids and in my last foster home a few months before my adoption my foster father choked me until I couldn’t breath and passed out. I remember what he was doing when I woke up but I didn’t understand what rape or sex was at my age. I was 4 and a half at the time. I met my adoptive parents Eli and Mike when I was 2 months away from turning 5. I was very close to them almost immediately but I couldn’t form a strong attachment to them due to never having a constant adult in my life for the opening years of my childhood. I got adopted the December after I turned 5 and things were relatively good for 1-2 years. We were living in a small town in Ontario called Alexandria, we then moved to Gatineau until I went to third grade. I got bullied in Alexandria for having gay parents, but it never got to me. I got hit by my father Mike and my father Eli was scared of him. We moved to Montreal and things went downhill very quickly. Mike cheated on Eli and they separated leaving the kids wit shared custody. At Mikes there was never enough food, and he was not the nicest person to say the least. He would go out drinking and then drive back home under the influence and then be an asshole to my brother and I. My other brother was adopted leaving only two of us with Mike and Eli. During this time I was around 8-9 and my depression started to appear. Suicidal thoughts were a common thing and none of the adults listened when I told them I wanted to die. My brother and I decided to go to Eli full time when I was around 11. Mike manipulated me into going back with promises that he would be better and that I would have more freedom. He then convinced e to lie about Eli And his boyfriend and my brother to make them look like villains. He gaslighted next into thinking I was abusing him and that I had mental health issues. I stayed with Mike full time for 3 years and in November 2018 there was an incident where he had me in a choke hold and I had to hit him to get him to stop since he was actually choking me. He then smashed my head against the wall and threw me to the floor leaving a scar on my forehead from hitting the sharp corner of my bedpost. He convinced me that I had attacked him and that he was defending himself from me. Then in October of 2019 Mike and my stepfather James assaulted me in my room which forced me to defend myself. I put my stepfather in a armlock and told them not to touch me again. They apologized in Front of their friends to look good and a week after the incident they called the police on me saying that I was attacking them and couldn’t stay in the house. I was sent to a youth prison and my mental health deteriorated to a point where I couldn’t function. I was then placed in a group home for 4 months and I went to court against youth protection and Mike and now I’m living with Eli. I have court the 31st of March to give Eli custody of me. Wanted to know what advice you can give me to handle this shit. I’m 16 and I’m tired of carrying this. Help. Please.