Summer 2016 going into 11th grade was the first time i ever heard Travis Scott. before this summer i didnt really listen to hip hop/r&b like i do now. always listened but just what was on the radio. but my friend played bake sale and antidote back to back. i never in my life just got into songs like that. i immediately went home and played the fuck outta those songs and had them on rotation heavy. than my other friend played goosebumps at the end of 2016 when we were in his truck. fell in love with the song (still dont care for that one part of kendricks verse) but still. after that i decided i was gonna listen to all of his music. and at the time, i believe i hadnt even heard 10 full lenght albums. so 2017 was when i heard Owl Pharaoh, Days Before Rodeo, Rodeo & Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight and became a huge fan. being from houston myself hearing a guy like travis blowing up is super cool. hes been my favorite artist for about 3 years now and i dont think anybody is gonna come close to that. ive tried to listen to a bunch of pre owl pharaoh stuff and leaks/snippets too. everything about Travis Scott is the best to me. and my last tattoo of 2019 was his old soundcloud logo. i just had to get something and im glad thats what i got. i hope that he drops an album later this year or maybe early 2021. i wish i could meet him and say thanks for bringing me out of some of the darkest times in my life. something about his music makes me feel a happiness i dont feel when doing anything else or listening to any other artist. i literally couldnt sleep the week astroworld got announced because i was so excited. i dont cry often but before i clicked play i started to cry because of how excited i was to finally hear that album. i was going through some stuff and while i still am to this day, hearing that album made everything okay. nobody could have killed my vibe after that. its weird to say someone means so much to you although they dont know who you are or never will but Travis means so much to me. and hopefully if youve gone through anything his music helped you like it helps me. hes got the best fans and most supportive fans in the world. cant wait for astrofest part 3. thanks for everything.