Just an update on our cancelled trip to Italy (March 29 to April 13) from the US due to the health crisis. I know a lot of you are out a considerable sum of money and I feel for you. But don't give up hope! Keep trying! Hopefully this info will help someone with obtaining refunds or planning for future trips. We did not pay for any cancellation insurance, nor did we pay extra for the "option to cancel", we always took the lowest price option. I refer to this policy as being "self insured". Up until now I have never needed to cancel any trip related reservations, therefore I am ahead in the $ column, so far. Our flights were booked through Expedia on Delta. Expedia sent us an email with a "one-click" option to cancel our flights. Before clicking through I called Delta to check out my options. They confirmed that I needed to cancel through the third party that I purchased the tickets from. However, Delta did confirm that the credit voucher I will receive from Expedia will be a Delta voucher for the full amount of our flights and to use it I will need to call Delta on the phone (can't be used on their website nor a third party website). Also, to my suprise, the Delta rep said that I could book my future flight through Delta even if it is with a different airline!  We have a 3 week trip to Paris already booked for September and we might want to fly from Paris to another location in Europe which Delta does not provide (seeing will be believing). I will post an update when I use my Delta voucher (not sure when I will get it...). Regarding places to stay, we had booked all through Airbnb and [Booking.com](https://Booking.com). The 2 Airbnb reservations were very easy to cancel and we received 100% refunds (good job Airbnb). Two of our [Booking.com](https://Booking.com) reservations had not been paid for and the cancellations were simple. The third [Booking.com](https://Booking.com) reservation had been paid for (to get a cheaper rate) and that one was a little more difficult. At first [Booking.com](https://Booking.com) notified us that it was up to the facility to agree to a refund, which they wouldn't. But as we got closer to departure time [Booking.com](https://Booking.com) notified us that we would get a 100% refund. We did receive the credit on our cc(credit card) but it was approximately $8 less than we paid. That difference might be a currency swing (we booked in Euros but paid in US dollars). We had also paid for a car rental for part of the trip through Maggiore (part of Avis) and they were quick to authorize a full refund (supposed to arrive in 30/60 days).  We had pre-booked two train trips (Rome/Bari and back) via Trenitalia. Their website has an option to cancel the reservation and request a refund. A few days after I cancelled I received an email from them that one of my trains was actually cancelled by them. I am waiting for them to notify me that I am getting a full refund, nothing yet. I had also booked a tour of the Colosseum on the official website. Their website has a news item stating that they haven't made a decision yet on whether there will be any refunds. Normally they do not give refunds under any conditions. Lastly, I had ordered a UK THREE SIM card from [www.tsim.mobi](https://www.tsim.mobi) (a reseller). I sent them an email a few days ago asking if I could use the SIM card in September instead of on the cancelled trip. In error, they activated the SIM card even though I told them the trip was cancelled. In response, they apologized and will send me a new one free of charge for my September trip(nice of them). So it looks like I am getting credits/refunds for everything except the Colosseum tour (keeping my fingers crossed on this one).