Right so I’m writing this right now during my 3rd ever high looool! So the first time I touched weed was last year! I did a very strong brownie to myself and holy fuck... so to say it was the worst experience of my life is an understatement! The only way I could describe it was that I was jumping out of parallel universes, the same things would happen seemingly over and over but time was still going linear?? So Id kind of transition through the night eventually but feel like I was repeating parts over and over but slightly different... I was totally confused what was actually reality, what was in my head, is it a memory or thought? Fuck knows. My senses were also all over the place! Couldn’t tell what I was touching, seeing, hearing, smelling! They all just happened at separately & in random orders. It made me so anxious and paranoid too! Didn’t know what I was doing, what people were saying or doing! Always thinking people are probably laughing at me!! It got to the unfortunate point that I convinced myself I had died and was relaying my last few hours memories in some really random orders! I saw paramedics come in and try restarting my heart, saw me laying in my coffin with my mum and sister looking over crying at my funeral and feeling a massive amount of regret and disappointment in myself bc I thought I’d died and be remembered as some druggy student! So I finally wake up in the morning and just thought I was dead and this was another memory! After sitting around for about 3 hours that morning... finally realised I was alive! So for some stupid reason, two weeks later I tried them again! This time only had a quarter! We were all watching blue planet and I remember just suddenly feeling high and regretting it completely! Firstly the waves sounded like they were in my head and then like I was on the beach! Starting tripping my balls off again and a few other students came in while we were fucked and we were all uncomfortable with it bc we were paranoid so most of my guys left but me and one of my room mates were too fucked to move! I could’ve sworn I was acting like a seagull and pretending to glide across the sky while they all laughed at me! But apparently I was asleep the whole time (2/3 hours) ahaha! I also thought I heard someone being sick and someone saying they were calling them an ambulance so I freaked out thinking the police were gonna arrest us... apparently they were all in bed sleeping! So come to a year later (today), my room mates are going home early for this coronaVirus so we thought we’d have a smoke to say goodbye- apparently brownies are a lot worse and you can’t get too fucked on a joint... but how wrong! Felt the exact same as the first time! Proper freaking out and not having a clue what’s going on and what’s reality etc! Felt like I was popping in and out different realities! When I started to come round a lot (after about an hour) I googled why I couldn’t work out what was going out! Soooo... turns out weed can effect some people ability to form new memories and/or store them! So turns out I was doing stuff then being confused bc I couldn’t remember or process what I was actually doing! My senses were also all over the place and couldn’t focus more than one at a time! But my memory was so screwed that the time I thought about what I was looking at/where I was I’d forget that I was listening to music so I’d think about that and then forget where I was or what I was touching again!!! It did feel like I was in alternate timelines doing different things but apparently it was my memory tricking me! To be able to feel an object or myself, I’d have to really think about it and squeeze for 5-10 seconds but then soon forget what or why I was doing it😅 a good example, I would feel sick and then think about being sick but then wondering if I had actually been sick and just forgot it! Then I would remember I felt sick and would’ve forgot I hadn’t been sick and already thought about it so go through the process again! It doesn’t make any sense at all I know and I’ve explained it awfully bc I’m high😂