So I used to always make my own edibles and I still do sometimes. I made batches of chocolate brownies with frosting and made plenty of firecrackers daily for years for myself with organic peanut butter and nutella to the point where I had become like a robot on a factory assembly line preheating the oven and laying the layers and the bud wrapping the foil by the time the oven was preheated. I was ambitious and for no real reason, I didn't have a dispensary of customers I didn't need to eat ten edibles in a day but I would make a dozen to two dozen individually wrapped firecrackers from start to finish in one continuous flow until I was done and popped them all in the freezer and I'd  keep them all to myself and make more before I'd make a dent in the number I had so I was stocking up my freezer. When I made brownies I'd cut them 4x4 making 16 individual brownies with 8 grams a batch so each brownie would have half a gram each. When I made butter or oil eventually I ditched the trying pan and years before it was mainstream or popular I'd invested in a magical butter and made countless batches of weed infused olive oil, coconut oil and butter making all sorts of food to shoot you into space. Highburgers, durrrritos, Rasta pasta, chicken and veggies scrambled eggs whatever . If there was food you would eat normally I'd normally be adding weed to it or using some kind of oil or butter to cook it with. So my problem is when I started making edibles a general rule of thumb i learned from reading up on the subject was one dose no matter what the type of food was going to be was always supposed to be 0.5  grams or half of one gram. Every time you'd have an edible you should have at least half a gram in it to get sufficiently baked or stoned any less and it just wouldn't really work. So now that edibles are being marketed in gummies and the thx content is measured in milligrams or mg's people are recommending 1 mg of thc 2 mg ,  5mg, 10mg . So I wasn't clear how you calculate by milligram and found out that you multiply the weight by the number the thc percentage content of that strain holds so for example 1 gram of a 20% thc strain would be  20% of 1 or 1 x 0.2 which equals 200milligrams but if that's true that means for years I would be taking 100mg of thc in every half a gram individual dose I'd ration out and I hear that people are suggesting to start with 1 milligrams of thc or 2 or 5 and people saying 5 mg of thc can be overwhelming and uncomfortable and saying that 10 mg and up is very unpleasant or scary but how can this math be right because I was getting good strains of weed to make edibles with like girl scout cookies, og Kush, purple Kush and how could half a gram hold 100 mg and that felt like the minimum for me to feel the full effect and still be very comfortable and very relaxed and pleasant and people are saying one tiny hundredth of that is what you should start with ? if I'd eaten one hundredth of a brownie I wouldn't have felt jack shit let alone jack herrer.  How can people be saying to take caution at 5-10 mg thc when that should be one twentieth to one tenth of the minimum I'd need to actually feel "baked" like full on Seth rogen laughter other wise I'd just be a little buzzed maybe but not even stoned? Is this what people are going for with 2-5mg thc? Can someone who has experience with mg doses "weigh in" here? I don't get these milligram guidelines