When me and my pals first started smoking we would go to our “spot”, toke up, and go on an adventure. We smoked some Lemon Haze that day, one of my favorite strains to this day. A usual spot we’d head to were these abandoned train station type buildings. The way they were laid out was there was this one small one that was closer to our town then two small ones and a huge one farther out. We always went to the smaller one first because there was this top section you could climb up to with a rope, we’d just chill up there for a while, I remember one time I brought my Nintendo Switch up there and we played Mario Kart. Anyways, we climbed up to the top of that building and were hangin’ out until we saw a van ride past on the trail. Being spooked we dipped but got split up in the process. Me and my one friend, we’ll call him Thad, were going towards the rest of the buildings. We had no idea where the other two were. Eventually one of them called me and said he had lost his phone :| he rifled through his bag and yelled something about a pink dildo. I asked him where they went and they were on their way back to my house, the complete opposite direction! At this point me and Thad were getting to the rest of the buildings. As we were walking over a fucking bald eagle swoops down and scares the piss out of us, we stared at that for a while then continued onward. We walked up to the big building and entered it’s bricky mess. We spent most of the time walking through eerie silence. As we approached the top floors we hear a unfamiliar ring tone go off. Me and Thad give each other that look of what the fuck. Then we start to hear a bunch of shuffling on the floor above us. Let me remind you, it was dead silent walking through until now. So we start running back down, and they start fucking running down behind us! So we’re running for our dear lives at this point and we finally make it out of the building. We run down the trail and see our two friends walking towards us. I signal them to turn around and they’re like “huh”. So we catch up to them and are like, “fuckin there’s dudes” and we look behind us and they’re hopping on four-wheelers and dirt bikes that we somehow didn’t see walking up. We then ran up a hill to the road so the scary dirt bike train station men couldn’t hurt us. Looking back I think they may have been running cause we started running and we freaked ourselves out. Still a fun story though, my friends love telling it lol. Stay safe out there stoners!