So for about a year and a half I’ve been smoking bud and it’s never been an issue, started out smoking pretty mid ass weed and then moved on to exotic and top shelf and always enjoyed my highs. I’d smoke socially or even by myself. Even for a short amount of time smoked oils too. But recently less than a month ago i started to get really out of breath and feel my heart race i thought it was not normal but your heart is suppose to beat quicker when u smoke anyways. I just was more aware of it. I’d feel tightness in my left side of my chest where my heart is and it just would make me think i prob had something wrong going on. After my highs would pass I’d get a headache that’d last for a bit of a while and then that’s it. I was such a avid pothead I’d smoke maybe at most 2-3 times in a day or sometimes just once but socially with at least another person too at times. I had to see my doctor and even told her I smoke weed and she told me smoking weed doesn’t affect the heart the way i believed it did and that I’m fine it has nothing to do with what i was feeling. They checked my blood, sent me to a cardiologist to do consulate with me and i was fine. Did stress tests on me and found nothing, EKG on me and found nothing, lastly they did an Ultrasound on my heart to see my heart muscles and it was all fine, they tried everything they even put a heart monitor on me for a few days which i smoked during and recorded when i felt anything. After sitting with my cardiologist to review the monitor and how many times i recorded the symptoms i felt they saw nothing wrong with me. Lungs were even clean as well when they checked my breathing . I don’t wanna officially quit i told myself I’d try going a month just to flush out the THC from my system but i only made 2 full weeks until my boys came over my house and lit up 3 and put it in a rotation of 5 people. I felt nothing with my heart but after a dull pain pressure headache in the back of my head lower neck. Fast forward a week later i smoked with my 2 of my friends and sort of felt it again not as bad though. Went 3 more weeks without it fast forward to now 2 days ago and i took edibles and after my high passed i felt the heart tightness it went away and then it kind of came back the next day and today just a minor strained tired feeling still. Idk if it’s cause i had gone a lil while without smoking but i know there’s people who smoke way more than i do. Can someone tell me if i go on a full month break or even maybe 3 months, will my body reset the THC tolerance level and I’ll be able to smoke normally at a calm rate again? I’m afraid it’s something that can’t be detected and i don’t want to keep thinking negative about this