I've  always had an urge to pick stuff since I was little, picking nose, skin, scabs, paint off walls etc.. but that's pretty normal stuff for a little kid to do. I've been picking my hair for a few years now, around 5 ish years if I can remember. It started with my eyelashes and then my eyebrows and body hair ( haven't done it to my head thankfully ) it was pretty unoticable at first and I didn't do it often so I saw it as a small bad habit that would go away eventually , but recently around a year or two ago it started becoming more severe and more apparent. What started as picking a bit at my eyelashes spread to so much more of my body especially my eyebrows. Right now I have some scars on my belly since I pick there alot, I also have half the bottom row of my eyelashes gone and a huge bald spots on each of my eyebrows like someone ran a razor to shave them off. I fill them in everyday even before going to bed just because I hate seeing them first thing in the morning or I'm scared my parents will see how much of my eyebrows are really gone. Sometimes I pick without realizing but most of the time I do it because I feel this weird and almost painful sensation like needles pricking my skin or something crawling underneath and it's hard to focus on anything until I pick out the hair that's causing all this pain. I also get drawn to picking out "imperfect hair" hair that's really course and dark, hair that's really long compared to others or a hair that's starting to grow out (stubble) I tried alot of things like cutting my nails, wrapping stuff on my brows, I even have a tracker to track when I pick ( I mostly do it while lying in bed) but it's only getting worse and the bald spots are getting bigger and bigger. I end up feeling really guilty and I beat myself up alot for not being able to stop this. Sometimes I get really frustrated in the fact that I essentially have a “ perfect privileged life” but I have a locking problem for no reason. I mostly saw this as just a bad habit that I could eventually control if I keep trying. My parents know that I pick and they're supportive but they get so worried and worked up about it ( rightfully so though) that I just keep hiding it from them since seeing them get stressed or cry because of this just makes me feel even worse about the situation and I keep believing if I try hard enough I can fix it on my own. I went to my school councelor and she told me that its just a bad habit and gave me some suggestions which were nice, I was hoping to go to more sessions but then COVID-19 happened and the hair picking is back. Any advice on what’s exactly happening? I did some research a found some people who do this have trich but I don’t want to self diagnose and I still feel like it’s just a bad habit. I don't understand why I'm picking and why I find it so enjoyable, I want it to stop but at the same time I don't which makes it even harder to control the desire to pick.