Hi yall! So this trip changed my life, it happened early october 2017 when i was freshly 19. I believe it was just one day that i had to myself so i dropped probably just 200 mcg, a single tab of my usual acid at the time. I decided to work on a huge oil painting, i had myself trained to draw and paint pretty well while tripping and it was my favorite activity. i felt myself starting to come down slightly after painting and listening to music for many many hours, so i decided to smoke, BIG MISTAKE :). I cleared a full bowl (dunno what strain) from my bong in probably 4 tokes as i was a massive smoker. all my previous nasty trips were caused by smoking weed which made me paranoid and anxious, but i didn't learn my lesson and wouldn't for a long time. Anyways. So immediately after smoking i had to piss and i thought to myself id just keep painting when i got back. I pissed, the bathroom seemed alot more green than usual, i noticed every speck of dirt and patterns in the black mold. my piss also looked green. i quickly went back into my room, and it was a completely different environment from before. the colors were all suddenly purple and green, sinister for some reason. it felt dark but i know for a fact it was light outside since my windows were open for the paint fumes. i sat on my bed and stared at my painting, it was a rlly trippy demon face snarling, ill post if ppl want to see. for some reason it was tripping me out now, even though it had about 15 hours of work on it already and i paint horror stuff all the time...I lit some incense and tried to relax. some ash fell on my black pillow and thats when shit went south. the pattern the incense made looked like a grey moth, i didnt realize it was ash at first and it looked like a ghost moth, i looked around and all i saw were ghosts of insects coming into my room. i realized it was ash when i touched it and then beat it out of the fabric but the feeling remained. at some point i stood up for some reason, i was getting extremely scared and i felt like something was coming for me. I think i closed the windows and pulled the curtains, the dark makes me less anxious and maybe i wanted to try to sleep or something? not sure. but i ended up shuffling around my room, moving things, putting up paints, cleaning. Then something hit me, the thing i felt was coming for me? it was suddenly here, in my room. my eye caught this foot long centipede halloween toy/decoration i got from target a few years back (named Luther) and thats exactly the form it took, it somewhat was inside the toy but it was mostly all around me. my vision kind of went fishbowl if anyone else has experienced that? it was like i was seeing from the top of my head, looking at my room from the direction of my window, the walls curves around me weirdly like i was in a bubble. And this thing manifested in my head, it was this infinitely long black centipede, each section of it's body was a different human soul that it had taken to become a part of itself, it was a literal harvester of souls and it was there for me. it sort of spoke to me in my head without words, it was there because i was lonely, it was offering for me to become a part of a whole. i have never ever been so fucking terrified in my life since then, it felt so evil and real to me. I also felt like it was some sort of karma demon? like the consequences of my past lives attracted it to me? and then i felt a weird sort of other presence that took over me, i got the sense it was a grandmother figure possibly connected to my childhood dog who had recently died. ((rip April, she lived to be 16, had a great life)) All of the sudden i lost control over my body even though my brain was paralyzed in fear, i grabbed this old white woven blanket from my bed and wrapped the toy in it like a funeral shroud and put it in the right most corner of my room next to my closet. No fucking idea why, it would have been so weird for someone to watch me do haha. But as soon as i did that, i was able to think, NO! Please fucking go away i dont want to join you whatever the fuck you are. And then it fucking went away! i felt it leave the room, i was still scared as fuck mind you. my normal acid vision returned, i opened my curtians back up and sat on my bed again. i opened my laptop and tried to watch music videos to distract myself. it didnt work. i tried to listen to my fav music, i remember specifically listening to Just Another Day by Oingo Boingo because i thought it would help me. it didnt! So my last resort to calm down was to get out my sketchbook and try to draw. that same thing happened though where i suddenly had no control over my body at all. i started to draw in a really weird way that i never have before or done since. again i can post this drawing if people want to see. I started with the wings and ended at the head of this bug thing, which i would usually always start with the head of something. (more fucking bugs) And then i started writing that i used to be a japanese man who liked bugs. i do believe in past lives, and i guess that was my most recent one, whatever though, it didnt make me feel any better. i kept writing nonsense for a while untill my parents came home. they knew fully of my drug use and didnt care, used to do lsd in college. anyway i felt completely whacked the rest of the night untill i finally fell asleep. I have no memory from the next day, and i continued to have alot of disassociation and bad mental health issues after that for a really long time. I continued to write weird shit unconsciously when i got high for about a year after, poems and ramblings and such. My good trips got more and more spread out and i kept having awful comedowns. i stopped doing lsd september 2018 and stopped smoking pot around the same time in 2019. Now im on anti-psychotics. i want to do shrooms or acid again some day to get some sort of closure with that state of mind and experience it in a healthy way since my life has significantly gotten better. i was in a super super dark place back when this trip happened, lots of unhealthy relationships, super depressed, ext. basically dont do acid if your depressed or you may experience Enhanced Sadness. lol, thanks for reading