Whooo my phone gets big and small and feels like rubber  as I lay here the same picture keep going by ridiculousness is on I feel like I’m floating in clouds and I have to reallly think about  human or I forget I am. One. I lay here and all most can’t describe it im in  a ablisss I feel nothing as is i can see everyone in my house and I’m. Just existing they can’t see me my phone feels like it’s bent and formed to my hands I was completely  dislocated from. Life but I didn’t worry I didn’t even think it’s weird I feel like I’m just floating around not as if im a blob and I’ll. Super heavy melting into the couch and can’t move like if I’m watching. Reality from a outside realm I wish something would awaken me so I could figure my life out as I lay here I close my eyes and use speak to txt to distribute my thoughts on my research when I close my eyes I feel as if I. Was just floating and non existent I don’t feel happy but i don’t feel sad I feel nothing just likes another peice floating in the abiss reality is clear to me. I couldn’t see it but it’s as if I was desensitized and it’s non important only things I feel is my teeth sore like if I could pull them. Out easily it’s liken the skin on my face is being pulled into my skull but I like it this dose was 20mg iv and for about a hour reality was  nonexistent but at the same time I was aware im in reality and if anyone seen they would know but the worry or care isn’t. As I come  back to my senses I just think about going back even tho I still can’t walk. Probably couldn’t. Holden’s. Conversation and can’t even see straight everything is extra extra wonky  and my body feels tired  I  just wanna iv 20mg more and go back to the land of no feeling but I know I can’t you can’t run. From your feelings  or fear  so I lay here thinking anoint what’s on my mind. And. How incredibly strong and euphoria overload this dck is ive done every drug. Or substance you  can iv and this has made them alll seem basic and the amazing new crystal batch I recommend stock piling it because it must be from. God to be so amazing  any worry or thought in your head will be gone and you to will be floating in the sky