I’m writing this because I have made it my entire life goal to make sure people didn’t go through what I’ve had to go through.. I am crying while writing which mean a lot since I got sent to a wilderness camp when I was 15 and I am now 27.. I am begging you I am pleading you with tears coming down my eyes please do not send your teens to any kind of wilderness program or any type of program at all.. I was lucky about one thing and that was not being send to a boarding school after but all the girls I was with there did end up going to a boarding school and not one of those girls including myself is okay.. and this was 2009 for me my experience there was absolutely terrible in so many ways that are a little to personal I’m not ready to share yet I can’t tell you one of the girls I was there with actually got raped by one of the counselors.. and they still kept her there and made her stay they way the treat you is sickening and it makes you ended up with more problems.. physical and mental problems.. physically my back is so bad where I was already supposed to have 2 surgeries one at 17 years old but what they were suggesting to do I just couldn’t do it I ended up with anxiety depression PTA’s substance abuse(mind you I had no substance abuse before being sent to that camp) it got so bad I was cutting myself trying to kill myself started doing drugs and ended up in jail for it when I was 25... like I said I got sent to that camp at 15... it effected me sooo badly where ten years later I ended up in jail and if that doesn’t speak enough volume idk what will me and my parents (the ones that sent me there) are still not okay I have so much hurt anger sadness and so much resentment towards them where it’s been more then 10 years and I still don’t want anything to do with them so if you want your child to end up like this (me and every girl I was there with) then yeah go ahead send them but if you really want to fix what’s going on you need to look at yourself as a parent in the mirror and see what you are doing wrong you can’t control another human being yes they might be your children but they are also their own person what I’m trying to say is if you send them you can say goodbye to them forever (weather it be they cut you out of their life or end up dead and I’m not  Exaggerating ) please look at yourself first and please realize these teens are also people you can’t force them to be who you want them to be that’s selfish and bad parenting.