In I believe 2005 I was hanging out at my buddies house with my 2 best friends at the time. I planned on sleeping over that night but for whatever reason I decided to call it a night and go home early. That’s what makes this story crazy. I was planning on sleeping over. No one knew I was going to be walking home to my house. That will make more sense in a minute. So I began walking home and shortly after walking , I noticed what appeared to be a 2 liter bottle of soda, full and unopened. It was standing upright on the sidewalk more toward the curb and I got the urge to kick it over and I did just that. I continued walking home and to my surprise there was another 2 liter bottle of soda and I did the same thing I ran up to it and booted it over and continued walking home. As I was walking .... what the hell? Another bottle!!! I kicked it over and kept going. This happened all the way home as if someone planned it out! I thought it was a coincidence until I turned onto my street and there was another one!! But how? Who was doing this ? I was supposed to be sleeping over my buddies house? If I did In fact sleep over, would those bottles still be there? The story gets even creepier! When I got home I went on my computer and signed into my AIM, remember AIM? Lol. So I signed on and all of a sudden I got a message from a screen name I never saw before, I can’t remember exactly but I think it was John Conseni, a name, an Italian last name. I’m like 90 percent sure that that was the name. It was a weird screen name because it was just a first and last name. He messages me and says, You ruined everything!!! You shook the bottle!! Now I’m freaking out! Who is this? Why would they set up soda bottles on my way home? How did they know my screen name! What is going on?! I demanded they tell me who they are but they signed off and I never heard back from them again. I was so confused and shaken up I began to cry. When I got my composure I thought to myself, no one is gonna believe me! Then it dawned on me.. go get the soda bottles for proof! I ran out and retraced my steps and all the soda bottles were gone!! I called all my friends asking them if any of them played a prank on me and I told them the story and they all thought I was nuts. Even til this day I ask them if any of them did it thinking over time they would get bored of the prank and admit to it but no one ever did and I believe that it wasn’t any of my friends. And like I mentioned before, no one knew I was at my buddies house and no one knew that I would be going home from there so how the hell did that happen !?! This has been driving me crazy for the last 15 years... it’s absolutely bizarre and absurd. And it is apparent that I will never understand why that happened or who did it.