So a little backstory before I begin. I'm 16. I have two brothers. One is 15 and the other is 13. At the time of this story I was in 8th grade so take 3 years away from our current ages. Anyways we were all walking to the store and I was waiting at the opening of an alley watching my brothers and their smaller friend who was a 6th grader at the time, go into our local liquor store. They were buying candy. My brother who is 1 year younger than me said there was a guy in there talking to the cashier saying he hated kids. He said the guy kind of resembled a cholo. Wife beater with long shorts, tattoos, and a bald head. He also resembled hispanic descent. My brothers friend then proceeds to ask, "what?". The guy then turns around and says shut up I'm not talking to you, or something like that. My brothers just brush it off until they get out of the store with their candy. When they meet me at the opening of the alley they tell me all of this and as they do the guy walks out and gets into his car and my idiotic self had the bright idea to flip him off. Wrong move. The guy turns his car around and speeds towards the opening of the alley and my brothers friend is already at the other end of the alley behind us running around the corner onto the next street. My youngest brother hides under a car and the brother that is a year younger than me hides between this chain link fence and a shed that's facing the guy so he can't see him. There's obviously enough room for me to fit in there so I go in but he pushes me out and says I can't fit. As I'm pushed out back into the alleu you guessed it. The guy is right there in his car yelling and asking where all those little runts went. I tell him I don't know and he asks me where they live. I stupidly out of being scared for my life tell him my address and the guy says, "alright thanks buddy". As if I didn't flip him off to begin with so I'm pretty sure he didn't see me. Cut to 10 minutes later and my brothers and I all ran back to our house to tell our parents and neighbors. The guy shows up across the street about 5 minutes later and is talking with the neighbor across the street while eyeballing us. Finally, he speeds off after 5 minutes of chatting with the neighbor across the street. We were afraid to go outside after that for about a week