This is the story about a chameleon who survives by lying.  Stealth is the best friend of the chameleon, whenever when he is in trouble, he blends in with the situation whatever time maybe.   One day he meets a group of chameleons who is trying to befriend him, he loves the idea of having friends for his benefit but sadly his nature cannot allow it.   For he is ashamed of what he had become. He was never like this, he wants to be in genuine friendship and relationship but his nature can't allow it.   So whenever he was around with the others, he blends in by imitating their color instead of being true to his true self, every time he is in that situation, he learns to lie to others and eventually, he believes the lies that he is saying.  Then one interesting evening, he met this one wonderful and interesting chameleon who he felt in love too. But again his nature can't allow him to be normal  For he may be in love but he realizes that he cannot be trusted, but he tries his best to be honest and true to this feeling.  He tried everything for her, to be with her in times of troubles, comfort her when she needed the most, and gave her sentimental things to remind her that he loves her so much.  But nature got the best of him that his special someone can't help but notices his ways. She's in denial about it at first but in the end, she didn't trust him anymore.  Now the chameleon got his heart broke for the love of his life can't trust him on his words and was left a void on his heart that can't be filled by anything or anyone.  The chameleon learned a valuable lesson that he will never forget. Trust is never entitled to you, but it is earned by being true to oneself. All the unforgiveness that the chameleon develops all those years has become a parasite to him that controls his life unpleasantly. Chameleon's self-defense is to blend through his surroundings, but does the chameleon thought all those times he has been hiding in many situations resulting in him to be that way? Why do they ignore me for who I am? Why do they doubt me? Why his truths were never been believed by the persons who he truly loved?  It saddens and broken the chameleon's heart, but it strikes him to be a better person. It may be hard to change, it may take some time to be whole again but he'll do it do the person who will he love next. Honesty is always been his weakness but little by little, he can be the person he wanted to be in the first place.