I'm walking into the bathroom checking my surroundings on the way. "Ok I'm good" I think to myself while inspecting for other guys on their way to the bathroom. A big sense of relief comes over me. The anxiety builds while I enter the bathroom I hope it's empty so I can piss in the urinal and be on my way while gaining some pride about my achievement. I turn the corner and it's a very busy restroom I'm overcome with anxiety and stress because Im in line for the urinals. I have to piss so bad and now it's my turn. I step up thanking God that they have dividers between them. Okay I  think to myself while fumbling trying to find the tip of my penis. I find it as soon as I'm sweating from nerves. My penis is tucked away like a turtle in a shell and I place my fingertips around the base of my circumcised skin pushing back my skin and pubes, revealing the tip of my penis. Now I know it's time for the scariest part, I try to relax to form a stream. I know that if I can just get out a little stream I'll be good. Okay I say to myself you're here and ready to piss. So I try to push some out and notjing. You can hear all the men walk up, relieve there bladder and leave. Now I feel like I'm taking to long, I scan the area and all the guys are spraying the urinal with their stream and you can hear it but from my little penis in my little stall nothing but silence and me hoping I can get the stream going. I stand and try until every last guy I was in line has finished at the urinal. I just stand their in my shame and dissappoiuntment that I still am not man enough to piss. I act as if I did piss just to comfort my spirit before I walk out the bathroom upset with myself because I embarrassed myself in the bathroom and knowing that my bladders about to explode any minute.. so I try to finish up as. Fast as I can because I'm still sweating from the anxiety caused by being unable to use a urinal with anyone else in the bathroom and also the anxiety of having to piss so bad it hurts. I have this problem anytime anyone is close enough to hear me relieve myself. Please if you have advise or understand PM. I'm so embarrassed because this happens anytime I can't sit on a toilet seat to pee like  a woman.