On Easter, I got a 50$ PSN card from my parents, and on thinking about what to buy, I noticed Dark Souls 3 with the season pass is right at my price range. I told my friend about this and he said I may not be good at Dark Souls and to get The Outer Worlds. I said alright, so i bought it, I wanted to try it anyway as it was praised to high hell at launch. I (attempt to) create a melee character like I do in Fallout, and after a couple hours I start to regret this. Ignoring the fact the story is fairly uninteresting and the quests are boring as hell, combat sucks ass. I've seen a lot online about how this game is a cakewalk, but I don't see it. Playing on normal, I'm doing no damage. I checked and realized that increasing melee skill aside from the small perk-like bonuses you get every 20 skill levels just increases crit chance. But you need intelligence for crit to mean anything, but I sacrificed intelligence for strength and dexterity. Am I just a dumbass for not knowing how to create a character, or by assuming that melee doesn't require a stat usually used for crafting or speech checks to do damage? I die incredibly fast while having a good block skill and decent armor, so my defense being high doesn't help me. Melee v. melee combat is pretty fun though, I'll give the game that. Perks also either give small boosts to unconventional stats or good boosts to stats under specific conditions. It's hard to believe the people who made Fallout New Vegas made perks as boring as this. Dodging is hilariously bad, as if you dodge a melee attack as they're swinging, they'll track you and hit you like if you dodged a guard break in For Honor. What makes all this way worse is how I passed Dark Souls for this. It's even sadder my friend told me I'd be bad at Dark Souls when he knows how good I was at melee combat in other games. I wanted a refund, but I soon realized Sony's refund system is pretty much for accidental purchases, as if you even start downloading the game you're not qualified. That's the end of my rant, I hope y'all enjoyed it.