When I was 16 I wanted to have a romantic relationship because I didn’t believe I could complete much without that. I was so delusional that I had thought one of the best looking girls in the school would go into a relationship with me when I told her I had a crush on her and back then I was a weak beta with an ugly face no money or income. My thoughts of getting that relationship didn’t work and 3 months after telling her I had a crush on her she left the state. my next course of action was too find someone else. I got to message this girl 13 miles away and agreed to eat fast food together if I drove over there. We ate and were both too shy to do anything that we sat 3 feet away from each other the entire 2 hours of getting food. As awkward as it was after I drove back home she said she wanted me to be her boyfriend. So for a few days we played video games over Xbox live and planned to go on a date days after. It was a nice week but two days before our date where we planned to hug and maybe even kiss she had to break up with me because I just wasn’t worth anything showing no potential to ever be anything more than a cart pusher. That left me very sad because I knew it was true but I just had this feeling that if I had romantic experiences in my life I’d be motivated to do better. After that I would get really angry at that fact and have daily screaming till my throat couldn’t make sounds for the day. I told my mother that I am disgusted about how I had been rejected for a romantic relationship.  It took me over 1 year to start not caring about that breakup and I only got over it because I finally accepted That I would only be a burden in a relationship. Which I accepted that just 2 weeks after getting a cart pushing job at a different store for more hours of the week. I never agreed with the incels they don’t take enough responsibility and have pretty dumb thoughts. I believe it is because I do not ever want to have adult only actions better known as S3X because I find that disgusting. However if I did have those desires I might have been one of those people but I made it out ok. Got a nice friend who I get to ease my boredom with. I’m all good. Please let me know if I got the maximum score on completing the course if going through truly forced loneliness.