So quickly a bit about myself, I'm a 19-year-old guy, I am 6'0 and a whopping 260lbs. I don't remember a time where I didn't struggle with my weight. But as of the past couple of years, I have been struggling greatly with the way I look and feel about myself. Every couple of weeks or so I break down into tears thinking about how I feel about myself, not a day goes by where I feel uncomfortable in my own skin. During these breakdowns, I think about how much I struggle with myself, how I hate how clothes that once used to be my favorite no longer fit me, and how I struggle to shop at stores I used to love. This usually results in me swearing off my unhealthy diet and making a plan to start exercising because I hate feeling the way I do. Then the next morning that all gets thrown out the window when I see whatever sugary snack is waiting for me in my pantry. The cycle continues over and over again, I breakdown, I make a plan, then said plan is thrown out the window. In between my breakdowns, I have little to no motivation to change the way I eat and to start exercising right but at the same time, I also can't stop thinking about how I hate feeling my double chin getting bigger or having to pull my shirt from my chest to untuck it from and lumps and bumps. I've tried to channel this frustration into becoming my motivation, and it works for less than a week, I go to the gym and work out, and I TRY to change my diet but I've found it so hard to try and switch how I eat. It feels physically impossible to resist any temptation of food and this is what I've struggled with the most especially during this covid-19 situation. Tonight again I found myself sobbing into my boyfriend's (who is amazing when I feel like this and has somewhat helped to get me out of the house even though my stubbornness rarely lets him succeed) arms about what I have been feeling and I don't know what to do anymore. I just want to break free of this cycle and actually grow to be comfortable in my own skin. So I look to you guys for some advice what the hell should I do.