I’m sick and tired of Black Lives Matter. Call me racist, call me hateful, call me whatever you want, you’re wrong. I’ve tried to sympathize with the movement, but everyone who is “with” them has told me that because I’m not black, (I’m not white either, before you jump down my throat) they wouldn’t care in the least if the police beat me to death. I’ve been told that even if I was at a protest with them, if I got beaten and/or arrested after doing nothing wrong, they wouldn’t lift a finger to help me either in the moment or afterwards, I’d be completely on my own. How is that supposed to embody this idea of equality is a mystery to me. I’ve been harassed throughout my life being told to “go back to my country” when I was born on american soil and lived here my whole life. I’ve been put on the hood of my car because of my last name once they read my driver’s license. But then, because of the region my family comes from, we tend to be lighter skinned, so then people tell me “oh you don’t count, you’re basically just white”. Idiots. I’ve had people correctly guess on the first try where my family comes from just by looking at me. There’s so much more than just what swatch is closest to your skin, and just because you’re black, doesn’t mean you have the right to invalidate or ignore the struggles of anyone else, including white people, because guess what, police kill them too and they get anxious when they see a cop car drive by too. No citizen is safe from a militarized police force and until people stop trying to divide themselves by race and disregard the health and safety of everyone else, we’ll never get a single step closer to equality. People want to make the problem all about them they want to focus on race and color when the problem is a police force that are a bunch of military wanna-be criminals that are taught that “it’s us versus them out there. I can’t support anyone who is okay with treating people differently just based on whether they’re dark enough to count as a person. I can’t support a movement that is inherently discriminatory and racist, I can’t support someone who could watch me get beaten to death and say “Eh, not our problem” and that is why I cannot, and will not, support BLM.