This is the current status of tourism in Quintana Roo as of June 3 based on my observations. 1) Covid-19 continues to spread with Mexico City being the epicenter. Nationally, there are over 100,000 cases and in excess of 10,000 deaths and that is with very limited testing. This is clearly not over. The risk of contagion still very much exists. 2) Restrictions will begin to slowly be lifted  starting June 8-10. State Governor Carlos Joaquin announced yesterday, that the focus of tourism initially, will be on Mexican citizens only traveling to this area. US and Canadian citizens will be encouraged to return, but in the Winter and not now. 3) Services will begin to reopen but in very limited fashion based on the risk level and the color coded "traffic light" system. Some restaurant  owners in Tulum were advised on Monday that they could reopen on June 8, but with No Alcohol. This despite the fact that they hold active liquor licenses. 4) Many hotels will not reopen until July or later but with nothing official announced. Hotel owners realize that it will be more expensive to reopen with little or no business, than to remain closed. 5) The US/Mexico border is still closed to all "non-essential" land travel 6) Some airline travelers to the area are experiencing disruption in airline schedules. Some are experiencing delays, cancellation and rescheduling of arrival and departure times. There is some disruption. YMMV. 7) Ground transportation remains inconsistent. In many cases, the combis are not running. The ADO buses are running but on reduced schedules. There is still taxi service but reduced in some areas. 8) Current models indicate that the projected seaweed levels will be far less than previous years, however resources remain on alert. That's a spot of good news! 9) Many tour operators are not running and no idea when they will resume. 10) The Summer Monsoon/Storm season is projected to be more active this year. It is already off to an early start with heavy rains the last 3 days in the State of the  Yucatan, with Tropical Storm Cristobal. Future activity anyone's guess. Living in Tulum, my personal conclusion in the near term travel to this area NOT recommended. It is too unstable. Things will likely, however become clearer and more stable over the course of the coming days and weeks ahead.