My male Yellow Bellied Slider, who was abused by his first owner severely, has according to his vet seen more significant improvement. His pyramids have gone down drastically. He almost could have passed for Bowser in the Super Mario game. His previous owner basically only gave him bugs every three weeks. That was it. Not even repti-sticks. Most nights his poop was his dinner. The guy assumed the turtle were like his snake. The stupid ass even said he once drunkenly tried to feed groot a mouse. Two years ago Groot had almost no muscle mass and has been getting treatment for severe metabolic bone disease that developed as a result of his starvation. He also developed a sort of turtle anorexic disorder before I got him. I had and still have to teach him what to eat. The only thing the stubborn boy took to eating right away and frankly at all the first year was bugs, kale, and fish. He was already almost 2 years old. About a year ago we switched to only using live fish and bugs for his protein when he started getting to be normal strength and moving around without issues. That has kept him moving and getting a lot more exercise than he was before. He was also put on some multivitamin powders for the first year I had him to get some variety that he would usually ignore with it on his food. It really took him about two months to eat with the multivitamin powder on the kale and bugs. About 8 months ago I got him to eat shredded carrots for the first time (now his favorite). Basically had to make them look like goldfish fins in the water. Then 6 months was when he finally touched zucchini (covered in shredded carrots and kale), and October was his first pumpkin and squash.Now today after trying every other day for a month he finally ate his first sweet potato, and he is loving it. He is even ignoring the 9 inch big Plako eating algae off of his shell while he is eating. He hates that, but could care less right now. Slowly but surely getting to a normal turtle diet. The vet is also giving the okay to stop his medicine soon since his diet is finally getting closer to 70% veggies. Right now it is like 60%. I am also buying fish and bugs less and less because he is finally eating most if not all the veggies I give him daily. Love our stubborn Groot.