It seems like everyone around here loves being a twin and doing “twin stuff” with their other half. That’s awesome, seriously. I don’t want to sound too negative. If you love being a twin then I am really sincerely happy for you and I’m not trying to knock that. I just don’t feel the same way and I am wondering if any other twins share my feelings? A little background on me: I am a grown adult man with an identical twin brother.  We grew up together, always together. When we were young our parents would always dress us the same and we always had little matching twin outfits and matching haircuts and everything that comes along with that. Looking back on that really bothers me. I hate the fact that our parents treated us like dress-up dolls instead of letting us be our own people and anytime I meet someone who is going to be having twins it is the first thing that I always tell them, Never to dress their twins like they are twins. Let them be themselves. I can’t tell you how much this bothers me. I literally don’t even like looking at photographs from my childhood because it bothers me so much. Let me say this also so that it is out-of-the-way. I love my brother more than anyone on the planet, he’s my best friend and the other half of my being. We have a bond that no one can even come close to comprehending except for other twins. We normally get along. So obviously as we grew up we developed our own personalities, our own style, became our own men. But we were always very close and my friends were always his friends too and his friends were always my friends and we generally did most everything together. So I really love my brother but I have always hated having to be compared to somebody else all the time. And I know that people just think it’s fun and cool and have lots of questions for twins but I have always hated it. As I sit here writing this I am realizing that I am having trouble even putting into words and describing why I feel this way or really what the problem even is. I’ve just always hated being compared to another person all the time. It’s like I cannot escape being a twin. I don’t know, does anybody else have feelings like this or is there any questions anyone has? Is there anyway I could explain this better? It really bothers me and it’s constantly on my mind.