Hi it’s my first post ever on reddit. I want some advice on the morality of a question I have been asking myself, not necessarily legal advice at this point. I was sexually assaulted at the age of 19 by a much older coworker. We both worked in the same restaurant, he was was a bartender I was a hostess. I was extremely young and naive. One night we all were partying after work at the restaurant. Coworkers usually did this most weeks. One of my fellow co workers ( Eric) asked everyone if they would like to go outside for a smoke break meaning weed. Me and one other male coworker said yes. This other male coworker billy  I had known for over 3 years at that point. I trusted him. I didn’t know Eric  much in fact I don’t think we ever talked until then. If we smoke which occasionally happened we would smoke in the alley out back. When we went outside I noticed we weren’t going in that direction. Instead we were walking towards the parking lot, the opposite way. I asked where we were going and Eric said we should go to his car because it was safer. He acted like he was worried about the smell. I agreed it sounded fine and I knew billy a long time! When we were in there I don’t even remember if we smoked. I was in an extended cab truck in the back which meant I would have to go through the front to get out. We were just talking then all of a sudden Eric reaches in the back seat and starts lifting up my dress trying to touch me. While he is doing this he is telling billy to do the same. Billy looked shocked and embarrassed but tried to just laugh it off. I was so shocked I was frozen. I remember saying no stop many many times and being so scared. It was progressing in energy . Just when I thought it might get worse my friend started yelling at me to come back to the restaurant. She was in the window. I remember saying look they want us back. Eric looked back and saw many eyes staring at his truck although no one could see inside. He stopped and we all went back in. This situation has weighed heavily on my mind since it happened. I’m 32 now, the assault happened many years ago. I tried to tell my friends what happened but they just told me don’t make a fuss because we all work together. To this day I regret not saying anything to the police or at the very least management. I thought about him again today so I looked him up on social media. I found he is now a chemistry teacher at a high school. I thought wow what a perfect job for this complete creep. He got away with it and who knows what he is wanting to do or has done. I thought maybe I should call a guidance counselor there. Just a heads up to them If another incident ever happened that he was questioned. What do you think?