It's like I really believe he likes me even though he may just be super friendly. Every day at lunch, I spend my whole lunch talking to him while he's putting mail into mailboxes and I can't tell if he wants me to talk to him or if he's just entertaining my crush on him. I'm 22 and he's 34. He has a wife and 3 kids. I used to work somewhere else a year ago and he used to pick up mail from there. He would always be on the look out for me and when he saw me, he would smile with that smile. Before I knew he was married, I gave him my number. He never pursued me though. He only texted me once. I texted him back. He never texted me again. And when I quit that job, I stopped liking him and forgot about him. But he's back now at my new job which I just started last week. And I'll be sitting eating lunch and I'll notice him but I won't make eye contact. And then when I look that way, he's looking at me and smiling. Idk if that's a sign of friendliness or flirting but it doesn't matter. I end up going up to him during my lunch break and talking to him. Forgettable conversations. The reason I can't tell if he likes me is because everyone says he's super friendly. So maybe that's just the way he is. I told him I didn't like him because he didn't remember my name and he said that's too bad because he likes me. He asked me how old I am today. He doesn't really say anything too off the rails. But it's just the way he looks at me when he talks to me. It's always flirtatious vibes. Super awkward though. Anyway, I'm super off the rails when I talk to him. Like today I offered him a pita sandwich because the servpro team bought the whole staff pitas and a lot of them too. First he said no and I said good because I wasn't going to give him one anyway. Then when he realized we had so much left over, he said he would take one and I gave him one. Probably didn't eat it though. I tell him that I plan on quitting my job and I hope he's not the postman at my next job. When he told me that this job was on his route so he'd be there everyday, I nonchalantly said cool. And every time I'm finished talking to him, I don't end it on a good note. Because today when I realized he didn't remember my name, before he left, I gave him his pita and he said thank you and I said whatever and left. All my co-workers at my previous job assumed he liked me. All my co-workers at this job most likely assume I'm a homewrecker who is making a fool out of herself by talking to him everyday even though he might want me to fuck off. But today he said he wished he could eat lunch and talk with him after I accused him of trying to get rid of me. Anyway, as you can see, I think too much about him and not too much about anything else. I feel no guilt for my actions. I'm too infatuated. I can place myself in his wife's shoes but I don't feel anything. Today I told him I google searched him and I know where he lives and his middle name. I know I was being creepy but that was the point. Every time I get done talking to him, I go back to the lunch table and I don't even realize I'm grinning foolishly until I look up and my coworker laughs at me and points it out. That's why I'm so embarassed. I have these next 3 days off. He doesn't. My co-workers are going to gossip about me to him and he might gossip back. I'm thinking about not going back to that job ever again. Plus I only get paid $10 an hr, work 19.5 hours per week, clean 8 nursing home apartments a day, and I have to clean up big chunks of doodoo sometimes. My job sometimes disgust me. I'm going to miss the nice elderly people with the good stories. But do you think it's best if I quit because I'm too obsessed with my dude and I get so excited for lunch just thinking about him but it's literally too much. Some people may say stop being a whore and sit your ass down somewhere but I already know that, I just never listen to people because I live to see him and I have no self control that I'm willing to use. I really feel like karma is going to come back and bite me for this. That's why I'm afraid of relationships.