I have been with my (F33) SO (M29) 10 years, we have been engaged for two and have two children together, although my eldest is not biologically his.  I just know he does not want to get married, we had a plan to have a destination wedding, but the money we were banking on fell through and I really don’t want a big white wedding at home, I hate being the centre of attention and weddings are crazy money whereas a destination wedding is about half the cost plus two weeks of a luxury holiday too.  When the destination wedding fell through we kinda just left the idea of getting married.  HOWEVER getting married to me is very important, I want to be married!  We would also like another child but I don’t want to have another until we get married as I feel like we will never get married then.  He never ever talks of getting married and whenever I bring up alternatives he never really has an opinion and I feel like he just thinks of ways to shoot it down.  Just before lockdown I spoke with him again about how important us being married is to me and I suggested a very small low key wedding at home, we argued as he said he only wanted a destination wedding or a big white wedding neither of which we can afford.  The marriage is more important to me then the wedding.  Eventually he agreed to go and view a very low key venue with April 2021 in mind, but when it came to the day he was in the worst mood and I refused to go with him as he was in such a bad mood and I don’t want negativity associated with any part of our “wedding.”  He eventually apologised for his mood but said he would of been fine once we got there, but there was never any suggestion from him about arranging another viewing.  Very shortly after that the lockdown happened and we haven’t spoken of weddings since, apart from when I said if we get through being quarantined together with no issues we should defo get married.  Until a girls holiday I had planned for next month has been cancelled, and the girls suggested rebooking it for next April when I was hoping to get married, I told him and his words were “I think we should forget about getting married next year, what with the lockdown happening now.”  I am very frustrated by this I will be 36 in 2022, we have been together long enough, I am not rushing the marriage which he has accused me of.  I really feel like he is stringing me along, he knows how much I want to get married and he clearly doesn’t but he doesn’t want to lose me so just does everything in his power to delay it.  Anyone in a similar boat?  Do I just accept marriage is never going to happen for me?  I would say I am very giving person and I put my children and SO first and part of me feels like I should start being more selfish and living life the way I want to...