Ok so I’m kinda concerned. For the past few days I have been insanely depressed. I’m frustrated, I’m lethargic, I’m crying all the time, and I’m constantly pissed off about everything. And I was feeling like there’s no reason to live anymore. And so obviously, I was like, yeah, ok, it’s because of all this quarantine stuff and my depression and not being able to use my coping mechanisms (being with people as much as possible and going out a lot to do fun things). But I guess I forgot about one coping mechanism. Ever since like a year or so ago I’ve had a very high sex drive, and so when I’m at college I masturbate at least once a day. However, now I’ve been sent home from college and my house is small and has thin walls and so I can’t really use my vibrator. And today I finally got my chance. My family was sleeping and my neighbors were being noisy outside with their ATV’s and I figured I could probably get away with using my vibrator because the ATV’s sound similar and would probably cover it up. I turned on my vibrator and came pretty much instantly. And when I say instantly I do mean instantly. And afterwards it was a really weird feeling. Like my vision literally became clearer and more focused and I actually felt motivation to watch the online lecture I had planned on skipping to wallow in my depression. And I haven’t cried since, which is pretty big because I was literally crying constantly. It’s like a switch flipped in me and I can’t really describe it. And it’s not like I don’t usually feel fantastic after orgasms because I do. I usually have really intense orgasms. I’ve blacked out, I’ve had multiple orgasms, I’ve even had orgasms back to back for over 2 hours that I couldn’t stop even when I tried. I love orgasms. And I have noticed that I tend to get insanely cranky if I don’t orgasm in the morning and so I usually don’t even go a day without orgasming at least once, if not many times. And seeing how I got when I didn’t orgasm for over a week, I’m sort of starting to wonder if it’s some type of hormonal imbalance. Like getting so depressed and emotional that I can’t even function if I don’t orgasm at least once a day? Should I worry about that?