So I'm a 33 year old male who recently (about two months ago) moved over 8 hours south to begin a relationship with a 33 year old female whom I've been chatting with on and off again for over three years.  We " met" when I was kinda in the same area I am now about three years ago on a dating app, I was down in the area for drug addiction out patient treatment, I am a former heroin addic and as of today have 155 says clean (it's been a struggle to say the least) things didn't go well and I went back to my hometown. We continued to chat through chat apps and I decided to be completely honest with her and told her my back story with my past and current drug problems. She couldn't be more supportive and proud of me being honest and I was trying to right my ways. Her brother is a recovering addic so she gets it.  We would talk off and on and I would go through long periods of not talking with her cause I would be strung out and ashamed of myself.  Then out of the blue after I got out of my last inpatient treatment facility I messaged her " hey guess who has 55 days clean?" and she was over the moon happy for me. From that day on we talked every single day ALL day for I'd say about a month. Then I got bold and asked if I was down there would she date me and she said yes and I was like in my head" OK game "... Long story short I went to visit her for three days, then went back home and a week later pulled the trigger and packed up and moved down their to see if this was real. It was we are in a committed relationship right now and things have been great, our personalities are so compatible, we make each other laugh, we can both be our normal dorky selves around each other.... The kinda self you're like with your best friends..... In fact she is my best friend! I've only had not including this one, two legitimate relationships, and I'm actually her first boyfriend.... She said not for lack of trying just always was with douchebags who wanted FWB relationships.... Not to tute my own horn but I'm a very good boyfriend... I hold the door for her (including her car door getting in and getting out, wether or not I'm driving) listing to her, interested in her day, thoughts feelings, we hold hands all the time, usually like when we drive around, in Public, even when we are in bed watching TV.  The sex is great and we are both attractied to each other.  I've told her I'm falling in love with her but that kinda freaked me out so we just say we like each other A LOT A LOT.... We have been together for almost two months now and then last night happened.... She has a cute little chihuahua (who adores me as well which she likes) and I was taking some cute pictures of him laying under the covers.... I went to go show them to her and as I was swiping through she say the Goofy picture I took of her mouth cause I was trying to show her she had something in her teeth. I had said I was gonna delete it after I took it but forgot... So I deleted it then and there, no big deal.... Then she said something to the effect of "I wonder what your Google photos look like" and I said "o you won't want to see those... (chuckle)" she was like why? I said cause I have saved pictures of a bunch of girls from dating apps( back story I would get high and scroll through the dating pool of apps and save pictures.... I had A LOT... Been meaning to delete them but truly forgot about them because I haven't looked at them since we've been together and had no desire to.... And I don't use Google photos.... Just my phones stock gallery app.... Google just syned all my photos over the years....) she then asked if I looked at them... I said no and kinda shook my head like to show that's absurd) I could tell right away she didn't like that, the rsst of the night was really awkward, she wouldn't talk to me but said she was fine.... Then she's blowing her nose I think she's crying I say "do you think I'm lying?" she said she's not even crying... I rolled over and tried to fall asleep... In the middle of the night we were both awoken by a huge thunder crash, I started to break down and cry because I have PTSD from two combat tour in irap back in 2006/09...she asked if I was OK I said I wasn't she comforted me a little bit.... But ended up crying myself back to sleep.... In the morning woke up and after about 10 minutes of awkwardness asked if she wanted to talk now... She said "idk" so I preceded to blpack my things up and told her I guess I'll talk to you later she said OK.  She did have a card set out for me congratulating me on my 155 days and is glad I choose her to go on this journey with me, it was a nice sweet letter.  It was probably written before the incident.... Here's the catch and I'm not trying to be sexist but she is either on her period, or getting it.... I have very little experience with the female menstrual cycle cause my first relationship was a long distance one, and my second relationship she took birth control pills and never had her cycle..... So is she just emotionally/hormonaly unbalanced and she will "get over it" and realize she's over reacting? This is her I think third period I've been with her with.... And she has before her other ones gave me a heads up she might be kinda crazy.... Any advice and help would be greatly appreciated... For me I love her and want to marry her when the time is right, she's the "one", we talk about our kids in future tense so she feels the same just not ready to say the L word yet..... I haven't texted her and she not me since I left.... It's been three + 1/2 hours...