I am happily living with the man of my dreams. He is truly kind, sweet, caring, and he can be crude. Our relationship works. It is, most of the time, a 50/50 relationship. We go out we take turns paying, all.of our bills are split 50/50, we keep our money separate and we both do our own things. We are in monogamous relationship. We blur the "gender roles" lines often. To us it doesn't matter as long as we are both happy with each other. Well i am about to be 41 weeks pregnant and i stopped working at 39 because my employer wanted me to enjoy the last "few days" of no children. That and she probably didn't want me to go into labor at work. My grandma lives about 600 miles away and decided to visit to help with the baby because we expected him to come at 40 weeks because i already had a false labor. I had no issue with her going to her staying at our house in the guest bedroom since my mom and her don't really get along for long periods of time i thought it would be best. We still hadn't set a dresser up and we went to ikea. Mind you it is a small dresser, i may be pregnant but not disabled, and i thought while you know my boyfriend was at work and I just wanted the dresser built and he would be tired by the time he comes home. Well i thought with a little help from my grandma we could get it built. I have a lot of energy because i was working 50 hours a week with no breaks, we live in texas so there are no laws against it, and i was used to being on my feet all day. This would have given me something to do since i was so bored. Well my grandma said "that is the man's job. He can do it when he comes home." Mind you he does not work a super easy job and has been taking up a lot more hours to help build reserves since my job doesn't offer paid leave. We had gone out to eat and i always let my boyfriend drive because I absolutely hate driving. My grandma was going with us so we took my car since i drive a midsize suv and my boyfriend drives a coupe (probably will change it eventually but for now my car works as the "family car"). After that he went to work. I took my mom and grandma out to go explore our city's downtown, and spend time with them. Well i had to stop for gas, (i usually stop at a quarter of a tank to fill it up especially since i will pop at any moments time and it is nice to have the gas in there just in case) and my grandma asked me why i didn't ask my boyfriend to pump my gas when he was driving it. I told her I could do that on my own and i had plenty of gas. She told me he had to be "trained correctly" and that if he saw that my gas was low he should have automatically stopped and got gas. My mom had agreed with her and then they started complaining about gender roles and how nobody follows them. That everyone is so confused. There are things that men and women are supposed to be doing and it is a shame that no one does it anymore. After that i dropped my mom a little peeved off and my grandma and i were talking on our way home. She had asked me when i am going back to work, i said well probably about 6 weeks after my son decided he will stop keeping me hostage. She said that wasn't enough time. That i had to wait at least 6 months. I told her i only have so much saved the max i can go is 3 months without having to seriously worry about money. I have always strived to be independent. So i cant let my boyfriend take on the bills by himself. I plan to pay for my half during the entirety of my leave and pay my own things like my car note and phone bill which are things we don't share. She later asked when we will get married. My boyfriend and i have talked about marriage but we do not really see it as super necessary as of right now. Eventually but we want to have enough saved up where we can have a nice wedding. I told her this and she said we could just go to a courthouse and get married and then later on have a wedding because it isn't good for the child to live in a home where we are not married. Well i mean i don't think he will know and i am sure as hell he wont care. I know plenty of unhappy married couples and i am happy in my relationship. We don't need to be married to raise a child in a good home. The next day passes and my grandma asks me what am i going to do when it comes to teaching my child about God. Well knowing she is a Christian and she isn't fond of organized religion i tell her the truth which is i am not. He can decide when he gets curious enough to ask me i.will tell him that there are many religions out there and many choices and that i am not sure which one is the right one, but that his dad is a Catholic and that if he wants to start with that he can. But i am not religious. I don't believe in a god and i don't want to impose a religion on my son. His dad is fine with this because it gives him a choice to chose if he decides to. My grandma was furious with me. Because he wont know right from wrong. And i feel like i am talking to a brick wall if I try to say something otherwise. Luckily she leaves Tuesday morning and i get induced Tuesday night, she couldn't stay more than 2 weeks because she has to go back and take care of her dogs and go back to her life.