What I appreciate about U2 is their attention to sonic details and production which they began to introduce more into the early 1990s and continuing through to today. They are, technically speaking, relatively limited musicians (except Bono who was superb in his prime). But they make up for it with the treatments and production details that you find in their music, the Edge particular is absorbed in the sonic side of things, different sounds, more textures, endless overdubbing - they may be perfectionists but I am for the most part ok with that because listening to 'Pop' in the headphones you just here how much effort was put there with all the different textures, guitar tones and drum sounds, stereo panning, overdubbed guitar parts etc. For example, The Playboy Mansion and its supplementary drum parts buried in right and left channels. The Playboy Mansion is one of my favorites. Recently I was listening to it and thought at first that my copy was skipping. Come to find out it was some effect on the drums that I had never picked up on before, like they caused Larry's crash symbol to shift channels within a couple seconds. Hundreds of listens and that finally jumped out at me. Those little samples and flourishes give the album so much flavor, along with the warm production. I cherish this stuff, and this side of U2. This can also be said for parts of 2000's and 2010's U2 as well.. which is why contrary to popular opinion, I actually like post 1997 modern U2 more than most do. U2 gets considerable flack from fans for the endless working of their songs, however I feel that in some cases the endless polishing and tweaking generates an extra dynamic to the songs, multi-layered and additional dimensions to parts of studio tracks. creates a multi-faceted/layered songs that cram heaps of sonic flavours/ingredients into the mixing bowl at once, like with regards to the expression how 'a single painting can 'convey 1000 words' at once. For example with 'Iris' I love all the sonic details spread across the production. With 'Iris' there's many subtle components and moving-parts to the song. For many bands such as the Stones they might record a song in 15 minutes spend a few of days mixing and throw it out there. I admire U2 because they take their time and focus on the minuscule, subtler details that no one else cares about. They can spend months on the same tracks because they are perfectionists who try everything they can to make a song better, continuing to add additional layers, backing vocals, guitar and keyboard overdubs, even up to the very last minute. You have to admire their attention to sonic details (in particular we are talking about The Edge here, the most vital member of the group).