Continuous contemplation over the future and the now, the where? Where is his heart taking him now, he continually follows it and to his own demise, it continually gets hurt & broken. There hasn't been many, but one..... A flutter from many years ago that grew silently in the background..... Paths crossed but little to be done, ones wrong time or not yet strong enough. He only guess's at what could have, or why didn't..... But time Continues and years later two friends cautiously let there heard mingle. Cautious he is, but all to Willingly & giving. A constant taught of voices and fears of undeserving, worthlisoness or a feeling of being desired continue to haunt him..... He's been through too much with the wrong ones, giving all he had for years only to be unworthy and blamed. He fears it already. Especially with so much on the line with someone of such importance to his life...... Warnings persistently present, he fears he's "convenient" easily manipulated by the heart, easily taken by love, he goes blind to failures, short comings & imperfections. How can something humbling, be so destructive to him..... Warnings from history, people, lifestyle and even from her. She wasn't his blood, but she's always been his family. A name hard described by, she's single handley (from The day he met her) the courageous and strongest women he'd every met. And she had to be, for she lived a life, a childhood undeserving of any person, undeserving of such a beautiful women. He once again over looks the faults and imperfections, or warnings that others see or believe. He see her struggle and has always desired to be her knight. He's cheesey, knight in shining armour. His fairytale doesn't need to be perfect or cliché.... He just wants his own happy ending by any means. So he's here, not to save her, but to Help hold her burden of "strength" to walk by her side and help fight her own demons. In fighting for this, he risks everything and will allow himself to be vulnerable once again.... Despite the warnings. This is "Broken" a women like no other. Fantasy, lust, love....  Its his, and he wants it. He'll risk it, even if more pain should come. Pain and thoughts like his, broken heart, broken soul like his. He falls bavk to his own trait od desire ability.... He craves to fix and mend, he wishes to be worthy of everything she deserves wants, and desires.... A fantasy he fails to reach, but insatiably willing to risk for. She describes her strength as her burden. The burden to take the pain of others, to deal first hand with the wrongs of human nature & the atrocities committed upon each other. Her strength is her burden. She struggles with loving herself as he does, her description of pain and hurt saddens him, and differs very much so from his own. He can't help but think and want more and more of her..... He faces a dilemma, is he desiring broken for the sake of. Or is it more, if it's more is it raw love or a fantasy of lust. He is reserved with her, despite wanna to be all over her and passionately expressing his love, he fears he smother her and chase her away, he fears he requires to much in return, emotionally, physically and lovingly. He craves her attention, and continues to fear. He fears, no he can acknowledge that he will never get what he puts in. That his love given will be more then his love received. This will be his tormented souls punishment. A punishment not yet understood..... But he's come to the terms and still holds on to what slivers of hope & faith in love he has. He's craving his happily ever after, he craves his forever person..... Introvert. Hiding from the world, but all to willing to Take it all on with the right person..... His hunt continues, and once again he is willing to follow his heart on its journey to fulfillment.