I had to call the police on my first passenger tonight. I picked him up over by the mall. Name was Benny I think. He called right after I pulled up and said where the fuck are you ? He gets in absolutely hammered beer in hand. He immediately turns the heater to 90 and full blast. He put the address in wrong so it says the trip is an hour and 45 minutes away. He also farted while the heat was on full blast at 90 degrees and when I rolled down the window he got shitty with me and was like why you rollin it down dude I’m fuckin cold. He also said all he wanted to to was coke and Oxy’s tonight and that’s why his girlfriend was pissed. Never in my fucking life ! I hear he might need a round trip and I said just so you know it’s gonna be kind of expensive. He said how much and I said over a 100 dollars. He then starts to scream that it’s not gonna be over a 100 fucking dollars ! It’s only 20 minutes away. I explained that he put in the wrong address. He then cussed me out again saying that he not gonna pay a 100 fucking dollars for no fucking Uber. I just dropped it. He then tells me that I’m taking him to his girlfriends house because she didn’t come home from the office party in time so he was gonna break into her house cuz he knew the code to get in anyway. He said he was gonna go in and fuck shit up. We drove around Parker city for 45 minutes. He never put the right address in so I had no idea where we were going.  He also said that if we can’t find her there we were gonna go to her friends house and fuck shit up over there. After he said that he looked at me and said do you fucking understand me ? He also informs me that his girlfriend has already called the cops on him once tonight and that he doesn’t give a fuck and wouldn’t I be pissed if my girl was out cheating ? Oh and every time he cussed me out he would ask me over and over again to forgive him and say I love him. We ended up back in Muncie and this was the conversation. His mom called and he called her a fucking alcoholic. He’s also a travel nurse. This is a man that gets paid to help people ! He belongs in jail ! He also demanded to know if I was gay. I told him it was none of his business. At this point I was singing through clenched teeth so I wouldn’t hit him. He then started screaming Are you gay ! You’re gay ! Over and over again at me. He said he didn’t care if I guzzled cum or sucked dick he didn’t care because he was secure in his masculinity. He then said he wanted me to go with him to “get ready for this” Florida ! Fucking Florida ! To go to gay strip clubs again because he is secure in his masculinity. He said because after all he’s a male nurse so he has to be secure. I ended up calling the police. They ended up letting him get into an Uber ! When the police called me back I explained what happened and the cop was like Oh wait, are you an Uber driver ? I said yes. He said He needed to make a phone call and hung up. This man seriously needs to get locked up. It was absolutely the most horrible situation I’ve been in in a very long time. This is one of the most horrible people I have ever met. This was truly exhausting and all I got was 40 bucks for it. He did end up making it back to his girlfriends house where he got arrested for trespassing.