So how do I begin.... What happened was I woke up late today and missed my College Algebra class due to staying up last night doing homework, now I know what you’re saying, c'mon bro seriously? And I agree if it were in other circumstances, emphasis on "circumstances" because at the beginning of the semester, my professor told us that at the end of the first day of class that alongside our final exam grade, we would get a extra 10% boost to our grade, so pretty much whatever grade I get on my final +10 points. Pretty sure NOW you guys know where I'm heading to with this, there a catch with this, it's not guaranteed nor is it a right, the ONLY way we can get this award is if we have perfect attendance. I was pretty much good with this until now, now that I didn't get to class on time I'm screwed and I REALLY need the extra points because I'm terrible at math and so far, I'm at a low B, and shits about to get hard, thank fucking goodness this my final math class before my major starts. So now you saying "ok I understand the situation n all, but does this have to do with us?" I'm getting there, I'm a lil bit nervous asking this here because idk how loose I can be here n all, and idk if this reddit is being surveilled by UCF (don't want no trouble), but the question I want to ask y'all (oh boy) is if anyone one of you guys can give my suggestions on an "non-evidential" kind-foolproof excuse I can give to my professor that will convince her to put me back in the perfect attendance list again. I was thinking of 2 ideas, one of them I knew would work, the one that wouldn't work was the " I'm sick " excuse, cuz she could ask me for a doctor's note , and was thinking of trying to see if I could forge a doctor's not, but I retracted myself out of it due to lack of resources and fear of being expelled by the university, and the other one, which idk if's it going to work or not was to tell my professor that we had a 5-hour power and water outage at my apartment complex due to an incident and due to not being able to take a shower and cook to eat, I couldn't go to class today nor write back to you. The problem with this is idk if I should go with this one if I tell her this there's a slight chance she may not accept it due to not having evidence for it, and not having a physical proof of reason to add me back (LSS: she'll think of it as a bad excuse, will think I'm lying, and not add me back.) That's all I got and I have to write back to her soon because if I don't she gunna start to believe that I'm lying to get the bonus points backhand I want to avoid that. So, if anyone has some good suggestions that can help me to solve this problem and get back to being able to earn my extra points, I would appreciate that. Thank you guys and have yourself a damm good one!