Honestly FUCK COVID-19 and more importantly fuck the entire department of chemistry and I hope they rot in the worse level of hell. These past days have been ass. I can’t even process it. My late sister was immuno-compromised from previous battles with cancer and a third year medical student. Just like that everything fell apart. After a week in the hospital nothing improved and she eventually gave out. She was literally the only person I could be close to. I can’t imagine life without her. It was literally just me, my mom, and my sister. We were still fine, but now I have no one to look up to or share my feelings with. My mom is so shattered she’s been drinking way to much and I’m going to have to make funeral arrangements. I’m in such denial that I emailed my profs asking for extensions not a month but atleast a few days or a week. I emailed a particular professor in the chem department and they had the most crude response. Not only was I denied any sort of extension for discussion work, but I literally begged to take the quiz at a later time. They know I’m not lazy Bc I’ve done everything on time so far. They had the audacity to tell me so should just come to lecture to “take my mind off things” and that by giving me an alternate quiz it would diminish the rigor of a UCLA class and this chem class. It would be unfair to students which is quite ironic as this professor makes several versions of the quiz. This little shot had the audacity to tell me to take my mind off things. Life is never going to be the same for me my sister essentially replaced a father figure. I might as well hang myself off the ceiling fan than deal with this utter bullshit from a WoRLd-cLaSs institution. A good university shouldn’t only care about rankings or rigor but also their students. How can you be so evil not to empathize with me. We are in a literal pandemic I can’t even..... Sorry for my rant but honestly UCLA IS NOT NUMBER ONE. UCLA makes the best effort at fucking over students whether that be from the CARES Act, the housing bs, and the way they handled everything with regards to COVID-19. Even MIT wouldn’t tell a student sorry fuck off we have to match rigor so suck it up kid it’s just a death.............. I’m so done with this asshat prof and department