The week after our midterm the professor addresses the class on cheating, starts shouting at all of us on the zoom call, bringing up how ashamed we all should be, brings in his personal life about how his son couldn't even get into UCLA. Much of the class feels rattled. TAs explain that the group being looked at for cheating is only 4-5 students who had a very verbatim answer. Two weeks go by I get my grade I got an A, everything seems fine. Grades get taken down for everyone suddenly. They go back up and get taken down two more times. The TAs explain they are just checking some more midterms and have hidden the grades for the moment. End of week 7, long story short professor has accused me of having a very similar free response answer on the midterm to some other students. I have been in contact with him the past week and half back and forth providing evidence of things such as my study materials, how I got my answer etc. He has submitted everything to the dean and it is out of his hands now. At the moment I wait for word from the dean to give my side. I was wondering if anyone had any advice on dealing with the dean of students, what to expect, and specifically if it is better to just be more straight to the point and not involve feelings about the process, or emotions regarding the situation? I bring this up because I feel like the professor has been quite unprofessional in this whole process and it feels more like he has an emotional personal vendetta to 'get' students and I don't appreciate the way he has gone about it overall. I also understand he's just doing his duty as a professor, but IMO it has been a severe strain on my mental health, not only being yelled at along with the class overall, but then being accused and now sent to the dean to defend myself and I don't know if it's appropriate to relay these feelings to the dean. Is this worth bringing up to the dean, or just not mention it and give my straight answer side of the story? Thank you for any tips or advice.