This happened in 2010, I was 16 and my best friend, Ryan was 17. It was about 11:30 at night and I was playing video games in my room. I went to my kitchen to get a drink and I noticed an extremely bright light in my backyard. I remember going outside and then my memory cuts out. All of a sudden I was in a strange looking room. It was fair sized, like the waiting room at a dentists office. Everything was well lit and silver. I looked to my left and there was Ryan, looking right back at me. Neither one of us said anything but we did stare at each other for a while. It felt like we couldn't speak We were both sitting in chairs that matched the room. There was a table between us but it was low to the ground almost like a coffee table, with nothing on it, silver like the room. I was not afraid and Ryan did not seem like he was either, but I was very confused about what was happeneing. My memory cuts again. Then I was in a smaller silver room that looked like an interrogation room but there was no table in the room. I was alone. I remember feeling excited and a little anxious. Then my memory cuts again and I'm back to the first room with Ryan. We both were extremely frightened at this point. Then I woke up in my bed with the same feelings of fear. I dont remember going to bed so it freaked me out even more. I felt like I had to call Ryan and tell him about this. I opened my contacts and got to his name and right as I was about to call, I recieved a call from him. I answered and before I could say anything, he frantically told me he had experienced the exact same thing I did. Neither of us remembered falling asleep. Neither of us knew where we were or how we got there. Both of our memories cut at the same times. Neither of us felt like we were being held against our will. We both woke up at the same time with the same feelings of fear. Everyone we told said we were abducted by aliens but, neither of us wanted to believe that at the time. I have not stopped thinking about it a single day since it happened. Was it an abduction? What happened?