i’ve never posted on reddit before but i’ve decided to since i recently got diagnosed with uc 3 weeks ago. i’m a 20 year old female who lived an active lifestyle, ate healthy, and is/was a successful full time student. at the end of winter break i spent 15 days in the hospital, got a colonoscopy and endoscopy, ct scan, and needed 2 blood transfusions from how much blood i lost and transferred to a specialty hospital to get a doctor who specializes in uc bc of how severe it was. i met a surgeon on my 4th day of tacrolimus and prednisone and thought my colon was going to get removed since my crp level was 155 and above for weeks. a month of pure bloody stool while throwing up at the same time gave the 2 emergency room visits no worry until one of the visits took a real look at my horrible lab results. luckily after 2 weeks of pure misery in the hospitals my crp levels kept lowering, my appetite came back after dropping from 110 to 88 lbs, still on the low residue diet until my follow up appointment, but i’m finally home and having normal bowel movements that i haven’t had in a year (kinda weird to have happy tears on the toilet over some poop but it’s great). unfortunately, i’ve lost all my muscle and fat and have to regain everything back as i can’t even go up more than 5 steps while i used to be very athletic. after a year of emergency room visits and different doctors all not being concerned with the amount of blood i described and listing it off as “chronic constipation with internal hemorrhoids”. it took a severe flare to finally get a diagnosis that i had in the back of my mind. unfortunately, all of this happened at the wrong time i had to take a medical leave for this college semester as a nursing major which will push me back a year when i was supposed to graduate in 3 semesters and now i won’t be with any of my peers when i return and on a different track that messes with clinical requirements. my headspace is horrible right now and i feel like my life changed drastically in such a short amount of time since it did. i’m jealous and angry (when i know i shouldn’t be) of all my friends living a normal life and isolated myself for a bit slowly starting to talk to them again but they are very understanding. i do have one friend with uc who gives me hope that i will also be able to control it like her and i can ask her questions whenever. i’m on my road to returning to normal. i exercise and make sure i get enough calories and nutrients in to make me as healthy as possible. i’m currently on tacrolimus, prednisone, bactrim, and pantoprazole. i had my first entyvio infusion 3 days ago and am hopeful that this drug works so i can get off the drugs i take at home. i’m devastated that i have to deal with this for the rest of my life as i always thought of myself as a healthy person. having a chronic illness in the back of my mind at all times is something i have to get used to and hopefully find solutions and triggers to avoid future flare ups to the best of my ability. focusing on health over school right now is taking a toll on me but i know it needs to be done i hope my strength returns soon and all goes well.