I really hope this message reaches all of you in this group, I've been posting on every forum I can find and will continue to do so to spread the word as much as I can and share my experience. About 6 months ago, I had a really bad flare-up, not knowing what it could be, and after many doctor visits and tests, and a colonoscopy with several biopsies, my GI diagnosed me with Ulcerative Colitis. I was devastated, especially after learning about the treatment options being expensive, forever, with mixed results. I refused to accept this, because why all of a sudden would I get this condition out of the blue and it not be reversible? After much research on my own, I came across a post of a woman who described similar symptoms and struggling to find a cure until she was tested for Clostridium difficile or C diff. A fairly common bacterial infection of the gut that causes colitis symptoms. I was already tested for this in the very beginning of my symptoms and the test came up negative, but I read that there can be false negatives so I ordered a c diff test online and after submitting my stool sample (sample must be liquid or loose, frozen immediately, and dropped off at the lab within 24 hours.) Sure enough it came back positive! I showed my doctor the lab result and he immediately prescribed me Vancomycin 500mg 4 times a day for 10 days. And it worked! All of my symptoms are gone and I can eat a normal diet again! To prevent a recurrent infection I do incorporate high resistant starch foods like green plantains, green bananas, and cooked and cooled potatoes into my diet to help boost my probiotics which in turn release butyrate that heals the gut. And I also really limit sugar/refined grains, although I do enjoy some once a week or so. Anyway, I know this is somewhat of a long-winded response, I just want to spread the word, because UC really hijacks your life. It's awful and no one should be suffering from it especially if it is really caused by C diff. Please get tested, and if the first test comes up negative I would still get a second or third one to be sure. During and after antibiotic use I would recommend incorporating some resistant starches into your diet and even homemade raw milk kefir if you're so inclined, if not just the starches should do the trick. I really hope this helps, and if you end up testing positive for c diff or anyone else reading this does, please spread the word far and wide. My GI was certain I had Ulcerative Colitis and even told me I would need to take medicine with side effects the rest of my life and at some point, I may need surgery! Turns out it was just a superbug that was cured with one course of antibiotics. Take action and keep going until you're cured! And If you have any questions please let me know.