My sister and I always thought that ghosts and spooks were always around us.( this will probably be a long one, sorry) when my mom was little she had crazy, unexplained things happen to her. She had a grandmother clock that was always locked and couldn't open (they lost the key). Sometimes though, it would open, and when it did my uncle would get very sick. After my grandmother got rid of the clock, he barley ever got sick. Some other things stopped too, like dishes wouldn't fly out of cabinets and the strange cold breezes stopped.  Fast forward years later, when I was about 8, my mom and sister dropped me off at my dads house for the weekend. They were driving home and were very close to the house, when suddenly a black figure ran across the street in front of my moms car. She pulled over thinking she may have hit someone, but when she looked back, there was no one there. We lived in our house for a year at that point, and nothing felt weird or bad in the house. But after the figure ran across the street, creepy things would happen. We always feel like someones watching us, it never stops, even writing this now I feel it. But there are only a few instances when i really thought, we need to get out of this house. a few months after the black figure incident, I was sleeping in my bed and woke up in the middle of the night. I feel like I'm being watched from behind , so i roll over, and I see a women black figure standing in the corner of my room. I got really scared and yelled for my mom, she came running in. The light to my room is above my bed so she had get to that first. Now this isn't some cliche thing where the lady isn't there anymore, no my mom saw her and turned on the light so fast,  but when she did she was gone. This wasn't sleep paralysis because I could still move, and it wasn't just my mind playing tricks on me in the dark because the moon was so bright it lit up my room. My sister also sees a man with a hat sitting on my bed, my mom saw the same girl again in the doorway of her room. My mom has been to a medium that's told her she has ghosts all around her. Oddly enough sometimes when I'm in my bedroom and can see my reflection in a mirror, and Mark does his 3 scary games bit ( where he says "don't look behind you"). I see shadows in my room corners, and it will be like in the day too when I have all my lights on. So whatever my mom and sister brought home that night is hella scary. We've been in this house for 6 coming up 7 years now and it still creeps me out.