I think Gaster built the determination extractor and fell into it leading to him becoming a shapeless being of pure determination. He now resides between dimensions, fully aware of saving and resetting yet being unaffected by it. Those who view him are affected by his presence, possibly becoming aware of the saving and resetting as well. He at some point appeared before Jevil, leading to his mental collapse due to never experiencing anything even close to the raw power and otherworldliness of determination. I believe that all of Gaster’s followers and Jevil are aware of the saving and resetting. For the followers I believe the random nature of their encounters implies they have broken free from their simple predestined existence, and with Jevil he doesn’t monologue to the lightners upon them entering his cell if they have already died to him and loaded their save, as though he knows he’s already had this conversation before. I believe Sans witnessed Gaster one way or another but managed to stay sane enough to at least appear normal. He is aware of other dimensions and the continuous saving and resetting taking place, and it’s possible this awareness even applies to the Sans within Deltarune. It may be even be that the Sans within Deltarune is the same from undertale, who managed to slip into the new dimension with the machine he was building. Though the thought of Sans’s abilities leads me to another point. Sans’s only real ability might just be his awareness. Everything he does is never explicitly powerful, he simply has an understanding of how his world works and can manipulate it. He never teleports on screen, only when the player can’t see him, so what if he isn’t actually teleporting? He’s off screen, the player’s perception of the game is the game, so if Sans knows he can’t be seen then he doesn’t have to play by the game’s rules. Physical boundaries don’t exist if the player can’t see them, so Sans doesn’t need to abide by their rules of the player can’t see what he’s doing. Within his boss battle, his damage is one with all of his bone attacks, but he’s able to completely bypass I-frames, making his attacks much deadlier. The only thing Sans does that can’t be explained by his awareness is his use of the energy cannons, the origins of which is completely unknown to me. The idea that awareness of the games nature=the ability to bend the rules also applies to Jevil. His use of a swirling background takes advantage of the players pov to distract them. He fakes being tired at one point during the battle. He uses all card suits, simply because there’s no reason he can’t. Any enemy could use all card suits, but they simply don’t know they can. Jevil knows, so he can. He can do anything. Is it just a coincidence that the hardest boss fights in each game feature characters that can break the game’s rules? In game strength leads to enemies like Asgore or Undyne, but the deeper understanding Sans and Jevil possess puts them on a whole nother level.