I thought I would share this insight from a friend who is an executive in the DOL in a neighboring State ( same system issues). So ... if like me you applied in March before things were streamlined for PUA ( independent contractor etc) you waited to get declined for UI and applied through the online forms for PUA. You kept certifying online every week as instructed. Now this week you are FINALLY out of pending (took 7-8 weeks) and your claim is ready to be paid . But wait !...  you get a message that you have NOT certified since March 15? ( hell yes you have) then you log in and the system only allows you to certify for the week ending 5/10... but it does ask if the reason you did not certify since March is due to you going back to work? The answer is a big huge NO! ... Wait , take a deep breath, count to 10... you WILL get an email asking you to certify those broken/ lost weeks.  How did this happen you ask ? It is the price we pay for applying early( before streamlining)... ALL our certifications since March were done while still in the UI system... and when we were approved for PUA this week we went into that system( the PUA system)... hence losing all our past  certifications. So it is understandable if you think about it logically ( not emotionally) that is why they streamlined the system in the first place.unfortunately after many of us had already applied though . It was trial and error for the DOL so I am trying to be understanding although it is VERY difficult watching my savings slip away daily... the GOOD NEWS is we can finally see the finish line. So watch for the email to certify “again” for those lost weeks. Try to keep a sense of humor and know you are NOT alone and  S##t happens. We are New York Tough hahaha ...we got this! Thank you to everyone on here who has helped me keep my sanity through sharing their experiences ... it made a difference knowing I was not alone. Goes to show “you never know if your small act of kindness actually made a HUGE difference in someone else’s life”. New Yorkers really do stick together. Stay safe everyone, be well.