As title states, I’m in a odd spot with unemployment. I will refer to jobs as A,B,C. I had worked job A for over a year and made plenty per quarter for unemployment, I was invited to start job B on January 20th. I put my two weeks in with job A at the appropriate time and manner.  Fast forward to a week before I’m set to start job B, they tell me that I had failed to disclose info about my military career, a particular instance. The thing is, I had disclosed that information very clearly, and I believe this was an overlook on their part. I filed an appeal, so my start date is put off till further notice especially with all going on. So after I wasn’t able to start job B, I went back to job A, and told them I won’t be starting B anymore till further notice, they tell me my job was posted already and I can’t just get back in my spot until they go through a whole new hiring process, and cannot promise the spot back since it’s a union. I then apply to job C a couple of days before I am done at job A, I have interview, and am told it will be about a week before I can start, and will even make more money than my original job A. They took about 3 weeks to get my started at job C, so that is 3 weeks between jobs.I filed for partial unemployment (March 8th)due to falling below 32 hours one week at my new job just to get partial while training there for my full time spot. 3 weeks later (March 26th, right before  they signed the care act) unemployment denies me, saying that I left my job (A) voluntarily, and am now disqualified. I did not leave my original job for voluntary reasons other than I was looking for higher pay, I got the short end of the stick a week before I was supposed to start at job B, and it took 3 weeks to get everything set with job C. Now, job C is shut down because of the virus. So as it stands, I have an appeal next Wednesday, the 22nd. I am freaking out I will be disqualified for me getting screwed out of my job offer 7 days before I was set to start it. I was working a month and a half at my new job before it shut down, so I don’t know if I qualify with only new job. I’m sorry for the wall of text, but it is tricky to word it in a short manner. Thanks in advanced.