Hi sorry im not that reddit savvy so please forgive me if my post isnt in the correct format. So some context. I was let go from my job and shortly after that I was receiving unemployment benefits from the beginning Of August 2019 until mid January 2020. After I exhausted my 26 weeks of benefits, I was re-hired back at the same job I was let go from prior. My first day back was February 8, 2020. I continued working there until end of March, when my job had to shut down temporarily due to COVID-19. So I then reopened my claim online. But I wasn’t able to file my biweekly claims until just this past tuesday because before, everytime I tried to file my biweekly claims  it said my claim was still being processed. But finally I was able to file all the past weeks claims that were backed up. So this was Tuesday and I still haven’t received any payment, which usually comes 3 business days later which would have been Friday. On Friday I did receive my PEUC financial determination in the mail and it says I’m eligible (tho it doesn’t mention the extra $600/ a week I’m supposed to get). I still have my debit card and pin from my previous claim that ended in the beginning of this year. when I log into the PA unemployment website it says my “claim has been processed and to continue filing my bi weekly claims“. I’m just very confused  to whether I’ve been approved or not for PEUC. like I said it said I’m eligible on the financial determination. So my question to those who know more about this than me, from the info I gave you do you think I am/ will be approved for unemployment benefits including the extra $600 per week? And if so when should I be expecting payment? I also read something about due to scammers, checks will going out in the mail now? Should I be expecting my money via check in the mail? I’m just very confused and god knows you can’t get ahold of anyone when you call the unemployment phone number. And money is getting very tight. So if anyone has any insight/ knowledge on the subject please reply and if you need more info just let me know, thank you! And sorry about the long post.