So I recently moved to the university halls, I share the flats with 4 other students. They’re all nice. I get along well with everyone.Its just one particular flatmate, that is getting on my nerves lately. Shes nice too. But, only problem I’m having from her is that she keeps on borrowing basic stuff from me all the time. At first, I thought maybe because she needs it and she doesn’t have it at that time. I used to let her borrow it. However, the very next day after that she asked the same stuff and started borrowing other things and foods. I’m finding her very annoying now. As everytime, when I’m in my room, she knocks the door and borrows stuff. Even in midnight, she knocks the door to borrow stuff. Which I’m finding very annoying. I don’t have problem sharing some of the stuff. However, when she borrows my stuff every single time. Its just getting too annoying. As I’m a student myself and I didn’t stock up the stuff to share with others. Once or twice, I can share it. But, she can’t expect me to share it with her every single time. I’m so frustrated with her. I can’t even relax in my own room. Because, she disturbs me every single time by knocking the door and borrowing stuff (basic things). Also, she enters my room when I open it and doesn’t leave my room for a long time. And she opens my wardrobe, touches my makeup stuff and sprays my expensive perfume like its nothing around her. I’m so frustrated with her. I’ve told her so many times that she needs to buy her own stuff and I can’t let borrow my stuff all the time. But, she keeps on making excuses.I feel like I can’t tolerate her any longer. I’m thinking of changing the room so that I can stay away from her because I feel like it’s affecting me so much. I know, it sounds stupid. Theres also no harm on sharing. I don’t mind sharing stuffs once or twice. But, sharing everything all the time. Its just too much. As I’m a student and not working at the moment. So I need to spend and save wisely too. I feel really frustrated by her behaviours. Maybe I’m overreacting, but I had enough.  I told the accomodation team that I want to change the room. However m, they’re asking whats the reason of moving. But, I feel like they’re not going to take my reason seriously. So, I told them I wasn’t feeling comfortable in that flat. They said they’ll contact me in two/three days time. But, I think they took it another way and going to investigate further. Do you guys think, I should’ve told what I was going through? Or Just wasn’t feeling comfortable in that room was alright reason to move? Because the staff didnt sound convinced enough. And I felt stupid too.