This is not my story to story that my cousin had told me. One night as we were up late out by the lake fishing on a secluded area only lit by the fire light and the sounds of the water crashing into the rocks gently. He told me about it all legend that him and his friends used to joke about before they realize that it was true. Devils mans road Is apparently one of the world you were not supposed to go on specially at night around 3 AM. During the day when you do a crossroad all you see are these metal shack house is tiny ones for car parts aluminum pieces whatever was found out there. The story goes that if you reach on that road far enough at 3 AM your car will stop mysteriously. And you were taken by the Satanic worshipers that live in those shack metal houses. Without a trace without anything to be found you just disappear. My cousin and his friends decided they wanted to try to go out on this road to prove them how the legend is not true. He explained to me saying that while they were driving on this road before 3 AM not even far enough in there was just a random dirty people walking around aimlessly for no reason. He said that it felt as if they had nothing left to live for no soul in their eyes just a blank stare. As it reaches closer to 3 AM the car started to slow down it started slow down. His friends laughed joking that it was legend coming true. My cousin didn’t find it funny how do you started to notice that the people were not walking around anymore they all stared at them through the windows of the car more and more gathering each passing second. As they begin to realize the situation they try to read the engine up to scare them away so that they can continue with the car starting to not work leaving them stuck there. He said to me that they started getting closer and closer touching the car and mumbling words gibberish that he couldn’t understand. As if a miracle came by the car started to work before it reached 3 AM just two minutes before and I drove backwards far as I can while the people were running after them. Once they reach safely on the road they decide to never return that roadside again.