My room in my house is not a bedroom, it’s what I call a sunroom but idk if that’s the right word for it. It’s wall to wall covered in large windows, and there’s a door that leads directly to the backyard. In my neighborhood, animals like stray cats and possums walk around all the time, I’m used to the sound of their small footsteps outside, leaves crunching. I live with my mother and her aunt and they both go to sleep at around 10. I have insomnia so I’m usually up till like 5am. I recently have been hearing a lot more footsteps than usual, they are way heavier and harder than a small animals. The footsteps come from the side of my room where the door is and go all the way around to the large open window right above my bed. I don’t know if it’s a larger animal or whatever but they sound like they are walking straight up to the window and stopping. This always happens at night so I can never see anything out there. I keep all the windows and the door locked and covered at all times. About a month or two ago, I shaved around my head leaving the top of my hair long. I like to rub my fingers up and down the shaved parts of my head so I know what it feels like to have fingers on my head. Last night, I was watching YouTube and fell asleep with arms tucked in my blanket since I’m basically outside whatever temperature it is outside, is the temperature it is in my room. I drifted off around 2 and woke up again about an hour later. Because I was half asleep and in a blanket burrito I just laid there trying to get back to sleep. I don’t know if this was a dream, but I could feel cold gusts of wind on the back of my head, almost like something was breathing. I pushed it off as it just being extremely cold and forced myself to go back to sleep. I was almost there when I heard a clicking sound, I assumed it was my aunt opening my room doors and pretended to be asleep because I didn’t want to talk and I know she was gonna ask me random question. But I didn’t hear her grunts(she’s kinda old and grunts at every movement she makes) so I just laid there. Suddenly, I feel fingers run from my ear up, stroking my hair in the opposite direction. Started from my ear, going up. My dumb as just said “stop it lady” and rolled over. After rolling over I fell asleep in seconds. In the morning I got up and went to her room and asked her what she wanted from me and she looked at me like I was crazy. I told her that I felt her touch my head and she told me she just woke up and hasn’t been out of bed yet. I said “no last night at like 3” and she said she has been in her mask since 11. (She has to wear a breathing mask in her sleep) and I can tell that she has serious, so I say maybe it was mom and go to as her and she said the same thing and I believed her. Now I feel like I’m going crazy because I swear on Min Yoongi that i FELT SOMETHING TOUCH MY HEAD THE WRONG WAY!! I just got back into room and jump back in my bed and wrap in my two blanket because it was beyond freezing. I feel another gust of wild from behind me again and I turn around in confusion. Then I noticed that the window right over my head was unlocked and cracked open.