So I live in utah and 2 years ago I went on a back pack hike up the wasatch mountains. Done this countless times before. Usually go by myself with my dog. Was gonna be gone 4 days told people the general area I was gonna be showed them on maps ect.  Anyways hike up is gorgeous weather is moderate during the day a little chilly at night but nothing horrible. But as I broke down camp to start my 2 day hike back to my truck. I could feel something watching me but brushed it off till my dog started growling. Stopped looked around couldn't see anything figure she must have seen a fox or a deer. Get camp broken down and packed. And about 2 hours into the hike I can still feel something watching me and my dog is still on edge as were walking out. Being real weird staying right by my side. (She is usually running around smelling things and just staying in line of sight) so we keep going till we get into a clearing mabey 36 yard circleish shape. Decide to take a break and wait and see if I can figure out what is going on. So we sat there for an hour to hour and a half. My dog is drinking water I havent seen anything scanning the tree line. (we were in bear country so I though mabey a spring bear desperate for food.) And I'm about ready to call it good and get back to hiking. Out of no were my dog looses her shit. I start scanning agine still see nothing. Out of the corner of my eye I see a mountain lion just crouched watching me. I panic start yelling at it making myself look big. It backs off a little but for the most part still stands it ground. My dog is barking growling but is also to scared to get close. (She hasn't seen one before then.) I Realise its probably been stocking us and is probably desperate for food and is willing to take a greater risk to get it. So after the basic cougar defense dosnt work. I draw my side arm. (Remember I'm in bear country and I'm not gonna let myself or dog  be eaten by a bear!) So I got a gun in one hand and am now holding my dog by her harness in the other. I fire a shot into a tree near by to scare it off. The cougar jumps and runs away.   Now scared shitless I start gathering things up and trying to put distance between us and the cougar. We made what should have been a 2 day hike out into a day and a half. I slept mabey 3 hours cause I was so scared the rest of the time. Reported it to the DWR as soon as i got cell service. I explained everything that had happened and told them the general area. I now refuse to hike that whole mountain range without someone else.