This might be kinda weird but based on the events we’ve seen recently in the series I actually think Terrence might be a previous student from New Bostin who transferred after the events that occurred there. This could be plausible considering the three month gap John took before also transferring into Wellston. John actually first encounters Terrance in the second episode where John saves him from another low/mid tier. After John starts fighting the guy you can actually se Terrance use his invisibility to slink away. At that point in time I would have just called him a coward but as recently stated in episode 172(Spoiler Warning), Roland and Evie said that he immediately ran away as soon as they encountered the fake joker. Considering Terrances extensive knowledge of pretty much everything that’s happened at school he would have already known that John was the real Joker. I think that he ran in both situations cause he had also used to go to New Bostin during the time when John was king. He’s impulsively scared of John because of what he’s seen he’s done to the point that he’ll abandon his friends immediately. This would also explain him tailing John that same night after he was saved the first time most likely to figure out whether he was the same person from New Bostin considering Johns personality and look change. The reason I don’t buy him being involved with the authorities or ember is because first they have mentioned multiple times that the two are most likely connected and Keon would have 100% already have jumped in if they knew about everything that had been going on with John. The same goes with nexgen who as Leila mentioned also have very close ties with the authorities. The only case I can’t understand about Terrances actions is when he tails Blyke, Remi and Isen to the mall. Unless he was failing them solely for the story why would he follow them there. In all of the other cases I’ve seen he’s always snooping around what John has been doing or when he is being discussed such as when Arlo and Cecile are talking about John beating up Arlo and Terrence is listening in. That’s all I really have but it’s just my guess because the character has been a constantly reoccurring plot point throughout the series