I get it,  people think oh "john shouldn't go that far", blah blah blah🙄🙄 "why is he hurting so many people". Blah blah blah🙄🙄 Those are the weakest, pathetic, most ignorant arguements to try to make out John for being some sort of shitty person. What?! Its so crazy that people irl and in uno shit on john for sleeping the crap out of people. All hes doing is dishing out the same pain the world has dealt to him and his friends THEIR entire lives! That's understandable. And that weak arguement that ohhh😱😱 hes beating people up for no reason, WHAT?!! That's happens all the time why is he getting shit for that. Almost EVERY confrontation john had with people was out of nowhere for no good reason. Why do people give him shit for that. Plus in new Bostin one of the MAIN reasons why he slept people left and right was because they followed him around, watching him like a hawk JUST to talk shit about him, when hes made it ABUNDANTLY clear that hes wants to be left alone. I'd do the same thing. WHAT makes this WORST is that people that do the same thing or even worse don't get the same shit that he does. Let's look at arlo who ADMITTED multiple times that he sent A MONTH tormenting john just for no "good!" Reason, And no one brings that up and talks to him for doing that, that fact is COMPLETELY ignored .Or claire WHO LITERALLY jumped john with 10 PEOPLE! And out of self defense murder stomped all of them. He got shit on for that to. The HYPOCRISY and blatant ignorance in this series with this character are so disturbing and its so disgusting. Honestly the I'm glad that he curb stomps people they deserve it ALMOST 99% of the characters in unordinary are scum . Tell me ONEEEE GOOD people that john has beat up in unordinary ONE, JUST ONE?!! The only character that shines a ray of light in this world full with twisted and power crazed hypocrites is seraphina. I mean she knows she ignorant about the situation with john and shes trying to fix that by talking to claire and TRYING TO help and understand him. It's so bad, all of the people that john Crub stomped are ALL SCUM AND TRASH like he said.