if you want to keep hating on X, go ahead, but please read this first if your actually trying to understand where the dude came from. X was raised in a very dark time and place and his mom was not really there for him as a kid and she couldn’t take care of him so he would regularly switch homes, living at his grandmas sometimes and sometimes his friends. He stabbed a man when he was 6 because the man tried messing with his mom, and he regularly fought kids in school and go into a lot of trouble. In his early teens he was shaped by the environment around him and became a really fucked up, and insane person. He robbed houses and beat up a guy in prison. There are accusations of X beating his ex and i ( a big X fan ) do believe that although he probably didn’t do every thing his ex accused him of, he most likely did abuse her to some extent. After his grey hair era, i believe he desperately tried changing to become a better person. He started the helping hand challenge, gave his fans word of advice and motivation, pushing them to fight and keep trying their hardest, he hosted many charity events and was supposed to do one the weekend of his death. He was fatally shot and murdered in his car on June 18, 2018. Now, i don’t think any of his previous abusive history can be pushed aside as he was a fucked up person. But you have to respect the man for trying to become a better person and almost completely becoming the opposite of what he had been almost 2-3 years before his death, even though he was brought up in such a dark past.  He was a confused man and i don’t believe he wanted to do anything with his past self which explains why in his music video for SAD he beats up his previous self. This is also shown in the song “ i spoke to the devil in miami he said everything would be fine” But as soon as he was headed towards the right path, he was shot and killed. I think X was a man who was at war with himself constantly and was trying to forgive himself for his past, but it was always with him, and it’ll always follow him. I don’t think we celebrate his death, because although he was a fucked up person in his past, he had two versions of himself, and the better version was stopped in the process. This is i think everything i have. I’m ready for the downvotes and the “ you really just wrote all that” but let me know what you guys think and even if you still hate everything about him, let’s just have a civil discussion.