People want to lay the blame at the Millennials feet for how they grew up and how they act now.. but what kind of role models did they have? People go all crazy nostalgic over the 60s and 70s because of the civil rights movement and because of “great music” but who acknowledges the damage that they did. “Free love” turned into fear of commitment and an attitude that as soon as a relationship gets tough you just go find someone else. They fought for equal rights but stopped at equal pay.. including disability by the way. Their excuse used to be that men deserved more because they were providers but they aren’t providers anymore. In fact I’ve seen plenty of men living off of women even though they make less. They’ve used the excuse it’s because we get periods and maternity leave, but not all women have children and if you’re going to pay less because of menstruation then give us the week off too like other countries do. They made divorce a normal thing so that their kids didn’t have parents around because the single one had to work. The 80s kids were the first generation of “latch-key” kids who basically had to raise themselves because not everyone could afford nannies while the parent/parents were off at work. They’ve steadily raised the price of everything so now both parents have to work if they are even together so these kids coming up have noone too. Heroin left the hospitals and hit the streets in the 70s so.. thanks for that as well. They started this party culture, this drive of have to drink.. have to do drugs. They say Millennials are infantile, well you should’ve met my parents. They were even worse. They fought and acted like children both of them, before my mother died we had total role-reversal and I sounded like the parent most of the time. My father still pitches a fit, yelling and screaming like a child if anyone touches his things. He goes out all night and drinks and does drugs in his 60s and comes home and blasts his progressive rock on his surround sound system until 6am, passes out then gets up and starts all over. If that’s what my parents were like I know a lot of others had parents the same way. So if we were talking about pets instead of children, say you had a dog, and that dog was left alone most of the time as it grew up, and it grew up not knowing any better and destroys your house.. who’s to blame? The dog for doing what comes naturally, or the owner for not teaching it how to behave? So instead of blaming an entire generation for how it turned out, why not accept some responsibility for that outcome and think before you speak!