I’ve been an Orbit for little over a year now and while I do still love LOONA and they’ll always be my ult group, the fan base recently has become so insufferable and just annoying. The first is with having a new villain every 3 months. The first is Jaden Jeoung who was LOONAs old creative director. While I personally don’t like Jaden and I understand why an orbit wouldn’t like him (forcing the girls to keep certain hairstyles even when it was physically hurting them or forcing diets) Orbits were brining him up in EVERY conversation even months after he left. And while there were funny memes of it there were also Orbits who were acting like jealous Exes as well. Then we get to the current villain which is BBC, LOONAs company. Literally everywhere I go all I see is “fuck BBC” on literally anything LOONA related. Now is BBC or hell any kpop company saints? No not at all and I won’t pretend they are. Hell I’ll even say BBC has most definitely has had errors such as lawsuits against them, predebut diets members had (I don’t know how severe the diets were but I’ll still put it here knowing the industry), how bad and truly awful line distributions are and some fault for the year hiatus. However now it’s just gotten ridiculous for the stuff some Orbits are getting angry about. One is “They’re not getting promoted enough”. Big ass lie, this era is by far the most promotion I’ve seen of Loona, they’re constantly having interviews, on TV shows and getting really good side gigs for members such as Jinsouls OST or Heejin appearing in Ben’s MV. I’ve been impressed honestly and it seems like everyday we’re getting new content from the girls. Than you have the recent ones with Kim Lip and Olivia Hye not being with the group when they did they’re Immortal Songs gig and 88rising. Orbits were demanding BBC to send out a statement we’re claiming Kim Lip and Olivia were being mistreated. Here’s the thing, BBC dosent have to tell us shit about what Kim Lip and Olivia are doing and what is going on in their personal lives right now. People are so obsessed in knowing what’s going on in these girls lives that they forget that there’s a pandemic going on right now and there is a very high chance that someone in their family could have died or be sick. Even if that isn’t the case, we don’t deserve the right to know everything about their personal lives and we should support the girls that are currently promoting. Than there is the even more recent fuck up by the fandom with LOONAs 88rising appearance. If you don’t know Orbits were mad that LOONA “only” had 15 minutes on 88rising’s Asia Rising Forever stream (completely ignoring that they had more time than other artists, they were the closing act and that this stream was meant for a charity) and decided to start going through Rich Brian’s tweets and trying to cancel him for tweets he made when he was 13 living in Indonesia. Orbits don’t realize that they’re literally only hurting LOONA by doing this and possibly limiting people wanting to collaborate with them in future because their fan base dosent know how to act. It’s embarrassing and all of this is giving the girls such a bad rep right now.