I want to preempt my opinion by saying that lately every corner of reddit has been non-stop politics, America-hate, and pro-rioting and that I've seen far more hyperbolic and extremist speech than any point in recent memory. Almost all reasonable discussions about the current day issues, specifically regarding the burning down of Minneapolis and the injustice of the day (racial injustice), are being downvoted massively or at least ended with an oddly upvoted minority, hopefully?, saying nonsense like" violence is the only option now", "time for a revolutionary war", and "we've tried to be peaceful before". Not only do the majority of keyboard warriors have zero intention to follow through with these idiotic threats, but the majority are also not the type to have any real idea of what race war and war with the military would mean for life in this country. Death, instability, and worse. I get that the average age of reddit tilts low twenties and that radical ideas and a desire to make change is a matching idealogue for youth, but I honestly cant understand how people claim to want mass death, violence, and destruction of their life for the sake of a battle that is obviously being pushed by news media, social media, and a violent minority. Other things that I've noticed is many radical opinions being spammed, and spam upvoted/downvoted, and an odd amount of call to arms and discussion of a war in America by non-american users, an agenda of hating others and radicalization is definitely being pushed heavily online. I'd also point out specifically that I truly dont know anyone in person who is desiring or encouraging violence or against police training reform and higher internal "police policing". If anything, I felt that the political climate has had very similar opinions among left and right in regards to positive change in the future for this, until the recent rioting and violence. And to end things, I guess it'd only be fair to answer "What is the answer to racial injustice and political unrest?" I think that the problem with these explosive situations that span the real and online world with extremism is there isnt time of cooldown and thought allowed to think through the tough problems. So I think that first some time to dampen emotions is needed so that discussion can begin across racial, political, and social divides. Then debate and discussion can lead way to new policy, then enforcement and real positive change can begin. I think that our countries issues and the way discussion is handled today have no common goals in line. People need to be able to begin real and honest discussion and sadly echo chambers, like reddit, Twitter, and modern day people's bias, are holding actual positive change back. Moderation, banning, downvote brigading, censoring, and just a modern lack of listening even for a moment to the other side is wildy harmful and I truly hope that this national tragedy can still have some hope of leading to something that betters the life of many people, that isnt a free stolen tv or good.