I’m becoming annoyed with how often on Reddit I read comments of someone bragging about how they tried to “save their ex” but they couldn’t fix *insert random issue here*. No, most likely you were never actually the weeping martyr staying with your exes for the selfless reasons you claim, and you need to stop tooting your own horn. I have dealt with thousands of therapy clients within individualized and group settings that often play up their own heroics in current or past relationships, but they don’t hold enough self-awareness to reflect on how they were attracting their relationship negativity (and sometimes even creating it). Most people stay in relationships past their expiration date to satisfy their own emotional or financial needs, but apparently I keep coming across Reddit users ‘selflessly saving the world one broken person at a time’...Give me a break. It saddens me how often one spouse is accused of being some type of way by the other spouse who is subconsciously enjoying & sometimes even provoking those feelings within their partner. (Ex. like accusing your spouse of being “clingy” but constantly ignoring them or putting them down). No...I’m not saying the “clingy” spouse doesn’t have fears & insecurities they need to work through, I’m saying they might work though these issues faster in a supportive relationship where their needs feel met also. Just like how the narcissist type will always attract the empathic type, we subconsciously attract the energy (good or bad) that we believe we need to receive. Maybe just maybe...these complaining spouses LIKED their clingy counterparts at some point because they felt more desired while simultaneously having their own deep-seated insecurity of feeling undesirable. But eventually that clingy spouse becomes just a mirror reflecting back those deep seated insecurities in both parties. Say what you want, but even if you evolve emotionally faster than your partner in a relationship, at one point they matched your energy, and you attracted exactly what you thought you needed. The drama triangle theory of interaction places all people into 3 possible toxic roles within a conflict...either you are acting as the victim, the bully or the rescuer. But when a victim acts on a higher vibration and attempts to change their situation other just than complaining, they instead become a creator. When a bully stops blaming and putting someone down, but tries to persuade or inspire change, they become a challenger. When the rescuer stops believing “you need me to fix you” but instead says “I know you are capable”, they become a coach. When we are self-aware of the 3 roles we emotionally skip around in during every conflict, we can choose to take the higher path of each. The victim won’t  feel or act hopeless, but they become a creator taking responsibility of the situation. If we feel like a victim in a situation—but we despise being viewed as a victim—we might become a bully blaming another person for our problem instead of taking personal responsibility and creating a solution. We skip around & reverse these toxic roles to get our needs met, but they are never actually met until we don’t act in a victim, bully or rescuer role but instead act from a creator, challenger or coach mentality. So back to my original complaint...did you really try to rescue your ex but they weren’t savable? I doubt it. I bet after you outgrew the attention from that clingy spouse you used to enjoy, you probably just bounced around in the toxic drama triangle with them until you broke up. If you are bragging about being the hero/rescuer to your ex, you were more likely the toxic version of a coach. You honestly believed that they were not capable of change without you, so in many ways you enjoyed them remaining in the victim role. Make a person believe they need your help to change, and they never will. Coach them that they are capable of this change on their own, and they just might. “My Ex couldn’t help themselves so I had to leave”...maybe, but did you honestly support & encourage their changes? Or did you bully them into changing or enable them from changing because you weren’t ready to evolve yourself? If you truly actually attempted to “save your ex”, I bet you wouldn’t be the type to brag about it online. If you stayed with someone past the expiration date to “help them”, it’s because you were still in love with them or something within the hierarchy of needs was still appeasing you. I highly doubt it’s because you are just the selfless prophet you are claiming to be. So please...unless you reevaluate your past relationships to understand the role you actually played...please keep your egotistical comments to yourself.