i was arguing with a friend on the topic and i compiled a list of what i think are the reasons the nintendo switch is less than ideal: “overpriced games, overpriced system, poor quality, low selection of good games, major delay on switch compatabilty release of games, poor screen quality, poor graphics quality, extremely low memory space, only 30 out of the “2000” games are actually feasible to play, most of those games are just part of a series anyway, nintendo markets games created by their own companies rather than others, most of their series are over 15 years old”. now, let me explain some of these points. the new resident evil 3 remake costs $60 because its graphics had a huge overhaul and because they changed several game mechanics and added to the story and gave players who had never played re games a new experience. animal crossing, a new nintendo game, also costs $60 which is way overpriced. you mean to tell me a masterpiece with hyper realistic graphics and a complete overhaul of game mechanics has the same quality of the same animal crossing game with a new name slapped onto it? the graphics look almost the exact same as any other animal crossing game, too. it brings nothing unique or special to the table. also, in no world should the nintendo switch cost $300. i could buy an xbox one or ps4 with infinitely better quality for $200. the quality of the nintendo switch is lower as well (nintendo runs at 720p while a PC of the same price can run 4K at 60fps). also, games that come out on other platforms first, take ages to reach the switch. why would you wait a year for a game that was released last month? see what i’m saying? they also rely way too heavily on nostalgia and love of the company to market things (image over quality) seen by how they release mario games (or any other series for that matter) that are all virtually the same in both graphics and game mechanics while having a bland story that was tired in 1983 when the first mario game came out. very rarely have i heard people say they like the switch for quality. almost always, they say “i loved playing mario as a kid!” or something along those lines, further proving my point the switch is sold from company image rather than quality. also 32 gb of memory is garbage. i have more than three times that on my phone. that’s another reason why several games aren’t released to nintendo switch: they won’t even fit in the memory space on the “console”!