Okay, so I think that the movies aren’t good enough for the incredible universe that is Star Wars. Yes, I’m saying that most of the movies weren’t up to par. I will go in timeline order telling why. Phantom Menace: Great opportunity, kinda missed it. Most of the first half of the movie was just kinda cringe worthy dialogue (this little fact repeats itself quite a bit throughout Star Wars) and not much happening. And, of course, everyone’s favorite gungan. It wasn’t until the end were things got really epic. The duel of the fates was one of the best duels ever in Star Wars. I kinda liked Anakin blowing up the droid control ship as it showed his force abilities and natural skill in the cockpit. The gungan land battle was okay, and a bit eye roll worthy with Jar-Jar running around the battle field like a chicken with its head cut off. Attack of the Clones: This was such a great opportunity to make an epic, however the dialogue was just terrible. I really liked the Kamino scenes with Obi-Wan and the arena scenes were also great. The clones were awesome, it was such a interesting concept, and they did it well. However, I feel as thought they made Anakin too whiny. I know there is justification for this, but really after years of training under a great Jedi you would think he learned a bit of emotional stability. Then there was the whole Padme-Anakin love scenes which even I, a hardcore SW fan, could barely handle. It just kinda left me with a bad taste. Revenge of the Sith: This is pretty much one of the only movies I think was great. It really portrayed Anakin’s fall to the dark side well, and it showed how manipulative Sheev is. Solo: It was just a bit off. For me, the inclusion of Maul at the end didn’t feel right. It just seems Disney put him there to induce a kind of shock excitement that they try to go for. It seems just like we might be left hanging with that plot. It just doesn’t correlate well with the OT. So you have Han, who somehow nine years later (by my pretty rough guesswork) shows no signs of a past love interest, a history with maul and the other gang syndicates besides the Hutts. Rogue One: Another movie I didn’t have too many problems with, but it just felt forgettable somehow. Honestly for me the only really good part was the Vader scene at the end. A New Hope: A classic. Really, it’s hard to argue against the movie about plotholes, or any odd appearances by anybody because it is the source of it all. I think it was good, except for the slower paced story, which I don’t love in SW. Empire Strikes Back: Some people consider it to be the greatest movie of all time, which says a lot. The “Luke I am your father” and all the rest really worked well. Return of the Jedi: It just wasn’t quite as good as the rest of the OT. I feel it had more cringeworthy dialogue hen the rest, and the Empire making a second Death Star is highly illogical. TFA: This was the movie I find to be the best out of all the sequels. It set a lot of things up, and introduced some good characters. However, they just seemed to recycle a lot of things and it was a very okay movie. TLJ: This was the worst SW movie to date. It ruined some characters, like Finn who went from being a interesting story to becoming the funny side character that yells Rey’s name too often. It also introduced a universe breaking detail, the hyperdrive ram. There are several counter arguments to this being canon breaking, but all of them are bs. [This is a good video to watch to debunk it](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbENyDHE4Ww) . It was just such a massive disappointment. TROS: It wasn’t very good. It didn’t explain in the slightest how Palpatine came back (I think they left you to assume he had clones of himself and transferred his force energy into them). It didn’t explain how in the world palpatine and his accolades were able to construct about 10,000 star destroyers in like 20 years. It also forced us to watch that kiss. *Shudders* In summary, the SW movies when George Lucas had control were cringy, and not well produced, while the Disney movies had gaping plotholes, forced character appearances (Lando on a really random planet anybody) , and bad character development. However, looking outside the movies, the main TV shows such as the Clone Wars and the Mandalorian have been great. As well as this, the EU is incredible. I highly recommend you read some comics or novels (if you have a kindle and amazon prime, there is a good amount of content), or just watch some generation tech or Geetslys on YT. If you are a SW fan and haven’t gone into this yet, I cannot express how much you should. So, what is the solution to this? Maybe look more into the EU Disney, you’ll find something good. Also maybe get Filoni to do a movie.