All my life, every crush I ever had, never liked or loved me back. I’ve had many unrequited loves. Always one sided. How does anyone expect to believe in love and soulmates or whatever, when the one they truly want, doesn’t want them back? This goes past attraction and the idea of being in a relationship, this is real. And I hate to complain or rant about trivial things like love because I’ve been raised to work and keep myself busy instead of expressing my feelings, and to always put myself in other people shoes. Other people have it worse than me, and I’m over here crying about a boy who doesn’t love me back. I’m a masochist. I enjoy inflicting pain on myself, I apparently love humiliating myself because I never learn from my past. If I can’t be with my crush, then I always settle to being their friend. I’d rather have them around, than to not have them at all. And it hurts. And I’m stuck. It hurts seeing them in happy relationships, and it hurts that it isn’t me making them happy. But I’m also happy they’re happy. But I stick around. Always the bridesmaid, never the bride. That’s me. No one takes into consideration how I feel. And I’m upfront about my feelings from the very beginning. They know I’m interested in them as more than friends. But they always place me into a little brother, friend category. I never had a chance. They’re comfortable talking to me about their relationship woes, confessing to me their intimate secrets, and I’m a shoulder to cry on. I want to be all that, but I also want to be more! I’m funny, decently handsome, I could go to the gym more regularly, I have a good job with opportunities for growth, and I’m a homebody. I’m so lonely, but I have friends and family that love me, and that should be enough right? So why do I feel so alone and devoid of love? Everyone I’ve ever wanted to be with, just don’t want me. I’ve told the latest crush how I liked him, and if there was ever a possibility we could be together. There wasn’t. And I just laughed it off and made it seem like a joke. And I cried afterwards. And now he says with someone halfway across the world who he’s never met, when I’m right here a few minutes away. We talked on the phone for 6 hours last night, me listening as a friend and him talking about how excited he was while I laughed and joked with him, making it seem normal, like I was ok. It hurt. It’s hurts so much. I have a ball in my throat from the feeling of wanting to break down and cry, but I can’t cry anymore. It’s my fault because I stayed friends with him. But I love him so much and I just want to be around, but I want to be the one making him happy. I want him to be happy, but with me. I can’t keep falling for these guys who don’t want me. It hurts too much. I can’t be their friends without feeling immense pain. So what do I do? Break off the friendship? The idea of not knowing what their doing in worse. Maybe I’m obsessed? So I should keep busy. But I’m not productive because all I can think about is him. It’s a cycle, a roller coaster I can’t get off. I just want someone to underhand me for me, who’s happy with me, who just vibes with me. I’m 27, I’ve never felt that giddy, excited, corny type of love. Only ever seen it. Am I not deserving of it? What did I do? I don’t think I’ve hurt anyone with evil intent. Maybe as an accident? What did I do wrong? I just need this to change. I have everything I need, and I’m grateful! Not the thing I want the most. Is that selfish? Greedy? I don’t have any answers. Tell me I’ll be ok.