It's just that you came to me saying you changed. That you missed us and wanted to be in both of our lives. Not just for finn, but for me. You don't know what that meant to me. And the first few days, I actually thought maybe you were different. I let myself trust you for a second, but you just let me down. And you keep doing that. It's like you just want me to want you. Well I do. But like I said, I'm not going to allow you to keep doing this. It's such a roller coaster, and every time I get angry because I'm mad at myself for letting you have a hold on me still. You could have everything you ever wanted with me, but you just keep throwing it away. The same excuses, "I'm working" when we both know you have at least 3x in your work day when you can pop in and say hi. Just that much, is all I've ever wanted from you. The bare minimum. And when you still, after all this time- of being without me, and wanting me back- can't even message me, it says so much. And it fucking hurts. So yeah, I get mad, and I call you out on shit. And maybe I'm harsh. But wtf do you expect? I'm not Jessica, I'm not going to cater to your every need, and fucking hound you until you commit to seeing finn on certain days, and pick you up, and drop you off, and take initiative. I'm not his dad, you are. You had so much time, it would have been so easy for you to just reschedule our plans. I left that up to you, and you haven't even tried. Even though you know we're moving in 2 weeks. I can't sit here, feeling this much sadness, and look at this situation, and honestly say that you care. There's just no way. I'm not going to wait for you this time. I can't, it's breaking my heart every second of everyday. Because that's how often I think of you. All the time. When I'm working, when I get any notifications on my phone, when I look at my son, when he laughs, when I scratch his back, or he makes that one specific face and I can see you in him. I think of you in the shower, when I'm getting ready, When I go to sleep, I always imagine you there with us. I'm always. thinking. of. you. And for some stupid reason, I truly believed that you thought of us too. But it's so clear that you don't. Actions say everything ray.