Yeah you are and you know it. This past month has been so much fun! I really enjoy spending time with you And our group of Mutual friends. But mostly you there’s something about you that drives me insane. I can’t quite Figure out what it is I like about you the most. I’m infatuated with you not in a creepy kind away there’s just something about you that has me intrigued I respect you I respect your honest and open you are about your past. I don’t know if you noticed but all of us in the group just love listening to you talk about past experiences and the mistakes you’ve made and how you learn from them out of all the people in our group it’s safe to say you were the only one who’s really been through some shit in your life that neither one of us can comprehend. I can’t speak for everyone else that I can honestly say that we are all really proud of you and how far you have come we know it was an easy climbing out of that hole or as you say as quickly as you did how can someone like you who is been through so much turmoil and has suffered so much loss in their lives still be very humble giving understanding and forgiving you’re amazing I wishI could tell you how I really feel about you instead I’ll just sit back Unnoticed. You notice me I think you do just not in the way that I notice you you stated many times that you’re not looking for a relationship and that you’re not looking for conversation I know you’re trying to find yourself and you’re just trying to figure things out but I can’t help but feel that I would love to be there with you holding your hand and holding you every step of the way helping you try to figure out what it is and where it is you want to go in life I just want to be there included that a part of the group like how it is now but a part of you dammit I wish I could just tell you these things but I’m afraid if I did you wouldn’t reciprocate the same way you would friend zone me and I don’t know if I could handle the rejection as well as some guys canI’ve seen you turn down a lot of guys especially once in our group poor bastards. Lol How does it feel knowing that just about all the guys in our group secretly want you just like I do I’ll never act on it and I know I’ll never tell you how I feel because I don’t want to ruin what we all have going on right now you’re not looking for anyone I think you’re still hung up on your ex u don’t say much about him but We all know That you are still in love with him.I often wonder that if he wasn’t with someone else and if he came back would you take him back I forget all about us forget all about me not that I have ever existed in your realm anyways...I’ll settle for being a fly on the wall and adore you from a far. Good night  beautiful Chel Will see you this weekend for bowling and wings. Sincerely the guy you barely notice in the group