How dare you? You were verbally and mentally abusive to mom when me and my sis were younger. You would hit us with your belt with the excuse that’s how your dad taught you. You got irrationally angry about things and never showed me how to face the world. How dare you give me the curse of your bloodline on such a fundamental level that I became you? I did coke and cheated on the woman I loved more than anything just so I could feel like a man. And I thought I could hold it in forever, but that rotted my soul to a point that I became you with her. Only to find out you’ve cheated on mom not once but twice. You cut your arms and got sent to a psych hospital and my sister and I were the only ones willing to deal with you. For her own purposes, mom took you back one last time. And that just broke me. My thoughts and emotions were torturing me so much that I ruined the view of love my wife and I had as we were trying to work through our stuff. But you made me open up the genie bottle that I had to be sent to 2 psych hospitals and spent most of the quarantine battling my demons without the woman I love. You got your own happy ending and I was left. And you look at me and tell me better days will come. That believing in the law of attraction of whatever bs will bring good things, like it did for you and mom. Why would my wife take me back? I couldn’t even function as a normal human and acted pathetic and desperate when in the beginning she was willing to work things out. But you shattered my reality, and now everything feels surreal. My mind can function as normal as possible with all of this depression and anxiety, my emotions feeling so powerful and all this love I want to give to my woman is just there. She’s gone, and for as much as I blame myself, I blame you too. So you better enjoy your time with mom. I’m glad it took you 22 damn years to learn to be an actual father and that taking café of your family should be a priority. Now you come check on me, asking how you can help my mental state. Why don’t you get in a time machine and learn to be a good father? Why couldn’t you learn how not to treat your children with what you went through? Why couldn’t I learn how to not treat a woman I loved more than myself with what I saw how you treated mom? So you better enjoy getting a happy ending at 40 something years old while I have to go through a divorce at 22 when exposed myself and broke down.