I hate thinking of you so much. Why the fuck is it such a problem with me? Why is it you that I can’t get over? I felt something with you I haven’t felt in years. We were only together for barely a month and we’ve been split for more than that. So why the hell am I still dreaming about you? Why do you plague my thoughts during the day and invade my dreams at night? It seems I’m reminded of you everywhere but I don’t want to be. I just want to move on so why can’t I. Why did you have to put me through this while I’m going through all this bullshit with myself. What perfect timing to perfectly fuck me up. I just hate how happy you are and how unhappy I am. I hate how I don’t know why I’m unhappy. I hate that I hate so much. I hate feeling angry and moody but I can’t get a god damn break from you. I hate how I have to go though this alone because of this stupid quarantine. I hate how much better you are than me. I hate how good things ended and all the wishes of luck. At least if you gave me a reason to resent you I wouldn’t be so stuck on you. I hate you so much because I know that I was falling in love with you but you weren’t falling for me. Or maybe you were and I don’t know and that’s the bad part is that I don’t know anything. I hate how much I lack and how thinking of you reminds me of that. I hate that I can’t let you go but I can’t hold onto you either. Nothing makes sense. I hate how I feel that this pain is necessary for me to succeed and make it. I hate how I have to go through this and that I’ve been going through this for weeks. I hate you because I hate myself. I hate myself because I don’t understand myself. I hate myself because I’m having trouble filling the void. Hookups and meaningless relationships aren’t helping anymore because I know what it lacks and what I don’t feel for them that I felt for you. I knew you for a month and a half max so why was the connection so strong. Why do I still feel it and why can’t I drown it out with booze and sex. They’re unhealthy habits but they’re all I know and they don’t work anymore. I hate you so much for royally fucking me up while Im already being screwed over by myself. I hate you because in a month you made me open up my heart and then you left after I finally managed to feel emotions and now that I am feeling again all I feel is sadness and hurt and confusion. You somehow broke me with almost no effort on your part and now you won’t leave my mind. I just hate you so much for that