I dont know why I feel so down. It all started with a little thing : I didn't how to change the ink cartridge and repeatedly said so but you just answered "work it out for yourself, something basic like that you should be able to do" in an exasperated tone. I asked a bunch of times which color "LC" meant, if the light blue was indeed the color that needed to be changed, but you just said "figure it out yourself". So I took an unopened blue cartridge  but could not find the ink cartridge drawer in the printer. I fumbled while glancing  back at you several times and you finally came and opened the drawer that was just in front of my eyes, took the correct cartridge (not the one I took, obviously) and was just basically done in an instant with something I struggled with like a fool. " It's really not complicated, did you really not know that? " and I felt so dumb and stupid, and did not know what to answer you. Yeah I really did not know how or what to do, and that's why I told you so. I just wanted you to tell me where was the drawer, I would've opened it myself and realize I had the wrong color or something. I know you have good intentions, and want me to try to do stuff on my own, be more resourceful. But just giving me pointers when I'm stuck on something would've been enough. I just felt so stupid and useless, a hopeless case. And I was a bit hurt. I know very well myself that I'm not the smartest or most resourceful person there is, but you didnt have to look so exasperated by how long I took when you left me to work it out by myself. It was a unnecessary reminder of how lacking I  am. I know it very well that that's one of my biggest flaw thank you very much. I really don't have the biggest self confidence and already make me feel miserable about myself on my own well enough that I don't want the person that I care the most about and which I want to impress the most to see how much I suck firsthand. It's probably the gist of how I feel, but it's still confusing and I'm still thinking about why it affected me so much, why i cried so much about this incident. Do I blame you ? Probably a little, I'd be lying if I said the opposite. Maybe I felt that you weren't understanding me, that stuff that seems obvious and comes easy to you just doesn't do that for me. Then again I feel like crap for thinking like this because nobody was born with the knowledge on how to change ink cartridge but people still manage just fine. I tell myself I probably was hurt by your reaction, but I feel like I'm always over dramatizing everything in my head all the time. It's just an ink cartridge after all.When you ask me what's wrong, why am I crying, how am I feeling, I can't answer you clearly because I don't know myself. In the moment I just feel bad, I can't speak because it'll make me cry (I'll cry even if I don't speak anyway) and I'll be choking on the lump in my throat whenever I open my mouth and try to speak. So I can't be very specific, especially when the only thing on my mind is to hide so that no one can see me crying.Then later I think about it to understand myself and what I'm feeling. I could reach to you then and be like "hey I thought about it and actually about the printer thing I felt this and this because this and that..." But it's just stupid and pointless but most importantly I'll just be victimizing myself further which I don't want. I dont wanna appear to be any more of a loser that I am now in your eyes and I don't need you to think I have a victim complex. Anyways, I hope you can forgive me for taking so long to figure out how I feel and why. I'm sorry for confusing you, putting you in a situation where you don't know what to do because you don't know what is happening and why I am crying. Im sorry for reacting like that, making you feel its your fault. I'm sorry for being such a mess. I love you.