Hey there, you're right next to me watching TV as I write this. You have no idea I'm writing this, in fact you have no idea what Reddit is, so I know you'll never see this. I told you this out loud but I feel like you don't believe me. I'm sorry that I wasn't truthful. I need you to understand you were under an immense amount of stress, and that I only kept the truth from you because I didn't want you to stress. I hate that you only refer to me as a kid to your friends. I understand you do that because you're afraid of judgement by your friends who you have known longer than I have been alive, but when do you plan on telling them the truth? That I'm not one of the kids, I'm your boyfriend, I have been for almost a year. I want to make things right with you, you deserve it. You've had a horribly rough past, and I want to make your future better than what you imagined. I imagine what our first house would look like, what kind of pets we'll have, I think about kicking your butt on our pool table you want so badly. I guess the point I'm making is I see your heart is starting to stray. You don't see that I see, but I do. It hurts. It keeps me up at night. I'm sorry you had to see me cry for the first time last night, but I just couldn't help it anymore. I'm terrified of losing you. I don't want a future without you. While you were away I was by your side the entire time, and you know that. I would happily do it again. I miss when we were insanely in love just two weeks ago, in fact, I love you so much I lost my virginity to you. I don't know how you feel about me at the moment, but I want you to know that I don't love you the way I did when we first got together. I love you more than that. You're the first in my life that I can say even though we sleep in the same bed, I don't want to go to sleep, because that would mean we would be away for a little while. I want to be by your side through the best and worst, rich or poor, in sickness and in health. I know you felt that way at some point. I'm afraid that may have gone away now. I hope, I pray, that I can win your heart once again. I promise I will never give you a reason to want to stray again. I want to grow up and be the man you deserve. I want you to be able to trust my word again, I want your heart again. No amount of words can explain how in love I am with you. Some people will judge us by our age difference, but I am not ashamed of it. We're both adults, who cares? Please give me another chance to make things right with you, to give you the love, and maturity, and respect you deserve. I know you're letting me but I can't help but let my insecurity get the best of me. I will make this right. I will win your heart again. I love you with all my heart and soul.