You’re one of my best friends, you were the first person I could open up to about my depression, anxiety and the first person I’ve ever helped through the same thing. It was my freshman year and you were a sophomore we were(and still are until this school year ends) in band together and on the first day of band camp I met you and her and I realized you guys really freaking liked each other; and I thought you guys were meant to be. We became friends and we never talked much which was alright, but then we both tried for Winter percussion and you beat me for the spot. Which was fine and then I was dropped and we really began talking. You were going through a break up with the girl who would later be known to me as my ex’s sister and who now I know was sexually abusive. I told you about how I wanted to die and you told me more about you and how you felt the same way.  The more I knew about you the more special and important I felt and we I thought had began flirting; I your nerd; you my dork and I never actually shot my shot. And you got with the girl who you claimed you didn’t like after making me guess who you liked and making it seem it was me. You guys started dating in April a little before I finally decided to tell you how I feel; but I didn’t know and told you only to be rejected. Which is fine, because when I did realize that you guys were together; I saw how happy you got; your eyes lit up, you got even happier. You no longer told me you want to die, SH, or anything of that nature. You smiled so much more you got so fucking happy and that’s what I always wanted you to be. Now when you even just hear her name your face lights up and you smile so goddamn big and I can just tell she’s the one for you. When you talk about her my god it’s one of the best moments in my life because you’re so at peace and happy I don’t want to ever see that taken away from you. So I’m so goddamn happy you love her and I will stay in my spot as friend to both of you and see how happy you are from the side.