I love you I love you I love you and not too. I feel this pull in my stomach that feels you’re right for me but I don’t trust myself. I go from one extreme to the other in a way that scares the hell out of me. I just need to sort out all the trauma and figure things out. ‪This is the first time that my love for someone doesn’t depend on the way they love me. I admire the way you’re so naturally adorable. Your sensitivity makes me want to hug you and protect you forever and I hate that i wasn’t able to. Every tear you ever shed killed me. I usually don’t give a single damn if my ex’s are happy or not but i would always check your tweets and likes to make sure they were positive and i didn’t like to see you weren’t doing 100% okay. I miss driving down that long ass road to see you. I miss being able to hold you. I miss falling asleep with you. Even though not copyrighted as your trait (theif), I miss admiring the way your mouth curled when you talked slowly. The way every sound had its own unique shape on your lips. Your voice so calm and soothing. I wish I could stare directly at your half painted toes again while you do that cute little dance in a failed attempt to hide them and yell “STOP” in a voice 20 pitches higher than your own. I couldn’t help but to grab you and kiss you every single time. God you’re so fucking cute. I miss when you were baby. and when i was occasionally baby. I wish we could dress up again and step out and be “bad bitches” together. It’s amazing how smart and driven you are. You’re going to be F.T, MD. and i know it even if you don’t. The thing i loved most about you was that you were my best friend. There was never any judgement between us, minimal jealousy, and we just always had the greatest fucking time together. I wish I had my shit more sorted out. Until then i need to stay far away from you. I can’t keep hurting you because of my own issues. I know you love me enough to stay and put up with me but i’m not going to do that to you. I’m not going to keep breaking such a beautiful perfect human. For once i know what it feels like to love someone so much you just want them happy even if they’re not with you.‬ I hope you’ll meet me in my dreams again soon so i can hold you. I hope we can see our favorite band and have one last good night. I love you F.