You know I don't. Why would I mention the deadbolt twice before leaving and reading that you for sure wouldn't fall asleep and would be waiting if I did have a copy? Where would I have gotten a copy of the deadbolt key?  Why couldn't you read my words and care enough to walk down the stairs and undo it if my presence meant that much to you?  Normally, maybe summoning me and standing me up again wouldn't be quite as hurtful. Maybe in a world where 70,000 people have died from a virulent airborne virus, on a day when I'd already dialed my risk up and cared enough (because I wanted to!) to get you a comfortable bed and a made to order mask for your protection (and felt bad I could give you guys only one!)...Maybe on a day that started with cunnilingus and coffee in bed and wound it's way through transparency and reassurances and promises and love emanating from whatever room we were in like heat from a wildfire... Maybe on a day like that....I dont know honey. Maybe we deserve a conversation free from ambien and wine in the wee hours when it's about our future hanging on edge of balance like this. I'm glad you reached out. You know I don't begrudge you your reasonable fears, your wine and Ambien and evenings filled with shows about murder (though im guessing that last one might mix with the previous 2 and color the world a darker shade of dim than it might otherwise be - maybe not).  This deserves our full attention and lucidity when we can give it. I know we can't always. Maybe somewhere rattling around in my words above or in the words that have seeped out of me since lie the bones of this grand gesture you say you need. Maybe a mediocre surrogate can be made from the things I've said and done. Maybe it's going to be our marriage. Maybe it would have been. Maybe maybe. The gesture that is biggest on my part is the honesty I've given you. The willingness to finally for the first time be a raw human to a woman who has the power to see the flick of life swimming in the current underneath the false floor where the cards get built.