I was horrible person and stupid to let you go. I live with it day by day with no end in sight. I hurt you in ways where if I did the same I would have left awhile back. I was young and stupid. Immature is my middle name. I realize I had the world in front of me and now I don’t. People were made for each other, I know that and I know that you were made for me. You helped me through the hardest times of my life. Been with me throughout my career in mma. Seeing me grow and improve. I can’t believe I let myself not see you were my person.  I was the toxic one. I was the one that pushed you away. You were perfect for me. I look at all of our old pics and see happiness for that spilt second and wanting to go back to the moments. I wish I can take it away and just make things right. I wish I can wake up to you everyday, I wish I can see you smile see you improve and see you grow. I grew up a lot since our last moment. I grew as a person. I understood myself and I became the version you knew I could become . I want you to know that I did it for myself and I did it for us. Even tho I know right now there isn’t us. Maybe someday we will. I want to see you happy , healthy and getting all your goals achieved as I am doing. My story is missing you. My movie isn’t about me it’s about us. You were what I needed and I knew that before and now more than ever. I want you to know there wasn’t a day , that I wasn’t thinking about you. And the way I hurt you. God I wish I could have taken it back. I apologize to you and you accepted it. I thank you for that. For letting me communicate with you. But then you told me you had a boyfriend... for a year and I realized that I lost you. I respect your relationship so I didn’t purse you after we talked but I did tell you that you were the one for me.. BUT what I should have said was I love you till the moon and back. That no matter how long forever takes we will be together. I want you to meet the man you were in love with for so long. The man that should have grown with you. maybe one day , we will see each other, on the street and we will lock eyes and we will know that our time is forever. And if it takes forever for you to love me again.. then we have our lifetimes for us to do it again. I will leave you with this message but know I’m here for you. You were and forever will be the love of my life, my rock and my best friend. I know you have reddit so maybe you will see this maybe not. But this is what I should have wrote to you .. I love you lizard. Be safe.