I know. I know I've said sorry so many fucking times and you're probably getting tired of hearing it. And I know I said it too late. But I am so sorry that I didn't give you the attention you wanted or deserved. And I'm really sorry that I acted like I didn't care when we broke up. But I didn't know how to cope with losing you and when I lost you, I didn't know what to do with myself. I didn't realize that you could make decisions too and that you weren't happy. I was so bad at showing it but I cared so much about you. And I still do. It's taken me so long to figure out how to say what I want, and when I did figure it out, I didn't say anything. Mia, you were my best friend for all that time, even though you might not have known it. And now it's just strange, to go from talking to you everyday to never talking. From texting all the time and constantly pausing whatever I was doing to text you back. From getting excited on Friday and Saturday because I knew you were coming over to just feeling lonely and regretfulness every weekend. I still think about how things could be different. How I could just be talking to you instead of writing this. And I wish that was the case. I wish that I went to your fashion show, took the picture with santa without complaining, even gone to another field hockey game. Because I was serious about going to another. But it's too late. And you just want to move on with your life. And want me to stop trying and move on too. I just want you back in my life. Never in a million years could you have told me that the last time we hung out was the last time. I spent an hour just on my phone with you asleep next to me. It was perfect. And I put a picture on your private story and you saw it and I couldn't tell if you were actually mad at me or not. But you left, and didn't hug me or kiss me and I was fine. I thought I would just have to wait until next week. But there wasn't a next week. And now it's gone. I know I should take you off my private story. And stop sending you streaks. But then you're gone for good and I don't want that to happen. I know I don't deserve one. But I really want another chance. I promise I'll try my best to do better. But I know you don't want to. I am so sorry Mia.