Dear best friend,  I still miss you. Its been 10 years, yet you still pop up in my dreams sometimes.  I relive the night we held hands as we walked up and down that big super store talking. We went around the whole store twice we had so much to say. I was so afraid that I didn't know how to express myself clearly, and neither did you. Yet we talked anyway. Saying the same vague things, skirting around putting words to our feelings as we tested out holding hands. We had been friends for so long, and here was something new and dangerous.  I think we were both trying to protect ourselves even as we tried to climb out of the friendzone. I had been in love with you for so long. I had wanted you to feel something, anything even remotely more than friendship for me since sophomore year. So my hopes climbed up to the sky when you spoke. You said you missed me. We used to text everyday, but when I started dating that idiot guitarist from out of town we grew apart. You said I was like your best friend, and how could I just stop talking to you? I said I had tried to force myself to move on and stop pining for you. You told my brother (your other BFF) that you only ever thought of me as a friend.  It broke my heart when he told me what you had said. So I did the only thing I could think of and I started dating the idiot guitarist.  (By the way I always thought you played much better) Then he cheated on me, lied to me, and I broke up with him. Now we had the chance to be together. Your dad called you and asked you to check on his friend's warehouse. We drove together catching up on the last few months we had been apart. When you got back in the car I thought you were going to kiss me. You looked straight at me and my heart forgot how to keep rhythm. Then you looked away, started the car and we drove back into town. When we got to my place we parked in the neighboring garage that was empty since the last renters had moved out. We turned in our seats so we could face eachother.  And you told me that the first girl you kissed would be your wife. You said you would only date someone if you were ready to get married. I felt blind sided. I thought we were on a date. I thought you finally wanted me to be your girlfriend.  It had been 3 years of push and pull with my emotions.  And you told me we could only be together unofficially. You said we needed to go back to being friends, and could hang out in a group, and maybe one day we could date. I was 20. You were 19. We weren't in high school anymore. But I felt like somehow I was the stupid little girl who you knew had a crush on you, and you were stringing me along again. I know now that wasn't your fault. It was me, I was jaded after dating a jerk who knew how to manipulate me and make me feel like I didn't matter.  But I couldn't see it. All I saw was the boy I was in love with, telling me he just wanted to be friends all over again. I didn't want to get my heart broken again. So I pushed you away. I told you that it wasn't enough for me. I said I didn't think you really liked me. You said this was the only opportunity we would have, my only chance to be with you. I turned you down. I got out of the car, went inside my house, pretending to be brave. I was pretending you couldn't break my heart anymore.  I was wrong. Earlier that week, your other good friend, whom we both went to youth group with had taken me to lunch and confessed he had feelings for me. He had asked me to talk to you and decide who I wanted to be with. After the night we parted in anger, I started dating him. It was a short lived relationship. We had almost nothing in common and we both felt guilty for hurting you. You were angry. I felt it from across the room whenever I was near you. When I broke up with the mutual friend of ours, I realized I had made a big mistake. I had taken the safe bet, the guy who was open about his feelings and interest in me. I had gambled that I would find the happiness and security with him that I wanted from you, and I lost. I lost it all. Our friendship,  your respect,  the respect of our friends.  We spoke one more time after that. I asked you to meet me at a restaurant.  I told you with tears in my eyes that I had made a mistake.  You said it was too late. You had moved on, you liked someone else now. You looked at me like I was a stranger. It broke me into a million pieces  What hurt the most was that in the moment that my heart shattered,  I didn't even have my best friend anymore to lean on. I went home a crying, pathetic mess. I had never cried so much over any boy before. All of my other failed romances combined had only produced a drop compared to the ocean of tears I shed over you. I cried myself to sleep that night, and many nights after. I wanted so badly to rewind everything and fix what had happened between us. But I couldn't.  So I did what most people do, and I found a way to put it behind me day by day. Its been 10 years my old best friend. I fell in love again, and got married. I have a son now. And In all that time I've only seen you on 3 different occasions. When my brother got engaged, when all our old friends went on a trip together to celebrate my brother's impending wedding, and then his wedding. We hardly spoke more than a few words to each other. Yet on the last day of the trip you asked if we could hug, and I timidly obliged. You smiled at me like the past was forgiven, and I tried to smile back. After all these years maybe I just still feel too much. I still wish I could've cleared up what happened back then. Even though I've moved on, you are still single. It would be easier if you got married too. Then I could tell myself we were never meant to be. I think then I would force myself to be happy for you. Because I want you to be happy. And seeing you alone makes me sad, and brings up questions I have no answers for. Old best friend, to this day I wish I could pick up my phone and text you like I used to. I wish I had valued our friendship enough to keep it intact even though we didn't end up together.  I wish things had turned out differently,  and these hurts and questions didn't run so deep, or keep me awake every so often on the odd night. Do you remember me too? You are still in my heart, you are still one of my best friends.  You will always mean so much to me.