I am hurt, heartbroken by everything you did and the funny thing is that you don't even remember all those things for if I were to ask you what awful things you did that hurt me, you won't even be able to name all of them. So it isn't just those memories that hurt me. It's the lack of self realization, it is the lack of responsibility, accountability, no sense of regret. And do not tell me you're sorry because no one has put in more effort than I have into convincing myself you are, but there are so many things you have said in the last few weeks, so many words, that understandably make me doubt what you actually think of all of it. And I know you might think that I say this because of one aspect of your present but I have realized that it is not just that, oh my, it is so much more. I have let myself appear weak when I have talked to you and told you that me not thinking you're sorry or me being frustrated is my 'emotional side' and that you should ignore it. But that should not be the case. It isn't just my emotional side. My emotional and rational sides, all of me, have struggled to come to terms with you doing such horrible things to me and not even caring about them, not even understanding them. The days pass and it gets harder for me to know if I really knew the person I thought I knew or if you just presented yourself differently to me. Because the person I see today is not even remotely similar to the one I knew and I will never know if it was real or not. This is not my emotional side speaking. This is me, in my entirety. I don't think you're truly sorry. I don't think you know or understand even half the things you did. I don't think you care enough and I base all of this on your actions from the past and what I have seen from you in the present. You're doing nothing 'wrong' right now and I completely accept that and you have every right to do whatever you want to do with your life. **All I know now is that I will never know what was real and what wasn't, what you meant and what you didn't, who you are and who I though you were.** I wish you utmost happiness because there is no one else I have cared so much for, but I can always care for someone without believing they care for me. I have given it my everything to make myself believe those things, but reality is what it is, and I guess for once, as much as it hurts, I have to let reality prevail over what my heart wants me to believe.