you wanted me for years. you pursued me. your attention scared me but i guess i found it flattering too. i should’ve known when we were 12 years old and you ignored me for two weeks after i made some stupid joke at you that this wouldn’t work. i should’ve known when we were 15 and i showed no romantic interest in you and you tried to guilt me and act like you owned me that it wouldn’t work. i should’ve known when we were 16 and you set your hand on fire and told me you loved me but it was my fault that it wouldn’t work. i should’ve known when we were 17 and i finally agreed to go on a date with you and you asked to kiss me and i said no because i wasn’t ready for anything serious and you screamed at me in the car all the way home and i walked inside sobbing that it wouldn’t work. i shouldn’t have agreed to a second date. i shouldn’t have said yes when you asked to be my boyfriend. it happened so fast. you knew what you were doing. that i was fragile and afraid of your anger. you knew how to bend and twist my reality to make you seem like you’re the only one who cares. you isolated me from my friends. you belittled me. you made me feel so incredibly insignificant. invalid. weak. and i thought it was love. you never really knew or understood me. you liked being able to turn me into whoever you wanted me to be. and even your distorted perception of who i am wasn’t enough. you still cheated. and i didn’t even find out until after the breakup. you loved my body. you loved that you could easily over power me. you loved that i became incapable of saying no. you never loved me. any display of emotion was weak or irrelevant. my anxiety was a problem because it inconvenienced you. even when i finally realized how evil you are and tried to end it you talked me into a break. i cried for two days feeling so trapped and like i’d never escape you. even after you ended it, you still haunt me. you still made yourself my responsibility. you showed up so close to my house to meet up for coffee when my mom was dying. you knew that. you blamed me breaking up with you on my mental health deteriorating because of my moms health. before that you saw “mental health” as “an excuse to be a bitch”. i hate you. i hate you. i will never make a mistake as stupid as dating you for two years ever again.