It’s funny how when we were kids, we didn’t think,” What’s the possibility of this person not being in my life anymore?” Or “How will our friendship be or how long will it last in the years to come?” You just think,” Ok this person’s my friend and things will stay the same. Everything will be fine and dandy.” After I had moved into another neighborhood, I had lost contact with several people including you. Two years we met at a Toys R Us store and we easily went back to being close. We still had not contacted each other as much as we thought we would but it seamed we still had a Rapport. After the last time we had met up, We drifted apart again for seven years. In 2020, I contact you on Facebook and when yoy finally answered back, we seamed to be getting along from what I understood. You were the first the bring up the idea of “hanging out soon” and so I agreed to that. The only problem with that was you flaked at the last minute because even though you told you you were off that day, you admitted that you were tired from picking up an extra shift. I asked you why you would do that and you just said you wanted more money which was sort of understandable only I thought maybe you remembered that we had established that the day we picked would be the day for hanging out. Since you gave me the impression that you wanted to continue this friendship, I gave you a surprise visit where you work and it didn’t seam busy at all so I figured “why not?” You acted as nice as you could be to my face but I recieved this huge wave of unwelcoming vibes that were coming from you and I tried so hard not to make it seam like I noticed but it was so intense that it was impossible to deny that. I ended up messaging you again a few days later asking if you wanted to hang out since you had given me false hope that made me surpress my gut feeling that you were being fake to me. You said sure and you also asked for the place and time so i couldn’t help but feel like maybe you had  the same intentions as me. Alas, I found out the hard way that I was wrong about you. You told me that you might have plans with your mom which was understandable only.. you waited until the v very last fucking minute to tell me that you “couldn’t”. That was after I had to badicslly say to you,” Look if you don’t want to this then you need to tell me now because I can’t keep preparing for something like this if you are gonna flake”. I then verbally attacked you for it and then  blocked you because I had every right to be pissed at you and I will never feel like i did anything wrong by doing so. A month later, I end up unlocking you just to ask you for confirmation as to why you would do this shit to me. You tried to tell Me I “displayed a toxic behavior” because you claimed that i became angry that you had plans with your mother which was actually not the case. I was pissed that you kept telling me you wanted to get together and then cut those plans at the last minute. I let you know that you were exactly what you show yourself to be which is you are a fake ass bitch and that YOU are the one who is toxic. I have not spoken to you since but just so you know, I hope someone does the same shit to you and that you suffer for eternity.