Now that I think about it. It's kinda embarrassing. When we went on a break this happened. I started playing an online zombie game. It was fun but started to get bored playing it alone. I thought I should make my own team. I had a girl following me. So I thought I should start a team with her. I got her skype username and we started talking. We became friends. Looking at her profile pic she looks like a boy and it's hard to know if she's a boy or a girl by hearing her voice. Her name was tori so obviously a girl. Anyways we became good friends. Later on, she told me she doesn't like how she looks. I thought if being nice and told her she looks really cute. She became more friendly. I thought that was a little weird but I just went with it. Later on she invites me to play a different game with her friends. I join and she tells her friends I'm her boyfriend. I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to make her look bad and say I'm not her bf. So I thought I'll just talk to her about this after we stop playing with her friends. After that, she was so happy. She thought we were dating. She told me she loves me and wants to kiss me. Again I didn't know what to say. I didn't want to break her heart. So I was stuck dating her for a while. This part still shocks me. One day we are playing a game together. In the game, I gave her armored pants. She then tells me. Are you sure you want to give me pants? I'm willing to wear no pants around you. Once again I had nothing to say. She's 13! I was 15 or 16 at the time. I was thinking of a way to break up with her without hurting her feelings. So I stop spending some time with her. I kept thinking for a week till I realized she hasn't messaged me for a week. I messaged her asking if she's ok. I don't get a response for days. She finally responds and says she's been hanging out with her friends. So I kept thinking of a way out and a month later she hasn't messaged me. I message her again and she tells me shes been to busy with her friends. I finally tell her I want to break up with her and she starts crying. She tells me she's sorry she's been busy. She still loves me. I sadly stayed. I continued to think of a way out and it happened again. She doesn't message me for a month. I wait some more and she hasn't messaged me for over 2 months. She couldn't care about the relationship now right? Who does this? I tell her I want to break up and she gets angry at me. Saying she's just been busy I shouldn't be breaking up with her because of this. I decided just to block her. I thought it was over. She made a new account and asks me why I block her. She sounded really sad so I stayed again. You can guess what she did again and I blocked her this time. Finally, it was over. So I'm not sure if I should apologize for cheating? It doesn't feel like I was dating her. I'm still weirded out from her wanting to wear no pants around me.