I'm meant to be your daughter. One of the few people you love and care about unconditionally. But why is it when I ask to have a day off from the cooking, the cleaning, the dirty nappies, the games, the teaching, the making sure everything is perfect so my little siblings don't grow up in a home like I did, you hit me? Why is it when I ask to spend 2 hours working on my lab report for uni, you scream and you tell about how I never help? Why do you get to sit in your pyjamas watching movies and scrolling through Facebook, while I have to raise my brother and sisters. It's not like I'm the only one who has to do this but it makes it hurt no less. Why do you favour whichever child brings you the chocolate you ask for? Why is it when I tell my 15 year old sister to get downstairs and help with the 1 and the 6 year old at 3pm after not having seen her in 8 days, you tell me not to put too much pressure on her? She's not allowed any pressure to be put on her because she sees the school counsellor once a month, but when I was self harming every day from year 8-now, and the school found out you told me counsellors are a waste of time? That I'm doing it for attention, when it was clear as day self harming on my hips and thighs and under my bra straps that I was trying to hide it? Im trying mother. Ive been your live in nanny since I was 12 years old when my sister was born, not to mention the 9 years prior I would do my best to help with my other sister but being only 3 years older than her there wasn't much I could do. Why can't you just accept I'm your daughter? I'm not meant to be raising your children from birth. I was the one who took my brother home from my hospital and slept in the same room as him for the first year of his life.after I went to uni things didn't get much better, but I was free. I had my freedom but with the came the feeling of being lost. Abandonment by my "own kids" they were never mine but they sure as hell felt like it. I attempted suicide. 3 times, each time you were called to the hospital. But you never came. Why didn't you come? Why did you never care?