I’m sorry things ended the way that they did, but I think it was meant to happen. We weren’t happy in our own selves. Sure, we made it each other happy, so fucking happy, but that meant nothing because I didn’t know how to make myself happy. I was getting lost within my own self, I think you were too. Everything happened so quickly, I think we were both feeling it for a long time but didn’t want it to be true. I’ve never cried so much, and felt such a deep hurt. You were my best friend, you understood me like no one else did, and now you’re gone. I know we said we could see where things were in a couple months once we worked on ourselves, but it hurts so deeply now a few months seems so far away. I don’t want to get my hopes up either, I can’t lose you a second time, I just can’t. I hope through this you miss me and love me still. I really hope you’re taking this time — and this hurt — to grow. You always pushed your feelings down but when I last talked to you I told you to feel every emotion. Cry. Scream. Because that’s the only way you’re going to get through this. If you bottle things up you’ll never heal, you’ll never find the happiness you’re longing for, and that’s why I need you to feel everything, so you can heal. We both need to learn how to be happy within ourselves. The only way to truly find that happiness is to do it alone, and that’s why I think so many people are unhappy. We try to fill it with people, places, things, but we need to be alone with just ourselves to find it. Once you find that happiness, you can find true love like nothing else. A self love and a self happiness that complements your own. Not one that replaces it or causes your happiness, but something that can allow your happiness to grow into something that it couldn’t be alone. I don’t know what the future holds, but I hope when I look back at this letter, we’re both in a better place. Whether that’s together or separate I just want you to be truly happy, that’s all I’ve ever wanted. I love you, I always will, please don’t forget that