I cry every night. Hours upon hours of crying. I get so many flashbacks. So many memories. Remember when we would be driving in the car, you two holding hands in the front seats, me and my brother laughing and having fun in the back? Remember when we all used to hike together every Sunday? Remember when we went to Colorado and stayed in a cabin by that lake that had the swing which you guys sat on and talked and laughed for hours? Remember the love you two shared? Do you? Because I do. I miss it. I want it back. I watch our old videos from back when I was a teeny tiny kid. You two smiling as your children played. I miss Dad coming home with flowers and chocolate on Valentine’s Day for Mom. I miss celebrating Father’s/Mother’s Day together. I miss all our vacations. I miss when you guys were able to be together without dirty looks or fights. We were all so happy, and then it started going downhill. You two started yelling. Fighting about random things. Coming home late. Eating separately. Staying at other houses for the night. Calling the cops on each other. Hitting each other. I remember that too. Then the divorce came. My whole world crashed down on me. Everything I knew my whole life was going away. I know you guys are happier, but I’m not. Every time i see a couple with their family, I get jealous. I think about how lucky those kids are. I wish I were them. I took you two being together for granted. I always thought it wouldn’t really mean anything if you separated, but it does. We’ll never be a real family again. Mom, the other day you were talking about Dad and you referred to him as “ex-family”. Why? Are we not still family? Do we not still care and love for each other? Dad, when Mom was grabbing a blanket from your house because she needed one, you said “just take everything then”. Why can’t she have that blanket? You used to love each other so much. You used to know that you’d sacrifice anything for your partner. And now? Now you can’t even give her a blanket. Now you two can’t even look at each other without disgust. You guys always tell me you’re both still good friends. I know you’re not. I’m not stupid.