It’s midnight. And I have to blast music so I don’t hear you next door. I wish you would be more considerate. I wish you made sense. You don’t. You always get upset for not talking to you two but you also shut me down when I try to speak. If you had the mentality that my words are as important as your words, you would understand. I am not allowed to show negative emotions, yet that is all you show me. I can not count the amount of times I have listened to you two complain about each other, yet I have never been allowed to complain to you two about anything without being put down. Mom, you somehow find a way to push me farther and farther away with every conversation. You congratulate me on my accomplishments with backhanded compliments. You point out features of my body and personality so often and those comments have manifested into my insecurities. Anything I feel good about is ripped away from me because of your careless and countless criticisms. You make no contact with me. Unless it’s where to get lunch. You somehow think that I want to talk to you when the only thing you’ve ever done is put me down. To you I am the person who stole your husband, the person who needs to lose weight, who needs to be perfect and also somehow have the romanticized teenage experience, the person who ignores you. Your drinking and insensitive, annoying, and pestering fake deep questions have caused issues for me whether or not you know it. Mentions of alcohol or cigarettes send me into a spiral. Do you know that? Do you know how hard it is to be scared of alcohol as a teenager? Do you know how hard it is to find friends who don’t shove the drug addiction and alcoholism culture down your throat as a teenager? I doubt you do. Dad, you need to control your anger. There is serious work you need to do on yourself. But you have a “this is just how I am” mentality. Humans should work on their flaws, and not passively be okay with being a bad human. Your judgement has never fallen upon me, but somehow I feel the need to bear the guilt you should feel for the comments you make to strangers, service workers, and anyone else you feel doesn’t fit into your standards. Why are you unable to live and let live? You have recently been reconnected to faith, and while I am extremely happy that you have improved in these past months, I am simply disappointed that you had to make God your motivation. Maybe that is unfair of me, as change is change. You have never commented on my weight, or my outfits, or my interests, or my hair, or anything that would be damaging to my developing mind. But that does not mean you have fully accepted me. I hate to do this to you both, but it’s my truth. It is who I am. Why don’t you do research? Why don’t you care? Why do you spread my business to the family? Send me to a therapist. Get me help. Dad, you have been there for all of my track meets, my choir and band concerts, my softball games, my everything. You have bought me everything I have ever asked for. You have put the time in. And for that, you have my gratitude. Mom, you have given me the freedom to develop my own opinions. You have taught me that I will need to have reasoning for my arguments. You have taught me how to be successful. Parents, I truly wish you were better. I wish I could be open with you, I wish I could have fun with you, I wish I could be what you wish I was. Parents, I’m sorry I’m not what you want me to be. I hope you know I try. So hard. Parents, despite the late nights spent crying over offhand comments you have made, the times of bubbling frustration that stems from your habits, the anger that I inherited from the both of you, I love you. And a part of me is upset about that, but the part that loves you, truly and unabashedly loves you, will always win. For better or for worse.