You hurt me and you made me believe you have a heart when you have nothing. When things started you knew I had no experience with any boys before. So you used that to your advantage. You would leave me on read and hurt me. When we had our first kiss I thought things would be getting better, I smiled after I left you that day. You ignored me in the halls and never responded to anything I said to you online. I had 3 panic attacks because of that. You made me feel like I had done something wrong. I was so lost and confused for those 3 weeks. I had to find out you were fucking another girl. I felt used and thrown out, it was so easy for you to act like I had never existed. You proceeded to comment stuff on my best friends picture who you knew had liked you previously, and I had asked you many times before if you were sure you didn’t like her, you said you didn’t. You did that because you knew I would see it. 2 more panic attacks and days of depressive episodes came along with that. I just wanted you to accept me, I lost my worth and I felt your attention was all that could bring it back. When you stop talking to that other girl you came back to me like nothing happened. Me, with a bruised ego and in an emotionally vulnerable state, jumped back to you after weeks of crying. So we planned to meet up, and we hung out and hooked up. Your ex called you, and you answered, she said she wanted to be friends, I was devastated that you stayed on the phone with her and texted her in the morning. Imagine how I felt. When we left I texted you a long paragraph telling you that if we are only hooking up and that’s all, then TELL ME. You never replied for a week. You replied saying it’s hard for you to get close to people. I thought this was the end, a month later you said I ghosted you. You tried to make me look lile the bad guy even though you have all the power. Now, it’s done. Everything seems to be gone. I know you’re the problem. I know my sensitive heart and your extremely cold heart did not mix well together. I can only think of you. We haven’t talked in a long time. I don’t like that I’m still emotionally attached to you. You made me feel like I had no worth. I can’t wait till I’m over you.