Boy this letter will be so long. Again I don’t care. It’s about me and what I think. To be honest. To sort it out. For me. But to you. At times I’ve wanted you to feel a certain way about me. Or to think about me as a specific thing to you. But I think the reality is, I just wanted you to think of me. Like at all. Why? That’s pretty weird right? Why did I need you to think about me? Why did it ever hurt when you would do things that are perfectly normal things that most people do? Like, how to explain... if I text my friend Jacob hey man how are you doing? If he didn’t reply whatever probably busy. If I sent that to you and I didn’t receive a reply it would probably take me a solid day and a half to just say who cares. You know like that’s weird. I think that day something happened between us affected me more than I ever wanted to admit. You and I joked about it a few times but did you know I didn’t tell anyone about it for two years? I was scared and then by the time I actually said it out loud I started crying. And it sucks because you weren’t trying to do anything bad you know. I never want to make you feel negative. Why? I guess I don’t ever want you to associate me with anything negative to your life. But that’s such and unrealistic view to have about someone. And maybe it’s because I’ve never really gone through my head about you. You just always were 1 on priorities. I used to love so much when you called me your favorite. I’ll never forget it. It makes me feel good inside even now. That you ever felt that way. Is that sad? It sounds sad and if I read that from someone else I’d feel sad. I could go on but this isn’t for my therapist. It’s for me, to you. I hope you get something out of this. At the very least I hope this letter makes you feel loved. Not because your sexy. Not because of your body. Not because what you have done or can do for me. Not even because of what you have made me feel. I have put so much thought and mental energy into you. It’s so weird. Maybe I am just an obsessed weirdo. I truly don’t want to be. Again combing through our relationship there is literally one thing I would change. We were at Matsuri and we had been going there for a couple months. The waiter whose son you knew asked if we were together. You looked at me waiting for me to give an answer. I said “no just friends” and you smiled shook your head and read the menu. It was true. Would anything be different if I had said yes we are? I really don’t think so and that’s not why I regret it. I just wish I had ever had the balls to try and take something I wanted instead of waiting patiently for it to come to me. I don’t like talking about people as objects but I could’ve at least said yes and forced you to correct me. I could’ve fought. Why don’t I fight? Anyway. I’m sure I’m going to write more. And if you threw this away I’m going to be proud I gave it to you at all. This is really the closest thing I could come up with to show you what I mean when I say I can’t repay the gift you gave me. I really hope this doesn’t come off as vanity narcissistic bullshit that you don’t care about. I just really get a strong feeling shit is going to change soon. Either between us, or me or you personally, or the world. I don’t know how to explain it but I’ve always gotten these premonitions when life changes in big ways. I want you to have something from me. Really really inside. This is going to sound so selfish but at this point if I’m not honest then what the fuck was the point. I hope no one has ever given you insight like this. And I really hope it teaches you something. That’s what I wish I could more than anything teach you shit. Ew. I just want you to look up at me with wonder in your eyes and say “wow” cause that’s how I feel so often when I’m with you. It’s a completely unfair to both of us-one sided debt I’ve built up in my mind that just isn’t good or healthy.