I fucking miss you. I’ve cried over you so many times I don’t even want to tell you. Its so embarrassing because I know you don’t care about me the way I care about you. Ive spent weeks crying and missing you and agonizing over what must’ve gone wrong and what I might’ve done to make you stop talking to me. I should hate you but I cant. You’re all I can fucking think about. Fuck you for making me fall for you. I hate myself for believing you cared about me. But can I even blame myself? It all seemed so real. So fucking real. Do you know the hurt you’ve caused me? if you cared about me even as a friend you wouldn’t have done that. Aren’t teenage boys supposed to be horny as hell? Was it not worth it to pretend to like me for a few weeks more to keep hooking up? Do you dislike me that much? I just suck your dick and thats it? You know I couldn’t even masturbate for a few weeks after we hooked up because I just missed you and it reminded me of you and it made me feel sick. The thought of you made me so nauseous I nearly threw up multiple times. I wish I could hate you. Im happy were friends now but you pull me back in so easily and I know you know what you’re doing. You know exactly what you’re doing. And I go along with it because I just fucking miss you. So much. And I pray to god you’d at least miss me a little bit too. I feel pathetic that its been six weeks and I have cried over you almost everyday. You know it usually takes me three days to get over a guy I hooked up with? And usually its just hormonal bullshit that makes me attached to them. If how long this is taking means I’m in love with you, I’m gonna need to have another talk with god because I don’t understand how any good can come from this. Six weeks!! Six! Fucking! Weeks! You know how much emotional pain that it? Tell me why. Whats wrong with you, whats wrong with me, why the FUCK you completely cut me off. Fuck you dude, for acting like you’re into me for three months and like you’re in love with me for the last month, and then all of a sudden nothing, No snapping, no texting, no face-times, THATS what fucking hurt, You didn’t even bother being nice in any way, romantic or not. You’re a horrible person. You knew I was hurting, and you did nothing. Please for the love of god explain to me what went wrong, Was everything you said, everything you did, fake? You did one hell of a job pretending, because after all that I still want you, I still miss you. I think you are perfect. I wish I could hate you and just get you out of my head.