It’s been a week of no contact from you. And now it’s snowing- it rarely ever snows here, but I remember when we had a flurry all those years ago and I was with you. We were still trying to make it work between us. We had cooked a nice steak dinner and made love with the snowflakes melting on the window. We woke up to a beautiful white landscape filled with sunlight. I won’t forget that time together. We’ve been on and off for years, and every time I see you it never feels like it was a long time. Each time we broke it off, I never felt bad about it- I know you are dealing with severe depression and a baby that wasn’t mine. This time we got back together you had told me you discovered you were bi and I couldn’t resist you because you looked even more beautiful than ever before. A more whole person. You wanted the relationship to be open, and to be quite honest I did too. I always had that idea in the back of my mind when we’re together before, but I would always withdraw my feelings from you. Inside, I wanted to be free from obligation, but the other side of me I wanted to be that solid rock you hold onto for support, that lighthouse in the sea for you. The one that had no issues and would be your strength. But I know now that’s not a healthy thing for either one of us. We cannot be emotionally codependent on each other- I was naive to think that’s what love was. Compromising our needs to have a dishonest peace. Not to say that we don’t love each other, we simply didn’t know what we were doing. And now, I felt all of a sudden I wanted to be exclusive, I don’t know what came over me. Maybe I’m fucked up in the head, or just now realizing my fragile self image of perfection. Maybe I am a possessive man. I don’t know much. But at least it’s made me take the time to be very introspective of myself and how I express my emotions instead of throwing them away down to logic. I don’t hate you, in fact, I have so much respect on how you are working on yourself and finding who you are, despite the terrible hand you were dealt. As of right now, I’m not sure if I could handle being with you as you find who you are, since I’m older and I’ve had my time in the sun. In a way, I’m grateful for this pain that I feel from losing you. I’m facing myself and not denying my emotions anymore as invalid. The barrier I’ve built for years came crashing down and I can’t help to think you were there chipping away at it. Although the sun is setting on my youth, I know I have to weather this snowy night without your warmth to see the sunrise again.  I can finally be a fully fleshed human being full of self love. I don’t believe in god, but I secretly pray that I will be with you again when the sun bathes my face, but only if you are ready to let it shine on you as well.