Ending us hurt but ending communication completely was worse. Seems like the world most certainly is in turmoil [figures just as I got to start working on myself & seeing results]. It's clearly crazy just how ironic life can be and it is depressing seeing stores run low on the most basic needs. And even with all the shit going on I still wonder if you're ok I look at our pictures occasionally but I know it's been close to 8 mnths and there hasn't been much contact you're back with her and we haven't said a word since dec. Maybe with all the shit happening I should allow myself to be with someone else . I'm not sure if it would work out for us you blame me for everything and while I did hurt you by making mistakes you don't seem to care about my feelings and your mistakes tht hurt me do you? I imagine you much like me sitting up remembering times when we was together and happy thinking about experiences and making love but then how quickly I realize who you would be sitting near high. Which by the way you could have so much better I know looks are not everything but I see she lost weight she looked better fat now she looks like a old meth head w green hair  lol. Not only tht shes still the low life tht sabotaged us because she was done fkin other guy's. That and she found humor in how I was raped by my brother shes sux dude I'll always hate her. You deserve better and I know it might not be me you want but still you're attractive, funny and caring you have amazing passion for the things you believe in your smart and your eager to please join everyway]. I do love you but you can't possibly see why you not going through with the divorce in the start would reek havoc on our relationship? This last time things had a opportunity to be done right but you wouldn't wait till after xmas I hope u found both ur Christmas and bday gift. I still have your clothes and all the stuff here plus i had faith we would be together again so i bought u some things for xmas .well i just wanted to be able to vocalize my feelings and tell you that I forgive all the little things you did tht hurt me I'm really Trying to make life better, easier happier anger management helps alot meds too lol either way I do truly wish u well time for me to realize you are really gone and I don't think you're ever coming back so.... there's nothing more i can do but wish you well hope you have all the chances you deserve in life to make it you have such ability to do so. As for me with all my health issues I have to hope I get through what I consider a way at controlling population  shit I hope you do too but I need someone too I'm lonely and quite honestly I'm a bit confused and scared .I just want to be held and comforted too and I hot to stop waiting for you while you are with her who knows though I believe that we knew eachother in past lives maybe if not in this life we can get it right next we are soulmates perfectly imperfect our souls met. And they were paired as they mate we became one in time love is eternal bonds are forever blood brings us unity. So till we meet again I love you soul mate