I love everything about you, and I’m not just saying that, I mean it with my whole heart. I have never loved anyone the way I love you.
I love the way you laugh before you fall asleep, and I love the way you drool on my arm a few minutes later. I love waking up to your smile and kisses every morning you leave for work when I’m over, I love our phone calls, I love the way you always try to make everyday good even when it sucks, I love when you start ranting about something you really like like animal crossing and how you stare longingly at the cover art because you have so much anticipation and excitement inside of you. Just like how I feel when I finally see you. And yes, I totally just compared you to animal crossing because to me you’re even better than that and I hope that will make you laugh. I miss your hugs, I miss how you smell, I miss your smile, and I miss how everything you touch in my life turns to magic. Even the rainbow cat earrings I’ve been wearing today remind me of when you helped me find them.
I love how strong you are, through everything you try your best to help him, and me, and you. And I have wanted nothing more than to build you up, and all I did today was hurt you to almost a point of no return. And I hate myself for it. 
When I say you mean the world to me I mean it. Today I was a complete mess knowing you almost didn’t want to be in my world anymore. I guess at that point my world could have been burned and destroyed and you wouldn’t have cared. I don’t blame you though I know I pushed you too hard, and I’m sorry. And I know my sorry’s don’t matter without action backing it up. 
I wish you could feel how much I miss you. How much I miss waking up next to you on a day off and those kisses and good morning cuddles that are so rare and so worth it. I can’t remember the last time it happened, but I know I loved every minute of waking up with you, and you know how much I hate waking up.
I don’t want to lose you, or what we have. I’m not trying to set everything on fire just to hurt you. I’m just begging and arguing because I need some flexibility, but I know we talked enough about why, it’s just I need you to know I have never done it to hurt you or your image of yourself. You’re not toxic or evil, and I never meant to paint you that way. It’s just out of love, and how I want more of it. I know I can and never would ask for all of it. 
I promised you I would never take you away from him and I never have, but when I ask and beg for these things it’s just so I can have a little bit of that for us too. I want to remember what it’s like to wake up next to you. I want to know what it’s like to have special memories together, or fun times together with the person I love the most in the whole world. 
I want to feel what it’s like to have the freedom for us to do whatever we want for a whole day or night. I want to go on that cruise around the world with you when we’re old.
But I don’t know how to get from here to there. I told you I don’t know how these things go and that I would need help. So I keep hoping if I explain something the right way maybe it will click in a positive way and we can start getting to where I would like us to be. Maybe I wasn’t ready for the constant group setting all the time, and sometimes it feels like I just got sucked up into your life together with him and we just skipped normal dating, but I know it was out of convince and I told myself if that was the easiest thing for you then that’s what I wanted to do to make you happy. 
Because I love seeing you happy. I love it when you finally let down your guard enough to laugh. I know all the time you have these shadows and thoughts weighing down on you and telling you “you’re not good enough” and “nothing matters”, but to me that has never been true. To me I have always been lucky to have you as my girlfriend, and you matter, even when I’m upset, and it doesn’t sound like it, you do. 
You always have made my world a happier place since you stepped in it. All those little things you do add up into a whole lot of love. And I do understand and value and appreciate every bit of it. Everyday without you I find myself being reminded of you and longing for you, and I just can’t wait to see your face again. To hug you again, to hold your hand and squeeze you. All I have ever wanted was to make you happy. I never meant to make you so miserable. I never meant for any of today to happen. All I wanted was for there to be more moments for us to build ourselves up, and for me to feel comfortable to grow with you. I have been trying with how things are and all I see is what I’m lacking and that I don’t have a place in your home or lives together. I’m just existing. And I don’t know how to fix things. I don’t know what to say or do to make things right. I just also know nothing is worth losing you.
There are times where I catch myself wishing you would magically pop by to in general, but especially after days like today. Not for long, even just a few minutes to give me a hug or kiss, to make a joke, and just to see you again and know everything will be okay. I know that can never happen right now with all the things you have going on, or maybe never with how your schedule and routine is, but I still hope for it. I hope you want things to be okay. I don’t know if you do anymore. I don’t know what you even want anymore. All I know is it’s up to the both of us to make things better, and if you really want to be on my team. And apart of that is meeting each other half way and really sticking to it. I don’t know if I’m just too much work now and it’s just easier for you to wash your hands of me, but I really hope not. I tried for months to move everything in my life closer to you, for us. Yeah there’s nothing out here for me anymore, and it was for my Grandma and my work too, because no matter what I still want that one day for myself despite us. But the one thing I was the most excited about was just being able to see you and to have that time with you. It was the thing that drove me everyday to keep trying. I will never regret that, because you have always been worth it just by being yourself. And sometimes I get really scared about how quickly I can lose all of that. One day you could just move with him and you will still have each other, but I won’t have you. One day you could break up with me, but you’ll still have him, and I won’t have you. But also one day we could really make things work to have a schedule and be able to go away on adventures together for the day, or spend the night with me and watch movies or shows you’d know he’d hate. We could go out and have picnics during the day with all of the bread and we could really just enjoy being a couple for just a second, just spending time together and just talking and feeling the way we did when we first met all over again but you’d still always have him, and that’s okay and what I have always supported and I will never regret that either through all of the jealousy and insecurities because he’s what makes you happy. Even when you both fought about leaving each other I never stepped in and told you to do it. I always told you told you to do what you needed to do for yourself so you could make things better for the both of you. And I hope one day I will matter enough to have the same thing. I really hope one day I will matter enough to not be told to just leave when things have been rough because you’re tired of me. Even though you always promised me you would never do that to me. I miss being happy with you. And I will always love you. I just hope you want that again too, and I hope I’m really worth it to keep around in your world. All I want is for you to become apart of mine. I love you