I looked at what the bible said regarding grief and I found in 2 Corinthians how grief leads to repentance. I guess it makes sense in this case because I sinned against you. Even now I have trouble admitting it. “For godly grief produces a repentance that leads to salvation without regret, whereas worldly grief produces death.” I wish you didn’t do it. I wish it didn’t lead to this. I don’t know if I am partly to blame. What role I had in your life. I know it is not completely my fault and I tried to right as many of the wrongs I did you. But I wonder if I would have lived a Godly life what outcome my relationship with you would have had. I tried. Jesus knows I tried in my limited way. But I can’t help but feel that I failed you. Why HB? Why did you take your life. I want you. I want you in this world, to be a part of my world. As so much a pixel in my screen. More so, I a grain of sand in your reality. I know you bested me in living a better life without me. It seemed like you did. I was proud of the person you became. I was thinking of you in the days leading up to it, and I was about to text you. And then I looked at your Facebook and your pictures and I saw how much you had grown, how much of a woman you became, and I thought how much you didn’t need of me. That’s what I have been in people’s life - an anchor. And I saw your relationship status had turned to single. And I will admit I was happy, not because you will have to again suffer the familiar wind of heartbreak, but because I thought that boy was no good for you. And then I thought to myself you will find someone else in no time with your looks. With your piercing blue eyes. With the energy you bring. And I thought to myself this girl does not need me to text her. She does not need my condescending lecture on where our lives are. I thought that and in my own way I made peace with you because you had truly bested me. And now I wish you were here so that I could tell you that. I always wanted the best for you although I did not always come off like that. In my own limited way of communicating to you I tried to get this message across to you. I tried to tell you that you were a pillar, a bastion of individuality. Of a long forgotten idea that no longer seems present today in age. I am truly deeply irreversibly saddened by your loss. Although our journey together ends here your memory will not be forgotten. I sit here and ask the same question that humanity has asked for eons. What lies beyond the great unknown? I pray and hope that your journey continues on. Wherever you maybe on whatever plain you may lie I hope that you know that an old friend wishes you the best on your journey. Godspeed Hunter, Godspeed.