Hey kyron, your the only person in this world i can trust, we grew up together and i trust you more than anyone, i want you to know that i love you and always will and always have. i know we had a rough beginning to our relationship early on in life and anything ive ever done to hurt you i want you to know im truly deeply sorry, i tried to make up for it later on in life when i could, i still think i should and could have done more im not entirely sure why i didnt, if your reading this then it only means one thing, and that means im gone. i want you to know that when i fell asleep for the last time i went dreaming and dreaming about the good times i had in life, there werent many and i dont have many memories that i treasure but theres a few. hopefully as you read this you can visualise what im saying and it takes you to a happy place, i remember the times when we moved to gidlow for the first time and me and you would chill watching shitty tv shows and playing shitty xbox games on that shitty little tv because we had nothing else to do but they were my favourite times. i remember back in the day when we used to go to sleep when we slept in the same room watching scrubs or that movie 'Splat' the paintball one if you remember that, i remember talking about black ops 2 and playing so many games with you, i remember when we built our pcs together, it was an experiance ill never forget. its one of my most treasured memories and i think it was a pivotal moment in our relationship. i hope you have an amazing life and i wish i could have given you more. anyway ive probably rambed for too long, i want you to have everything of mine, keep whatever you want and sell the rest or just get rid of it w/e you want, consider it yours. my phone password is 7989, and my pc password is 2434. steam is Optimumz Password babywipes1996. theres not much on there but yoiu know take w/e you want i love you bro if you could do one thing for me it would only be to try and have a relationship with zaydon. i know its difficult but ive been there with you and look at what happened between us, its definitely worth it. even with game of thrones shitty ending watching game of thrones with you was an experiance ill never forget. playing tom clancy vegas with you and wildlands beta was amazing and the best of all was WoW, even though we didnt play much together we could talk about it for days together and it meant alot to me that we shared interests even if we didnt share every interest the things we did share meant alot to me. i love you bro always keep grindin) the authenticator should be on my desk if ive not given it to you, could you log on my rogue and transmog my gloves and then delete my char for me itd mean alot, just use my gold to buy game time to do it. see you soon broski.