It’s hard though, months after you stopped talking to me you just ghosted social media. Or maybe you go by a different alias now, you always used a few. Like with that lady at Nordstrom or the drug dealer you let stay at your apartment in exchange for free drugs. I could see you mentally declining in the days before we parted. I want to thank you for stealing from me. Thank you for taking every last dollar I had to my name for my vacation that my parents gifted to be for graduating. I’ve never cried that hard before. Outside of a shop with my friend inside exchanging currencies a girl walked to me and gave me napkins in her purse to wipe my tears with. It makes me sad now just reliving that raw emotion. I just want to say I’m a lot better now. I used to be afraid of men and their small gestures. I used to have nightmares every night about you, I wouldn’t even want to go to sleep. I couldn’t even sleep at my own house most nights. Id beg my friends to let me sleep there so I know I’d be safe. I had my parents install lights outside so I could see if you were hiding in the bushes. I would wait for so long in my car scared to go from my car to the door because I felt vulnerable. I now sleep with a light on. I’m no longer afraid of playing my music in the car. Court was hard for me to go to, I know being in the same room as you would make me panic. I called your landlord about issuing the protection order to you, he said you had shaved your head and were wearing a robe like you joined some sort of cult. He told me that your parents were paying your rent, something that you were lying to me about for an entire year and a half. I got my new number and I think it suits me better than my old one. It was annoying trying to use my old phone number when you had it calling me until I picked up over 100s of times. It ruined any music or gps I was using. I took up painting after everything. It was the only thing that kept me sane, that and a myriad of antidepressants. I became obsessed with painting. I would paint in the morning then work 8 hours to come home and drink coffee and paint. I would cancel or alter plans to paint. I’m now surrounded in my reminders of instability. They’re beautiful though, and I’ve sold some. I’ve learned to really look for red flags in partners. My partner right now is the best I could ever ask for. I try to check up on you sometimes because I’m scared. I want to remain so many feet from you at all times but I don’t know where you’re at. I know I’m healed inside but part of me has to keep checking.