I’ve never met you in real life, and yeah, things are complicated, especially on my end. But I feel like I have found my soul mate in you. I want to dance in the kitchen to Otis. I want to play your favorite song as I walk down the aisle to you. I wanna pet your head in my lap as we watch corny movies or laugh at the silliest things. I want to spend my life with you, but I know it isn’t possible right now. I want to see you smile at me, inches from my face, and kiss me with all the love I see in your eyes for me through the screen. I want to take care of you, cooking and snuggles, and just be there when you don’t want to talk, but you don’t want to feel alone. To take road trips or sit on the couch and sing along to all our favorite songs, and find new favorites I didn’t know I would have. To feel your warmth beside me, listening to your snores, feeling safe and accepted. To feel your touch and the security in your hugs, holding me together when I feel like I’m falling apart. I want to show you, in person, the way you make me smile with your adorable silliness, and calm you after an angry rant with understanding and love. I just want to be that girl with the beaming light of “the one” you want to marry. The one you finally take home to meet mom because I get you on that deeper level you need. I wish all these things were possible outside of my dreams. To watch the sunrise after a late night and before a lazy day in bed. You said “I wish you could see yourself through my eyes. Crawl around in my head and see how I see you”. I want to see myself reflected in your loving eyes when you tell me I’m beautiful. I want everything we have to be real. Graspable. Touchable. For now, I live with texts, video interaction, and dreams. I hope someday I can be strong enough to get myself to do what I have to, to get to you, so far away. And I hope, sooo hope, it won’t be too late. You’d never ask me to give up what I have, and I would never ask that of you either. All I can do is hope....someday.