And its okay. I have nothing but respect for your honestly. I am happy you are back with J, and found a Thelma to your Louise. I know how much you wanted that too, and I'm glad you have it now. I envy them both, you are one incredible human being. My life is better for known you. You know I mean that too. You want the truth?  When I first met you too, I also though we had nothing in common; I was lonely and desperate as well...never, in my wildest dreams did I think I would grow to love, admire and respect someone so different than me, as much as I did you. That truly is the truth. You are one of the smartest, most beautiful. and overall just amazing human beings I have ever met. I have said it before and I will say it again:  even if the feeling wasn't mutual, my life is a better place for knowing you. I carry with me no ill will or hard feelings, just nothing but admiration and gratitude. I am sad things ended as they did, and wish we could have talked and things fixed but I understand there was someone else..actually two people waiting in the wings so that that was not possible. It was simply my time to go. I understand, don't  worry. I will never be anything but grateful to you. Please believe that. To have pretended as you did, for as long as you did, merely for the sake of "doing the right thing" is incredible. It truly is people like you that make this world a better place.PLease know I really and truly did grow to love and admire you more then you will ever know. There will be such a gaping hole in my heart, that i'm sure will take a very long time to replace. I am glad you already have, I am happy you're life now is so happy and full. You have been through hell, and deserve so very much. I am sorry I could not measure up or be what it was you needed. Someone like you only comes around once in a lifetime, I can only hope one day i will find that again. I wish I could have said goodbye , its such a devastating blow (well, for me at least) but I accept you already have. That our communication will be no more and its time to again go. I wish I didn't have to, but I understand and its okay. God bless you I truly can't say that enough. Your kindness truly meant the world to me.