When I first met you in 8th grade, I never expected I would fall so hard for you. I just expected to be a passing thing, just another boy to crush on but somehow, things were different with you. Once you moved schools, I thought that I would never see you again, so I was fine with “letting you go” so to speak. It wasn’t until about 2 years ago we started talking and I found myself falling for you again. I didn’t expect you to feel the same way about until you confessed to me. From that moment on everything changed, I was so happy that you felt the same way for me. You liked me for me, with you I didn’t have to change anything and I could be genuine with you. It wasn’t until we stopped talking that I knew my feelings towards you were so strong and wasn’t going to fade anytime soon. It hurt to have you leave after reconnecting and I couldn’t process it. At that moment I wanted nothing more than to be with you. After we hung out at the mall, I knew I wanted to see you again. Things didn’t work out and I tried to accept it. You said you couldn’t be in a relationship where you couldn’t see me all the time. I knew it would be hard, especially with dating being “forbidden” in my religion and I haven’t brought up the topic of dating to my parents. I was willing to do whatever, but I knew it wouldn’t be fair to you in the end. In the beginning I tried so hard to move on, but it always went back to you. I tried deleting you off everything but I would still think about you and miss your “presence.” Eventually I knew I had to move on, it wasn’t right and for my sake I had to. Just seeing you being happy and moving on is what motivated me, if you could move on and be happy then I should too. For awhile things were okay, I accepted that my feelings would never completely go away. It was just another chapter in my life and I had to keep moving forward. Just when I found myself to starting to truly move on, you somehow jumped back into head and I started thinking about before. Then we started talking again and feelings I thought I locked up started emerging again. When I first messaged you, I never expected you to ask to hang out again. You were and still are my biggest “What if?” At that moment I wasn’t sure, I didn’t know how things would work out and didn’t want to get heartbroken again. I thought things would be different, but things ended up repeating themselves. But this time it hurt so much more. I was ready to be with you and be happy with you. But you ended up hurting me in a way I never thought you would do. I felt used, like a pawn in your game to get back with your girlfriend. You didn’t even have the dignity to tell me what was going on and I had to find out through Snapchat. And your explanation left me feeling all the blame for why it didn’t work out. I still don’t know why I feel so strongly about you. Things weren’t meant to be with us, but I couldn’t except that without knowing what could’ve been. You’ve told me how you felt, but all I wanted to know how you really felt about me. After all these years I still don’t understand your feelings about me. All in all I just really miss you and I just want to be with you. One thing I’ve learned is while talking you is how strongly I feel about you and that these feelings can’t fade away that easily. I love you but I can’t wait for you forever.