Every time I look at your eyes it's haunting. It feels like you're an imposter living in the shell that was once my big brother. I have tried to protect you from yourself, I have both alienated you and enabled you.  A few years ago, you almost did it. The amount of drugs you consumed nearly caused you to be brain dead and you lost function in your hand too. Your regained control of your hand but your mind has never recovered. I wrote you a letter while you were in prison, one I was hesitant to send because everyone said to be uplifting and I chose to be real. I wanted to put everything in the open because the reality is, once you got out of prison again I knew your life would go back o timer. It's just a matter of time, so I know to treat each encounter like it's the last. Your responce? An entire page back starting with " I'm going to make some real life changes when I get out" followed by 4 paragraphs about becoming a Ninja turtle. Normally, I'd laugh. But it hurt, because you still don't get it. I'm angry, you are throwing your life away. You put me, my family, our grandmother in horrific situations. You robbed my house, I got stalked because you owed someone money. You put our veteran grandmother into bankruptcy and clear out her savings. You dropped a heroine addict on my door knowing I have children. You fed a recovering addict drugs and let him OD and die in our grandmothers house, which as a result, she had a heart attack and her health has only gotten worse since. I couldn't keep telling my kids that you were just sick and now they are afraid of you. No child should have to know to call to police if their uncle comes by. They should get excited, not scared. You have been out two fucking days and have been lurking around my house, even though you know the police told you you can't come here, I'm now back in fear that you will break in in the middle of the night. This morning I went to take your niece to school and you hopped in my car and told me to drive you to a "friends" I had to tell you to get out because you were making her late to school. She looked mortified. That broke my heart. I wish she could of remember the first year she was born, how you were an uncle. Holding her on your back and doing airplane. Something my other daughter will never know. I love you, i truly do. But I need to let you go, because my brother isn't coming back. That is why I grieve you now. Good luck B.D