I'm ready to come back after a few days. Of course being your lover is punishing in nature, there is going to be minimal presence from me here as I try to ease back in. You've pushed me away through your deceitful actions, as if you accuse me of forgetting of our history. You don't treat me as a lover. The other day that was the only love, real love you've shown me in a real you're too self indulged don't put me on pedestal as I'm deserving of. Alright I've give in gavw you post. I don't know how I'm really just give you pass to be completely demoralizing and shitty again. That is it since I've given in, I've been considerate I expect equal devotion. And that's with your body also. You don't like me being sexual you think it's disrespectful that's what you've signed up for. I know I changed already so much but what  did you give where was your devotion. Anybody who thinks I'm stupid I don't know how a relationship works you're going to take this how you will. But you told me not to be sexual as if you signed over the sexual rights for yourself to another. Don't think I'm stupid I'm really better at moving on now anyway once I realize I never got equal devotion I was never quite a prize to you, some toy of amusement. You have me writing here, you don't care the cost. Remember when you took this sub surely it should be some sacred private thing here's another example nothing's sacred to you forget that this is the way we connect with each other and yeah not the only way you still do your mindfuck things and I know it charmed me at first now I think how one way that is. You get to listen in, and yes of course by all means do that and I can't figure of there's more to it then listening in. But that means you get access to me whenever you want you're never deprived by me. Lastly I'll mention there's like 3 rules in a relationship anyone who cares about you would uphold. Anyway another thought for someone who has there craft so much intwined with love and it's nature you sure are not about it at all, not a good idea for you to be my firsf. You have had your head filled with want you've wanted to hear and it's made you careless of people you used to LOVE anyway this is a long one you probably won't read it