Im always going to wonder about you, how you’re doing, or if you’re even still alive. I think about you relatively frequently but as the years have gone by its getting less frequent I suppose. Im always going to wonder if that sweet little boy with bright blue eyes who always sat next to me, talked to me about star wars, and always played with me was you. You had the same name as him, the same blue eyes, and the same black hair. We didn’t have much time together but I could swear you were my best friend and then one day you were gone and I didn’t see you again until a few years later. I did a double take and asked a mutual friend your name, I couldn’t remember why I recognized you or why I felt so drawn to you right away but I eventually remembered that little boy from first grade who I had missed so much. But something was different, I don’t think you remembered me because you barely gave me the time of day after that. I spent so long watching you from afar but to afraid to try to talk to you again, I never understood why you refused to talk to me most of the time and I still don’t. The people you hung out with were bullies and shit talked you behind your back and I just wanted to tell you that I cared. And those days where you said more than a word to me I was so happy I thought maybe that would be the day we would be friends again but it never was. Maybe because everyone knew I had this huge crush on you, you were afraid to talk to me? And then one day you gave me an invitation to your birthday party and I was so happy, I thought for sure that would be it and we would be friends, you even talked to me and walked around the school with me a little bit. But when I asked my mom she told me no and I begged her to let me go but because the time only said 7-10 with no am or pm and no phone number she wouldn’t let me go. I even wrote you an apology card but I never gave it to you, and after that you really wouldn’t give me the time of day. I understood, it probably hurt your feelings and I wondered if anyone even showed up. Im so sorry I wasn’t there. I don’t know why I never tried to explain it to you but I guess I was too afraid. And the last “big” thing you dig was ask me out but I ran away. I don’t know why you did it, I saw you writing on your hand before but then you waited until my friend went to talk to the lunch lady and called me over. It was you and another one of your bully friends and I just panicked an ran. Did one of your friends put you up to it? Or did you use the zap game as an excuse? I’m always going to wonder about all of these things, wonder if you hated me or thought I was creepy or what. And I know you’re still out there because we still have mutual friends but I doubt we will ever see each other again. I’ve tried a couple times once or twice but you only responded once. Im just always going to wonder about you and what could have been. I miss that little boy who made me feel so happy.