You know damn well I have been trying to be there for you through your 3 year break up. I know it hurts you and you will constantly have her in the back of your mind. I know you don’t want to be spending time with me, but I told you I can try to pick up the pieces and try to keep your mind off of it. I have known you for 10 years now. I know you’ve always acted like you’ve had your shit together but didn’t. We were never like this, our friendship was never questionable. Our friendship was always special and genuine. Last night you were acting like a total dick. You were being quiet, you always vent to me and I know you needed to vent to me about something until I brought it up to you. You finally let it out, but you’ve always would tell me what was bothering you. You made our 10 years friendship feel as if you are just being an asshole to me just because I’m a girl and you wanna take it out on me just cause I’m a female. All I tried doing was have a couple beers and just chill after all this madness with the COVID19 going on right now and also because I know you still have the break up on your mind. Trust me I know this, I’ve had a horrible break up so I should know how to help you cope with it. I know you think I’m bothering you when I hit you up, and I know you think I’m gaining feelings for you but no that’s not the case. I’m doing all of this just because who wants to go through a break up alone. I mean yes it is the best thing to do is self care. But I hit you up so you can try to remember to have fun and to remember people still love you for you and will care for you.  I know you’re in pain but don’t take it out on me when all I’m doing is trying to be there for you. If you don’t want me to be then I will back off. I won’t hit you up anymore and I will not ask you to chill or anything. I just wish you’d be real with me. This break up created a new person that’s not my bff, I want the old you back. I don’t even wanna be friends with you anymore, I kinda don’t wanna see your face anymore, but I can’t have that. I shouldn’t have been there for you, but too late now. Plus this is the time when you need you bff the most, so duh imma be there, but you’re just taking me for granted. Thank you, thanks a lot, after I done told you some deep shit about my mental health you wanna treat me like that. You really have shown me your true colors.