After everything you’ve done to me, I still love you. It’s been eight months since we’ve even talked. I think about you every day. I found out you ended up making your dreams come true. You finally made it. You’re finally a marine. That’s what you always wanted to do. I’m so happy for you. Somehow I‘m still able to find it in my heart to be proud of you...and somehow I’m still able to find it in my heart to love you. You were my first boyfriend. You were fourteen, I was fifteen. I should’ve known we were too good to be true. Even with all of the red flags I ignored. We both have the same birthdate. 27. Just an eight months difference. We have the same, more rare eye color. There are so many strange things we have alike, down to our very first memory. You came into my life after I lost my grandfather. When I still believed in something, I prayed every night to have my soul mate. Just something to make me happy. Give me my one true love. Not much longer, you came along. I thought you were the one I prayed for. I looked at you like an angel. I should’ve known someone couldn’t fix me. But you made me so happy. You filled a void in my heart. We were on and off for different reasons a few times. One time I was crying out that if we were meant to be together you’d somehow find your way back to me after months of us being apart. If we were truly meant to be. You came back a few days after. I thought, again, it was a sign. You were the one. My heart always belonged to you. Someone could treat me like a queen. You could treat me like I’m nothing. You’re still the one I’d want. I feel I have no right to miss you. To even think of you. But I can’t help how I feel. I’ll always wonder, “why” when it comes to a lot of things involving us. I’m sure I’ll never get any answers. It breaks my heart that we’ll probably never talk again. You’ll probably have a beautiful family. Regardless of what you said to me. You’ll probably be so happy. You’ve always had so much life. It kills me that you could die at any moment and I’d have to live with that. It kills me my love isn’t reciprocated, but I want you happy. I wish I knew the truth about a lot of things. I can’t believe some of the hurtful things you said to me. How other people were, “always there for you”. Were they there for you when you had problems with you mother who’s an alcoholic? When she was all drugged up and in rehab? When your parents were fighting? When your mom was depressed? Did they still care for your mom after she hated them and didn’t want them around you anymore? Because I did. I still care about your mom. Did they sit and give you endless advice? I was there for you through **everything**. Why do they get the credit? I broke my heart over and over again because of you. Every night. I settled for less than the bare minimum. I don’t understand why you treated me the way you did. Why you did the things you did. Were they really always there for you? They tried to destroy me. Us. I should hate you, but still I love you so much. I keep thinking of Jack and Rose and Romeo and Juliet. Those couples have our initials. They’re both such tragic love stories. I keep listening to, “my heart will go on”, on repeat. My heart is completely broken. I’m never going to be completely happy with anyone. There’s always something about them that depresses me. You were my first. That’s what I always wanted and fantasized..that I’d end up with my first. So unrealistic of me, but I remember being in first grade sitting alone at lunch thinking of my future husband and you fit the description. It kills me that today would’ve been five years. It kills me that I remember this. You probably don’t even remember our anniversary date. You didn’t care about our anniversary before. You blew me off. It was always true love on my end. I know that’s it’s not reciprocated. If you’d of cared about me I’m sure you would’ve tried to fight to keep us together. You would’ve gotten in contact with me by now. There’s so many things that point to you not caring. I kind of think you never did care. I don’t know why my heart goes on loving you. I wish it would stop. If you were to ever see and read this I think I’d cry. Or if someone we knew saw this. I have zero friends anymore, so it would just be someone I know now. I have to live with all of these memories of us. They hurt my heart. You talked about me moving in with you. I told you I’d think about it. We were broken up and friends then. Trying to work it out, but things escalated. Even when we were broken up, you still said I could come stay with you. No one else would’ve been that welcoming. There’s always been something special about you. It stays in my heart, forever now. If I were to be asked why I love you, I don’t think I could come up with an answer at the moment as to why I do, or why I should. I know you probably deleted anything involving me by now. I still have pictures of you on my old phone, along with things you drew me. I feel like a creep for keeping them, I just can’t bring myself to get rid of them. I wish I still had the pictures you drew me when I was sick. I wish I still had very old pictures of you. But I deleted those when we broke up one time. We were around sixteen then. Part of me wishes you’d reach out to me, but I know we can’t be together anyways. I’ve made so many mistakes myself now. I hate myself. I wish I could go back in time and undo some of the things I did. I’m so conflicted right now. I’m so unhappy. I’m constantly disappointed. I’m depressed, but that’s nothing new. Things just keep getting worse. All I know is that it hurts me that you can seemingly move on like I was nothing. I feel like I was left for dead. I feel so much guilt and disgust with myself. I wish that I didn’t love you anymore. I know that I always will. It doesn’t matter what anyone else says or does. I really despise this life and I hate the things that people do. I hate how they are. I thought you were different. I thought we were the same way. To me you were heavensent. I always set myself up for disappointment thinking you’re going to come running to me. I know you’re not. I wish you’d talk to me. At the least so we could clear stuff up. There’s so much that’s been left unsaid. I know it’s no use. I’m trying to move on with my life. It’s hard. I keep destroying myself more and more, day after day. People contribute to that. I’m everyone’s scapegoat. It doesn’t matter what I do. I’m always hated, demonized, and shunned. Unnoticed. I love you, and I’m sorry that I do. I hope you’re happy, I’m sure you are. I feel like I freed you. I’ll never forget you. I love you. Happy would’ve-been fifth anniversary.