it’s crazy how when you begin to really love somebody, you realize how differently you see them. i used to see you as an innocent friend and now you’ve seen me so vulnerable and i’ve seen you so vulnerable. i’m interested in getting to know you on all sorts of levels. my world has shifted from grey to colorful. flowers feel like they’re constantly blooming all around me. despite this pandemic, there’s still something colorful happening in my life. and hopefully once this madness is over, we’ll still have each other. and i hope that i’ll be able to see you once the world begins to turn again. it doesn’t matter how many miles are between us, i’ll do what i can to close this distance. i want to see where you grew up and what influenced you to be who you are today. because my god, you are so amazing. i want to learn every detail about you. once i can drive to you, i swear i will. i don’t want this to be short term. i want this to be long term. and i know you do too because we talked about it. i’m so glad you’re mine. you aren’t just that innocent, smart, too good for this world, person i once saw you as. you’re so much more than that. you’re smart, creative, inventive, beautiful, funny, unique, interesting, empathetic, compassionate, and are filled with so much passion for the things that you love and want in life. you march to the beat of your own drum and i’m in love with you for it. oh. oh am i in love with you? when you do something that makes my heart feel warm, i think “i’m in love”. when you talk to me in that soft  voice, i think “i’m in love”. i’ll even randomly think it or when you send me a picture of yourself...sometimes i just think “i’m in love”. i won’t say anything yet. it’s been happening these past few days. you’re absolutely worth it. you’re absolutely worth being in love with. i went from being terrified of love and having commitment issues to initiating our romance and asking myself if i’m in love with you. you’ve been so patient with me. you deserve the world and i’m going to give you the world.