I never had the chance to say it cause at the time I was fine with letting you go if you really didn’t wanna fwm any more, I was tired of the constant backlash I got from u about growing up and being an adult when I literally just moved out and was starting to figure it all out on my own just like u had to. all I needed at the time was a supportive friend who’d call me out when I’m fuckin up but not start a war over it. Looking back now I understand why you couldn’t be that for me, but back then I couldn’t understand it. You were going through something inside yourself that was affecting all your relationships including me. You were trying to go to therapy consistently and get help from ur demons. we meant a lot to u, so at the time the things we did that hurt you or provoked you hit you 100x harder. The little things. And u had enough of it and left. For a while I didn’t really wrap my head around the fact that we actually weren’t going to be friends anymore. When I finally realized it tho I cried, yeah I was off the molly but I knew what I was feeling was probably kept masked too long. Then after I just felt betrayal like wow she really just up and left. she really just blocked me. I couldn’t even get a word in cause u blocked me off everything. The last thing U texted me b4 blocking me was a paragraph degrading my character and calling me a bad friend. all I wanted to do at the time was stop fighting and work through it. I couldn’t even text you to try and work it out. u just said “fuck it, I’m out. Blocked. Don’t wanna hear from u again” basically.  it made me feel like all those years of friendship didn’t mean anything to you for u to just up and leave. i had no idea why u hated me that much when all I had for u was love and empathy. Every time u were going thru it I always empathized and never called you out for being too sensitive. Every time u got into some drama with a friend I’d always b on ur side and not bc u were my friend but bc ur feelings were always justified. I may not have agreed with how u coped w things, but I always agreed with how u felt and knew how much things affected u. but when you left I couldn’t empathize, even if ur emotions were valid I couldn’t empathize w u up and leaving. I never thought I’d be on the receiving end of your wrath but I finally felt it, and it felt cruel. AndI felt abandoned by u. But I want u know I never hated u and never will, but that I do hate how you left.