you are my everything, my world, my love. by now, it’s something way more than that. i know i’m probably “too young” to understand at just fourteen but see, i’d do anything for you. i’ve never loved like this. you’re my first priority and i put you more than two steps in front of everything else. no one has gotten into my bubble like this. no one has gotten to me, been under my nails, in my hair, in my ears, my mind, my eye sockets, my heart, crawling through my veins and making me warm. your thought leaves me smiling and giddy but the absence of you leaves me empty. you fill me. own me. complete me. you are more important than food and water. more vital than the bones that hold me up. you’re everywhere to me. in every syllable i speak, in every time that i blink, in every day of sunshine that hits me. i see you and think of you in everything. and you’re all mine. and i’m all yours. we melt into each other. we glide our hands over each others shoulders and cheeks and waist and we’re warm. and happy. and we leave a trace of everywhere we touch each other. everywhere we miss each other. you’re around me when i wear your hoody. i’m in your arms when you cuddle the stuffed animals i’ve given you. you and i really feel like we belong. we should. i don’t want us to change. i just want to be like this. be happy. there’s a lot of pain. a lot. but that’s what comes with relationships, and we always get over it, remind each other we’re safe and in love with each other, and we’re okay. we’re all we need. but you need experience. you need completion. you need answers. but i’m your first. we are together now and i hope we’ll be for as long as we can until you want to try all the things you haven’t. you say you’ll come back to me, that i’m the one. but when’s that? when’s the time you’re coming back? how long do i have to wait? i’ve already done things, have experience, and i belong to you. i don’t want anyone else anymore. i’d rather be alone with you. but what if you find another, who you love even more than me, while experimenting. and what if i’m waiting and waiting. barring myself off from anyone’s touch. waiting for you because you’re all i need. you’re the air in my lungs, the definition in waking up and the reason why i should be loving to begin with. i’ll follow you anywhere, hell,, i’d follow you into the afterlife of you decide to go. what if i’m just waiting forever because i know you’re the one. shut up and don’t tell me i’m too young, no one is too young too breathe, to young to watch the sunset, to young to sleep through the night. you’re my girlfriend. i’m your girlfriend. just be with me. please.