feel free to disconnect this phone line because i am no longer using this device. i cannot stay in contact with you anymore through my process of healing. there are so many things from my childhood that i simply cannot/have not been able to forgive you for. there’s so much to this day that you have said and done to me and i have witness you say in front of me to mom that are so painful. i need time and space to forgive you. especially since i know i will never actually get an apology from you. i know you will never admit to the things that i remember. i know you will always deny responsibility for the role you played in my mental illness. i know all of this and i must remove myself from that if i ever want to get better. i know that your primary response is to react to your anger. i know you will probably try to blame mom and everybody else but yourself for this whole situation and because of that i simply cannot continue to allow you in my life. the years that have been stolen from me crying about not being loved the way i needed to be loved. or accepted and appreciated the way i needed. all of my college the sleepless nights wondering how i would pay for things while you made up excuses for never helping me, and stories about scholarships and money i didn’t have. i simply can’t. you don’t really help me, you make me feel horrible about myself. everything i have ever done in my life was to be accepted by you, and yet you always found something to criticize me for. you always found more to be upset with. it’s simply too much. i cannot do this anymore. there’s so much pain and hurt in my heart every time i think of you. you always treated me as if i was deceitful or evil and i never quite understood it. so many times i’d be studying hours at the library and come home to you screaming and threatening beatings for even daring to leave the house. so many times i excused your abuse as a result of the home you grew up in. and i know you won’t consider it abuse. i know you never stopped to consider why i never wanted to come home on breaks or vacations or why i was always so deeply involved in school. i know you won’t ask yourself instead of “why is she sneaking out” more what was she running away from? i was running away from you. and the awful way you make me fell. i know you will say you did it all out of love, and i know you will never say sorry. but that is not love. that is not what love looks like to me. and as i grow older i get to make the decision whether you continue to be in my life. and i cannot allow myself to continue to accept being treated less than i deserve. i’ve had to buy health insurance, car insurance, evaluations, biopsies, so much without any help from my parents. you abandon me and then get angry when i don’t look to you for help. i simply can’t live like this anymore.