What if there was no more questioning or blocks and we just stepped into what this is? Without being so in our heads, trying to figure this out? What if we took action years ago and had no fear? What if we explored this as it was actually arising and never ran from it? I never thought I was running because I was always there, and also always reaching out to you. But, my goodness, energetically I was a storm, a force to be reckon with. When things were good, you were my calm to the storm. My blocks were our age difference, your reactions, not "knowing" what we were, what our connection was... those blocks were soooooo incredibly uncomfortable for me because of my own experiences and belief systems. I didn't know who you were in irl, outside of our connection, that all had to be figured out intuitively/energetically. There were other things that could only have been discovered by actually meeting in reality, and I guess that is what remains a unknown to me. I am not sure if I should completely move on or what that really means or looks like. Can I always keep you in the realm of my memory. I do know I want to have the same type of connection that I spiritually and energetically experienced with you. I want all of it and I am open to that, even with someone else. Those doors of possibility have been opening and the potentials are beautiful. Ugh, I just don't want to have reservations in my heart because of you. I sometimes try to imagine how I can move forward into what I want and still have an honoring of this experience. Should I stay open to the possibility of any reconnections with you on any level? That is so deeply unknown. I have no problem to opening myself to intimacy with others, but I do wonder how I can do that authentically when I do not feel complete in my process with you. I do not think it's healthy for me to completely block out others while I am going through this process. I guess as my life changes, I will just handle that as it comes, being completely honest with where ever I am at... with myself and anyone I am getting close to.