First of all, I'm incredibly glad to see you so full of life, you definitely deserve the happiness I see whenever you're around him. I really meant it when I said I support whatever decisions you made regardless of your choice  when I confessed - I only wanted to keep our friendship going no matter my feelings. I should've known to keep my mouth shut, I knew who you liked after all - maybe things wouldn't have turned out this way. As incredibly cheesy as it may sound, you were my only will to live. You picked me up off the floor at my darkest moment, literally were the one person who actually seemed to care about me living to see another day. You nursed me back to emotional health, gave me a single fragment of hope in the bleakest dark. Laughed at my jokes, cracked your own with that special crackhead humour of yours, long conversations about anything that came out of my mouth till 4 in the morning, hell, you started coming to me for your problems. The night I started my suicide attempt, I fell in love with you, and that was the end of our friendship. Long, aimless drives together, listening to music and just enjoying each other's company - I never saw it the same, I spent every moment with you thinking about you, and every moment without you a directionless idiot trying to find my way to you. I knew you would never return my feelings, but I still shot my shot. That was the nail in the coffin, and I saw everything we had built as just friends begin to crumble to pieces. In the end, you're happy and that's what matters - I just wish we were friends. It's not justifiable for me to be upset you broke your promise that it wouldn't affect our friendship, but at the same time, it broke me. Now you have someone else - someone who can care for you and you don't need to spend every minute worrying over them killing themselves.  I'll never forget you in my lifetime, as short as it will be, but at the same time, I'm just another drop in your ocean, only here for brief instant of life before you move on to the bigger things you spoke so passionately about. You'll be fine. You'll always be my life, but I'm no longer a part of yours.