looking back on the last year of our lives, it’s crazy how much of a difference we have made in each-others life, we’re both still so relatively young, both 19 years old respectively and there’s still a whole world of people to meet and things to see. However i can’t help but believe you’re the girl i’m destined to be with for the rest of my life, i couldn’t have ever imagined you’d play such a big role in my life back when we met as high school kids at our rival schools big football game, we just so happened to have a mutual friend group and i never figured anything would come from it because why would a girl like you want anything to do with a basic guy like me? so i suppressed those feelings and never acted on them... Then came your school’s homecoming, i went with a friend of mine and her group, I enjoyed my night for the most part, typical highschool dance, loud music, good friends, just an all around good time. It was that night though, that was the night i saw you again, looking as stunning as ever in your dress. Your big brown eyes sparkling in the spotlights, your smile outshining any other in the entire gym, it was almost like for a moment time stood still while i sat there and watched you laugh and dance, just enjoying the moment. The rest of that night and for i couldn’t even tell you how long after that you were on my mind 24/7, you flooded my every thought, everywhere i went, out to eat? You were on my mind, out with my friends? You were on my mind, i’d even sit in class and daydream about you, i’d write your name in my notebooks and draw hearts around it, it was literally like a crush out of a storybook or a cartoon of sorts. I still just couldn’t bring myself to act on my feelings because there’s no way in hell an angel, someone i considered to be as close to the definition of perfect as possible would ever fall in love with me, i was just an average joe, nothing special about me at all. After what seemed like an eternity, i sent you a follow request on instagram, big deal right? We followed each-other, big whoop, but i couldn’t have ever been prepared for you to respond to one of my stories. From there we hit it off almost immediately, we’d text back and forth for hours on end, everyday, it was like a dream come true, i could see the girl i wanted and thought about nonstop for months on end slowly begin to fall for me and develop feelings for me too, maybe it was a sign and or gift from god himself or maybe it was pure coincidence that your dad just so happened to live in the same apartment complex as me so naturally you were over here a lot of times and we spent a ton of time together, even multiple days in a row at times. Fast forward in time just a bit and now we’re dating, i’ve asked you to my senior prom by spelling out the word “prom?” in sticky notes on my wall. That was also my cheap cop out for asking you to be my girlfriend too, we date for a month and it’s like everyday you’d find another way to make me fall in love with you. Things couldn’t get any better, i was on cloud 9, then things changed, you’d start ignoring me to go out and party with your friends, i couldn’t get so much as a text or call from you, sleepless night after sleepless night, just waiting by the cellphone hoping to see a call or text from you to see if you made it home alright or if you were even still alive. occasionally you’d call me all hours of the night 2am, 3am 4am, you’d come home a drunk, teary eyed mess, i’d always come see you, hold you up to stop you from slumping over, giving you all the hugs and kisses you could ever ask for while you rant and cry to me about how you’re such a horrible girlfriend and that i didn’t deserve the treatment i got from you. Looking back on that now you were 100% right but at the time i’d never tell you that i thought that as it would only make the situation worse. However, despite my best efforts, things got worse anyways, we’d argue about the simple fact i’d just want to spend time with you or get a text or call to let me know you’re okay because for the most part you wouldn’t let me know anything. Who you were with, where you were going, if you were okay you wouldn’t communicate any of this to me... I’ll never forget when you got so angry you told me “I don’t even want to breathe the same air as you” and proceeded to slam a door in my face, as if things weren’t bad enough, the dagger in the heart of our relationship was when you listened to other people’s opinions on me and let them become your own, you started letting other people affect how YOU felt about me, we’d spend the next month off and on with you blocking and unblocking me every other day and continuing to mistreat me but i stuck by your side, i saw something in you, i saw the sweet girl i fell in love with, skipping forward in the story it’s the night of my senior prom, may 17th 2019, you argued with me that whole day, threatened i couldn’t even tell you how many times to leave me that day and not go to the prom, despite all this though, we somehow made it to the venue our relationship still in tact, this is where things went completely downhill, that night, you refused to dance with me, you’d hardly even look in my direction with led to more arguing, eventually it got to the point where you blocked me on absolutely everything fathomable and left me at the table a broken crying mess while you went to the dance floor and enjoyed yourself at MY senior prom, you left before the end of the night without so much as a goodbye.. They say you have one really bad breakup in life that damages you beyond repair and for me this it. Now here we are a year later, yesterday for a hour and a half we talked about everything that happened, everyone involved, all my friends and family told me not to give you the benefit of the doubt, but regardless of what they said and all the red flags, I let you come over and we sat down face to face, eye to eye and talked, it was hard, it was painful but i learned things about you i didn’t know then that contributed to you behaving the way you did, now we’re on the road to recovery and you hurt me so bad that at times it’s hard to believe the things you tell me now, but above all else i try my hardest to believe you and still stick by your side because the truth is, i never stopped loving you.