I just went through one of the toughest nights of quarantine yet. You’ve seen how ruined I was previous nights, when I lost contact with you for a few days, but you didn’t see my entire perception/mindset last night. I made you mad. At least that’s the word you used when describing how you felt. I didn’t mean to and have never wanted you to feel that way. I sat there on the couch wondering if you’d ever get back to loving me the way you had 1 hour prior. I wondered if I was still worthy of your care and your attention. Had I fucked up? Was this my last chance? Will you ever forgive me? These thoughts were racing through my head making it even harder to shut them up and go to sleep. I was wondering if I could get back. Rewind time about 1 hour. To when I sent you the note that was supposed to make up for me unsending the story I wrote about us. To when you forgave me for unsending the story. To when you had loved me. I wasn’t sure if I even deserved you. So I sat there and wondered if the voice on the voice recordings loved me. If that voice still cared. If I was even worthy of all the compliments and praise that the voice was showering me in. After all, it did sound the same as all the other nights I had listened to it, but at the same time it felt different, as if it were coming from a more naive version of you that was unaware that I could hurt you. I even thought about the old recording, the one that made me question if I was a coward. You told me I wasn’t , but at this point I couldn’t believe you. I couldn’t believe what I was thinking. My mind was filling with dark images of a future without you and my eyes didn’t even bother to fill with tears for you. I know it was a minor fight, but does the first fight always hurt this much? Could you even call it a fight? It was over our immense amount of care for each other, but does it still count? Will it still hurt? I don’t know. At the moment I’m writing this, that was my last “conversation” with you. As if it were even a conversation. It was a frustrated mess of confused emotion, that I tried to repurpose as a way of showing my care for you. It worked briefly, but then you were reminded of the games I played with you. The games that I played in order to save you from the sleep deprivation, but only backfired to make things worse. And then the care fell apart. It’s as if I repurposed something ugly into a lovely art project, but you were still reminded of the trash it was made from so you disapproved of it all the same. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew that I was being over dramatic, but I couldn’t find ways to rationalize that idea. The idea that the argument was nothing. If it could be brushed under the rug as if it never happened. In hindsight I think it will be. I pray it will be. I need it to be. I love you darling, I’d never intend to hurt you.