I didn't fully get over you. I still like you. Which sucks, because you don't like me. You have her. I see the similarities between younger me and her. Type wise, she and past me would fall into the same category. We used to have similar personalities too. Quiet, smart, funny. Seems kinda shy and introverted, but only until you get to know her, then you see her true personality, and it's great. It might be a type thing, or maybe you never truly got over me. The twisted selfish part of me kind of hopes its the latter. Maybe it's a type thing. But you never really had a type. You dated people much different than me or her, and she and I are the only similar ones. But you two are perfect for each other. I miss us being perfect. The reason I broke up with you was because I realized how horrible I was being, and on top of that I was struggling with my identity. I used you as a therapist, and you weren't. I would vent and talk about self harm and you were probably miserable with how much you had to worry about me. I was sick, and unfit to be in a relationship. I'm better now. We could be perfect again, even though we weren't before. I wasn't, but you were. I'm so mean to you, and tried to convince myself it was because I didn't want you liking me again. In reality, I was afraid of admitting that I still like you. And while I was sitting in my own bullshit, you started dating her. At first I was so happy for you. And then it hurt. Can you miss me? Even for a second? Can you look at our old messages and wish things were like they were before? You probably don't need to. I bet she's much better than I am. You're definitely much happier with her. I was supposed to break your heart. That's how it always goes, because I'm toxic. I date someone, make myself stop liking them, break their heart before they can break mine, and repeat with someone new. But you broke mine, long after the actual break up. You broke mine because I miss you and you're happy without me. I'm so selfish. Come back please. 