I wish you would be willing to be there for me, like I'd be willing to be there for you. I wish you'd stop saying you can't, and for once say you will. I really wish that you would put in the effort to at least match mine. I wish your actions would align with your words. I wish you would respect me, as I have always respected you. I wish you would have responded to my texts, instead of claiming you were too busy. I wish you had made me a priority in your life, like I did to you. I wish you pushed aside your fears and doubts for the sake of nurturing the relationship that we were building. I wish I was safe to talk about my feelings without you running away from the conversation and claiming that you were the victim. And so I have to write this letter you'll never see. I wish you didn't give up on me, or us so easily. I wish you would have emotionally disconnected from your ex and stopped spending so much of the time that should have been for me, with him. Regardless of you having children with him, when did I matter? I wish I was more than just good sex to you. I wish you strived and were motivated to see me happy. I wish you would have been there to meet my family, and took the time to get to know me on a deeper level. I wish you saved space for me in your life, anytime, not just once in a blue moon when you were alone. I wish you craved me like I craved you. I wish you wanted me like I wanted you. I wish you would stay up late just to see me again because sleep didn't matter so much when I was with you. I wish you thought about me and what I needed. I wish you were truly my woman. I wish you didn't have so many excuses. I wish you could have been committed and vulnerable enough to put the work in for us. I wish that you would have wanted to take me out from time to time and plan something yourself. I wish that I wasn't just a maybe. I wish you would have traveled the measly 20 miles to come see me sometime. I really wish you would have just tried. I've wished many things, but at the end of the day wishing isn't enough.