Is everything okay? When I ask that I don’t just mean with you and your life, I mean between us as well. You can say yes all day long but truth of the matter is I’ve felt this before. I know when things feel different, when somethings changed. You know my past but you have to understand that all I know is my past. I know the warning signs, the red flags, the road to the dead end. I’ve seen all this before. I don’t want to believe that history repeats itself on this aspect of my life but it’s just so hard not to. I’m an over thinker which I know is bad and can cause many problems but I’m not over thinking about this, I’m just now realizing and putting things together that I hope don’t belong. I may just be overreacting but hun you need to look at it from my perspective. In my past when my messages would go unanswered and my questions unacknowledged and my time wanting to be spent with them being nothing other than just that, a want. It only meant one thing. Always the same thing. That it wasn’t just me in the picture anymore. And that hurts me to even think about and say because the thought of going through my past again fucking terrifies me. If it’s not true and there’s not someone else then I’m sorry for even saying this but what am I supposed to think? In the beginning you wooed me, you called me twice a day everyday and sometimes more, 5 days into meeting me you came to see me because you couldn’t wait any longer, you called me babygirl, love, babe, beautiful, you’d come to my job to visit me, you’d talk about your day, you’d call me stunning and gorgeous after every picture I sent, you almost told me you loved me, you’d make an effort to be intimate with me or start intimate conversations with me, we laughed, we texted, we FaceTimed. In the beginning things were amazing. I know things got a little complicated the more time passed but amazingly in the end it just brought us right back together. What happen tho hun? Nowadays, I’m lucky if I get one call a day, I’m lucky if I get a message on a weekend, I’m lucky if you actually reply to my snapchats, im lucky if you call me sweetheart, I’m lucky if you tell me I look pretty, I’m lucky if I get more than one word out of you when I ask about your day, I’m lucky if we laugh. We haven’t been alone together in person for 10 months and you live only a couple miles away. I can’t tell you the last time you called me beautiful or let alone any of the other sweet names you once called me other than sweetheart. You haven’t replied to a picture I’ve sent in months. We haven’t been intimate in months nor have we even had an intimate conversation in months. I haven’t gotten a reply to a single one of my texts in over a month. We haven’t FaceTimed since the beginning. You make me laugh constantly because hearing your voice fills me with something I haven’t felt in a long time and it makes me so happy I can’t help other than to smile and laugh without a joke even being told but I can’t tell you the last time we laughed hun. You haven’t almost slipped and told me you love me again and i hate that the most because despite all of this I almost say it every goddamn day. You can’t read all that and tell me something’s not different. In my past things like this only happen when someone else entered the story. They’re fresh and new and something different and I become dust. This isn’t something I just thought of overnight, I’ve known all these things since they started changing but I just finally put them all together and realized the one thing I didn’t want to. I might be right and history really is repeating itself. I’m not much for praying but I’ve been hoping, praying, pleading that I don’t lose you, that I’m wrong about all of this, that there’s no one else, that I’m just overthinking and psyching myself out. You know my past and you saved me from making it my future, please don’t make me go through what you saved me from. If your feelings changed just tell me. If there’s someone else please tell me. If I did something wrong let’s talk about it and fix it. If you’re slowly letting go to leave me easily please don’t, just tell me because trust me that’ll hurt a lot less than this going on longer and having my feelings grow even more before ultimately being left alone. Of course I’ll be heartbroken but atleast I won’t be living on false hope. If you’re doing all these things or lack there of to make me lose interest, let me tell you it won’t work. You know my past, you know I put up with shit much longer than I should when I love someone. That’s the main reason I’m scared. Normal me would do to you what you’re doing to me, but me when I love someone will make every excuse in the book for them until I physically can’t anymore and that’s what I’m doing with you. So please just answer one question for me. Do you still want to be with me?