it feels a little strange to write about you while you sleep next to me. its nearly six am and i haven’t slept since yesterday. i can’t sleep. i am full of feelings i am not sure how to voice. this is foreign to me: not being able to find the words to explain. i have always had an eloquence when i needed to communicate through my writing, yet i fall short before i can voice them outloud to you. i am shy when hearing my own voice. i fear i cannot express the feelings without a quivering in my tone. you introduced me to reddit. i am on it tonight. writinf with the hope that it might bring me some clarity. i have known you for four months now, but it feels like much longer. it feels like i have learned from you lessons i could have never learned in all the lifetimes there are left. i love you achingly. not in a bad way, though. not in a way that causes me pain. i love you in a way that is quieter, less evident. i cover your back with the duvet you are too long for, and i make sure your cold skin isn’t bare. i long to be near you all my time. to touch and to hold and to be held. i live for the laughter i share with you. watching your eyes squint smaller from the way your cheeks bunch up when you laugh. making sure you are always fed and drinking enough, even if it means walking on the cold tile with no socks. how you kiss me and hold my face gently. how you tell me you love all of me, even if i can’t stand those things myself. i love you in ways i have no idea how to describe. foreign feelings that stir in my chest and refuse to let me see them entirely. feelings that make my mind wander before i can truly understand all their parts. i wonder if this is what it is to truly be in love. love will hurt but it will not harm. i learned that to be true. true love. the notion used to make me sick, but you have always been a romantic. you should see how much i’ve changed. how sweet i have become from what i once was. we share a king bed that isn’t ours tonight. we share each other till you fall asleep. i usually fall asleep first. but not tonight, not recently. i told you in the car earlier that i learned never to associate people with music because it only leads to hurt. it was foolish of me to say. i realize now music is what i associate with you. music was once what felt like my redemption, my new beginning. in my tumbling thoughts i drown in, i have turned a corner and realized you feel like forgiveness. a mercy i have done nothing to deserve. i love you. those words still feel odd in my mouth and mind. maybe because the feeling is so much more than those words now. it is too great to express. you joke about wanting to be alone when you are older, and that you are only a romantic for the new beginnings. but i see you smile at the old couples who sit next to each other and who walk down the sidewalk in big coats. i want to believe you want me like that. for longer. for our lives. i feel afraid that’s selfish. but i can’t help but want it still. you make me want to speak more french, to express in more ways how i love you, everything you are. i hope you stay for a while. i hope you don’t mind my worries, even though you don’t know them. i hope that you will be the constant i find.