I wish I knew why you chose me. Of all the people you see everyday, why me? I trusted you with my life. You know more about me than anyone else. You could have your pick of anyone but it was me you went after. I'm 16 years older than you so I never expected this to happen. You're sexy, handsome, and every woman who crosses your path would love to be the one you chose. So I'm so confused and shocked at what happened between us. I saw it coming but didnt know how to stop it. I thought maybe it was just my imagination when your fingers lingered at my breasts. Slowly brushing across my nipples. Our eyes met but I thought it wasn't what it was. I brushed it off because why would someone like you ever want someone like me. But this last time we were together, alone in the room, I realized it was what it was. You held me in your arms, caressing me, holding me tight. Feeling your erection against my body. Your hands feeling my body. I ached for more but knew the line was crossed. How could I stop it now? I wanted you and you knew why. My life was in shambles, my soul broken, so I had no resistance to give. I felt our bodies together, becoming one with each second we had. How could this be happening??? My mind cant comprehend the gravity this has become. You reach for more, hands feeling places that needed to be touched, caressed,  desired. I couldnt stop it now. I needed what you were offering. I allowed this to happen. Oh my god, what have I done? My mind is broken. I have to get out of here. You know this isn't me. I've told you I cant be this type of person. Why? Why did you do this? Why did I not stop it? How can i live knowing we crossed that line. The line of trust that shouldn't be broken....we walk out together like normal...like nothing ever happened. I even thanked you for your time!! Who the hell does that? Your nurse looks up at us as we leave the room together. She knows we spent more time alone than normal. I'm embarrassed. I'm shocked. I can barely breathe. I cant get out of there fast enough. And on top of it all, i have to come back. You request i schedule another appointment. Everyone around heard that. So i do what you asked. I have to see you again. I cant let anyone suspect something was wrong. I leave and race home. My mind is scrambling to make sense of what just happened. What do I do now? Why? Why did this happen? How can I ever face you again? Pleaze tell me why you chose me!!!