I first just want to say that I have the most respect for you than I will anyone else. These past few weeks have been hard and I’m not sure how to say this but I will try my best. One thing that I have never understood is why you reached out to me. I remember the first time, it was at a state tournament. I don’t know how you got my number, why you decided to ask how I was doing, or anything of that sort but it stuck with me. That was an entirely different period of my life, and its crazy to imagine how much time has passed, how much I’ve changed, and how much you have changed as well. Over this past summer I got know you very, very well. You shared so much of your life with me, that at some points I had no words. No one had ever opened up to me like that, ever. You taught me that it’s okay to show emotion, talk about emotion, and talk about the struggles we’ve been through. I don’t think anyone has ever been able to reach and impact me the way that you have. For the first time in my life, I opened up. I knew that what I told you, you would largely be nonjudgmental about. I want to thank you for that. You gave me a space where I could truly be me. At that time, we were both broken. I think that’s what largely connected us. Since then, we’ve both changed a large amount. You have stability in your life. You’re not worried about coming home after school and seeing your once roommate. You’re not worried about getting into a good undergrad program, because you’re there right now. You’re thriving and I am more than happy to see it. I’ve changed a lot as well. After we had our falling out, it was one of the hardest things I’ve been through. Not only the actual loss of you, but also all the surrounding factors in my life. A lot happened over that break that you don’t know about. Previously, I had gone to you about everything that was plaguing my mental health, my physical health, and everything else. This time however, you were gone. Granted, I recognize that it was my fault that you weren’t there. I had to relearn how to process things internally. I had to relearn how to build social networks in which I could lean into. Those months away from you changed me entirely. I am no where near the person or the man that I used to be. If I didn’t mention what I am about to say, it would be a disservice to you and me. I fell in love with my best friend. I fell in love with you. I still hold these feelings and understand that you most likely do not feel the same way. I don’t blame you. I don’t hold any negative feelings towards that, or anything of that sort. Right now however, I think it would be best for us to go our separate ways. It would be tremendously selfish of me to continue this relationship hoping for something that I know will never come. I will always love and care for you. That will never change. Thank you for being there for me when I most needed it. It sucks to turn the page to the next chapter, but who knows maybe I’ll see you in another part of my life. Until then, goodbye.