    I know we haven’t officially spoken in 5 years; yes i know I should have gotten over you by now but, i just can’t. You were my everything for so, so long and I can’t let it go. Im so sorry. 
    We were just babies when we met, little kindergarteners playing on the playground; truly enjoying life together. You moved away when middle school came around and it hurt me a lot to be away from you. I still remember the day you transferred back. I was sitting in the gym waiting for school to start when our friend ran in and told me you were there, obviously I didn’t believe her, I thought she was pulling a very bad taste prank; then i saw you and i ran faster than I thought my out of shape body could run! I swear i almost tackled you with my hug, didn’t help that you were on crutches. Then life went as it usually does: we dated for a bit, we broke up, we grew apart.
     That was the last time i really felt happy. It’s been 5 years and It still hurts me to see your face, to hear your voice, I can’t even look you in the eyes anymore. Hell, I’m crying while writing this letter! I miss the days when i could hug you and hold your hand without thinking; the days when you would complain to me and we would comfort each other. I miss our friendship more than anything else in the world. 
       I think you and i have been walking the same path separately this whole time we’ve been apart. I heard you say you were diagnosed with depression the other day, me too. I wish i could tell you that and be there for you but I can’t cause i’m afraid to. Afraid you won’t talk to me anymore, afraid you won’t confide in me like your used to, afraid you don’t love me like i do you. 
     I wonder if you still think about me from time to time, if you worry about me still. I think that you do cause i know you, know how you think how you act, who you are on the inside, even if we have changed we are still the same kids that we used to be. 
     I know we aren’t meant to get married, or “fall in love”, but i still think we are soulmates in some way, shape, or form; a pair of platonic soulmate, has a nice ring to it i think. 
     With the end of this letter i want you to know that i am going to fix this some how, i am going to be there for you when you need me and i am going to love you until the day that i die. I am going to do everything in my power to make sure you are okay, even if I’m not the person you’re meant for. 
      February 20th we are going to the same place, same “vacation” with the club we’re in. I promise I’m going to talk to you and i’m going to give you a hug before we leave! Because you are my soulmate and i will be here for you, forever.