I know i shouldn't have let you go but you are not the person i had feelings for. Yes, you heard that right. The cat is out of the hat. I know i shouldn't have hid that from you. Maybe you knew it all along but that's the only secret i hid from you. I know I've mentioned that i don't want to get married and stuff and i know you don't want it either but i just couldn't stop thinking about us. There were times where i just re-read our conversations whenever i feel low or suicidal. I'd read it in your voice and that actually makes me feel better. The reason i never told you what i felt about you was, I wasn't not in a good state, mentally or career wise, which isn't news to you. I don't want to open up and add unwanted shit between us when you and i have a lot of shit to deal with. All i needed was that opportunity where i can break my shackles and have a choice but it never came. These all changed though since 2018. You started to have a career, which i am proud of. All of a sudden, you were not yourself anymore, you don't talk, text or even meet. ffs we live 20 minutes away from each other and we haven't met for 2 years. I still managed to not make an issue out of it but what drew the last straw was when i felt suicidal  and i wanted to meet and talk to you real bad. I have never ever asked for such a favour. And of all the people, you know how hard it is for me to open up. At that moment i had to talk to someone cause you gave me your word that you'll be there whenever i want to talk. But you chose to not meet me and preferred to go beck to work. That too when you have a month's off. That really really hit me on places i couldn't imagine. Since then, everything died. I don't feel the same way i felt for you, i can't even consider you as my close friend. I know change is constant but sometimes i wished you didn't. I'm glad i cut you off but i do think about you every time before i go to sleep. Sometimes i get tempted to test you with a "Hey!" I even open the chat and then i read our last conversation which reminds me why i let you go. I really really wish things were different than this but Things fall apart. Goodbye.