You know you are so confusing. You reached out to me throughout YEARS to get my attention. You finally succeed and get it. Now you don’t want it? I gave you a part of me hoping you’d be gentle with me because although I’m rough around the edges and have a wild streak, I’m still so soft. I’m an emotional creature. I was open and honest about everything from the start. I wanted to show you I’d stick around and that you could trust me. I know you read my letters. It took me a while to catch on, really embarrassingly way longer than it should have but when you texted me that one morning after I was having a mini breakdown I realized it. But yet you still kept me at arms length, and now it’s clear to me that all you wanted was to use me and discard me. So fuck you for not even giving me the benefit of honesty, what exactly it was about me that turned you off so that I could have some closure. You never wanted to give it to me because you wanted me as some backup fuck plan if things didn’t work out for you how they’re going. Well news flash. You’re not happy and you aren’t fulfilled. You enjoyed me because I gave you the type of love and attention that you should have. I made you feel wanted on multiple levels and in return I get to feel unwanted and like there’s something wrong with me. There’s not. I’m pretty badass. I give 100% in everything I do and would’ve done the same caring for you and loving on you. Would’ve been supportive and brought some color to your life whether just friend or more, but you don’t know how to be a good friend. You still haven’t mailed my stuff to me. Something that actually meant a lot to me. You’ll be hard-pressed to find someone as passionate and genuine as me. Someone that was real with you 100% and genuinely liked you for you and not because you provided me with something. I’m seriously legitimately worried about you with the state of affairs and you don’t even have the decency to say hey I’m ok. That’s fucked up. So, I’ll stop worrying about you or caring about you. You probably think it’s impossible I cared about you because there was nothing there, but I did. You probably pushed me away on purpose so you didn’t have to have that conversation. Well, you don’t have to have that conversation. I’m turning this hope I had with you and directing it elsewhere to someone who will actually care.