Why do I feel this sudden knot in my stomach? It’s going up to my throat and my shoulders are burning. Will I ever be good enough? I know all things come to an end, but why do they all run when they realize I’m not okay. I promise you I won’t be a burden, just a burden on myself. I see lovers run away in weeks and friends in months, did I really do something wrong? Did I bore you? Was I too annoying? I watch them flee like flies and wonder if you’ll stick to me. After all these years, every down, we’ve come up again. But will it stay like that? Or will you run and hide every time a new guy shows interest in me, yet still tell me you never liked me. I saw the look in your eyes when I approached. I’ll be over him in a day, but every time I’ve tried to get over us it just got worse and worse. Will I ever be good enough for anyone? Will I just have to keep being a stupid little plaything, ready to be replaced? I like to think I’d be capable of breaking hearts just for fun, but even the idea of liking it seems to mean for me. I turn away just because the walls I’ve build are so high and thick that making anyone put in the effort to climb or break them just seems plain mean. All I want right now is someone to cry with, someone to hug. I don’t need much more. I know you’d come to me in a heartbeat, but I’m so scared that in a couple of years I’ll lose you again. We go in circles just like everything else in my life. All of it is just a tired replayed script, which god am I keeping entertained? The plot twists turn cheaper and more dramatic by the day. Run out of ideas, run out of any places to call a sanctuary, yet keep running. Running and running and running and running. All until I’m out of breath. I keep running from everyone, even myself. But my thoughts are too quick for me. The only time I feel peace is sleeping, yet I’m haunted by my own bed. People always seem to think I don’t care what people think, which is true, but only to a certain extend. Why would I care what they random guy on the street thinks of my outfit, I care about what the people I love think. I try to be nice but all that comes out is plain annoying. I try to connect but I never know what to say so I’ll just be mean as a joke. And you’ll hate me. In the end you’ll all just hate me. And I know it’ll happen sooner or later. And that’s okay, well not for me, but for you. You’ll get annoyed, move on and find someone new. Meanwhile I’ll care and care and care. I keep running more circles. I don’t know when the lapses end. There is no finish line and shots are being fired at random so I don’t know when someone new will start. But even if they catch up to me, they’re always just a little bit faster. I shouldn’t care this much about people I barely know, people I only hang with because I am in bare need of someone to act normal with. I tag along and laugh to jokes, I act until I’m sick of it and decide that that was enough bullshit for a day. Even sitting alone with the whole world staring at me would be better than this. But why do I care so much about how they feel about me. I know they don’t care about me at all. I care about them, so why do I act? I haven’t acted in this long of a play in years. But eventually it’ll all be over again, I’ll start acting in a new way yet I can’t ever keep myself to my own script. I text people how I really feel so that the directors won’t notice and I scream my emotions to anyone who will listen when I’m just out of frame. My life isn’t really a tragedy, or a comedy, just some badly written telenovela with an annoying main character. Every season they add on to the stupid drama and a new issue gets revealed. I start writing my own lines but stage fright takes over so I just run back behind the curtains. Maybe I’ll be safer there. For now I’ll just hide, maybe tomorrow I’ll come out again. Maybe one day someone will wander off of the script with me, a beautifully bad improvised scene. Maybe some day I’ll have the courage my character has, or the confidence, maybe I’ll get rid of her stupid ticks and dumb lines. Maybe some day I’ll be happy in front of the camera, no more editing. Maybe someday I’ll see myself in the spotlight. Someday.