I just want you to know, I cleared the pictures of you off my phone today and cried when I finally realised what I did. You probably don't think about me anymore, but today when we called amongst 20 other people, it was still your face that I looked at. I watched how you laughed with her, made inside jokes, I saw you slowly stray away from me in front of my own eyes for the past two years . And maybe it was my fault for not reaching out, but what's the point when you seem so happy with her? We were best friends at a point in our lives where everything made sense , we even chose to go to the same school together, to stay close to each other. Yet four years later here we are. I wished we had made better memories during those four years, like we said we would when we chose to come to this school together. I wish I didn't just awkwardly say hi to you as we passed each other in the hallways everyday. I wish I asked the teacher if I could transfer to your class, just so you'd stick with me and not meet her instead. You told me to let you go and make new friends, I thought we would resolve our little argument really quickly. But then I saw it in your eyes when you met her. You seemed happier, your hair was bouncier, laughter chirpier than it ever had been with me. You told me we could be more than best friends, you told me you maybe loved me, but we were thirteen, weren't we just stupid kids? Did i fall harder than you did ? I need closure, I lack closure, but I'll never gather or muster up the courage to ask you why we drifted apart. Or rather why you drifted from me. I don't believe all friends grow apart after some time. I refuse to. I won't believe you don't think about me anymore, like I do at 3am when the tears well up in my eyes and I can't even tell if it's because I'm reliving the best moments with you, or if it's because I'm sad. I won't believe it unless you tell me. Talk to me, I beg you. Every sad song, everywhere I look, all I see are traces of you. It feels like I'm living my life in the past, while the four years for you were probably the best times of your life with your newfound friends, you forgot about me, your first one. I should be happy for you, and I guess I am but I can do that while being mad at you. For not picking me. Not remembering me, for leaving me in your past as a memory. I want to be a part of your life now, I wanted to then, and I always will. I hate feeling like I've done nothing for the past four years, while you've forged so many memories that can erase all thoughts of me. If you had new friends to move on from me, why didn't god bless me with any loyal ones? My effort feels like it's never enough, you were the only one who ever felt right. I just want you to fucking text me, tell me you remember everything you told me four years ago. Just confirmation that our friendship ever existed is enough, because I see your face when people ask if we were childhood best friends. I refuse to believe you don't remember telling me we were soulmates. Help me move on, I'm in so much pain. Till then, I shall spend the rest of my days longing to see you again.