I want you to know I'm more sorry than you'll ever know about everything, I wanted to just give in and drop everything when you called that night. I never wanted to let you go, but after spending all that time without you I knew I'd never be what you need. I cant be enough and I'm sorry that I put you through everything I put you through. I knew if I went back even if its what you wanted at the time that I'd still make you miserable, I didnt mean to hurt you more. I've tried to change and I have kind of, and it wasn't for her. I know it seemed like I was giving someone else more than I ever gave to you, I'm just trying to survive. I'm not ok and I haven't been for a long time, I ended up drinking any time I spent time with her cause it was the only way I could manage really but she ended up cheating and I left her. It didn't really hurt me any cause I was thinking of you through it all. She actually broke up with me when I messaged you to see if you were OK, then she decided to get back together but I was to drunk to know what was going on when she decided that. Idk what I'm going to do from here cause I miss you so fucking much, but Im sure you're past it now and I know that I'd be an even bigger piece of shit if I tried latching onto you again. I wish you could have stayed in my life in some capacity, I miss seeing you play with all the kids and seeing Leon go nuts when he sees you pull up. I miss your smell, you're love. I miss having some sort of anchor, I feel like I can't do any better. I cant drive down the highway in Missouri without crying for a bit because i think of all of our trips and how we seemed to always drive off into the sunset down that highway when we left.... most music just takes me back to different moments we had. I deleted so many pictures of us to act like I was ok and so she wouldn't get upset but I sent the ones I couldn't lose to my sister and asked her to save them for me cause I couldn't handle losing them. My favorite was of you with your legs up on the dash of my baby blue 72 Comet when we went to Springfield for my car show. You looked so beautiful, and you looked so happy. we had our issues, but you were so good to me and I couldn't see it. You made us dinner every night, you made sure my laundry was done, I cant even count how many times I ended up laying on your chest crying about shit. I'm so sorry about the nights I got wasted and told you that you disgusted me and that you didn't deserve to be happy, I was fucking terrible to you. You still sat behind me quietly crying and rubbing my back while I threw up everything I drank that night. You finally walked away and im so fucking sorry I pushed you to that point, I thought I was making progress towards treating you better after you left me the first time. But I was lazy, I couldn't meet you halfway to help you follow your dream. That was it, I didnt even get to see you again. After 6 years it ended over the phone, no real good bye. It hurts so fucking bad but I know I deserved it. I hurt every time I look at the sailships I got about you and honestly most of my tattoos are and will be for you in some capacity, just like the one you got after you left. I wish I could call you, but I doubt you'd even pick up. Part of me wishes I was selfish enough to try and get you back. But luckily most of me is willing to just sit here hating myself and missing you hoping that never seeing me again is whats best for you. I love you babe, and I always will, im sorry. Forever yours