All I ask is for you to not hate me. I know that I’m really emotional, and I definitely do let my emotions get the best of me. This obviously probably means nothing, but I just really thought about how I don’t want you to disappear from my life forever. I know I’ve made a ton of mistakes, whether I realized it or not, they were still mistakes. I used to never understand you because you never expressed your emotions to me, so I just treated you as though you didn’t have any emotions. I’d sit on the phone and yell at you for hours. All of that for what? Because I was in fear that you were going to leave me or cheat on me? I very obviously had my own issues. It’s literally only been a day, but I’ve just been crying nonstop. I’m so dramatic, and that’s an issue with myself. I just got so attached so quickly. When you told me that you lost your friends because of me, it really hit hard. I’m so sorry for that. I understand that it’s not easy to just get them back, and I’m truly sorry for wasting your time. I don’t know what to do from here. It’s very clear that I did too much wrong, and I already ruined things. I know that things can’t just go back to normal anymore, and I hate that. But like you said, it’s probably for the best. No apology is ever going to make up for the months and friendships that you lost because of me. I really don’t expect you to read this and just instantly forgive me, but I forgive you. I hate holding grudges against people, and I never will, but I understand why you would hate me. I mean after the things you’ve told me, I really see the type of person I am now. You could call what I did flirting, but at the end of the day I never liked anyone but you. My heart belonged to nobody but you. I know I messed up, and I know I did so many things wrong whether I’m aware of it or not. I’m just typing this to clear my head, but I cannot believe that I really spent our entire relationship worrying about whether you were going to leave me or cheat on me that I forgot to be happy in the moment. I’m just beyond hurt that I allowed people to interfere with our relationship. I am so sorry for that. I won’t be talking to those people ever again. Maybe we weren’t good for each other, but it really hurts more to be without you than to be with you. I clearly have changes to make within myself. The worst part is my jealousy. I’m so scared of seeing you with someone else that I would rather you stay with me, and that’s wrong. Now I realize that I should just be happy for you no matter what happens. I don’t want to look on the past anymore. I don’t want to keep feeling the awful emotions I felt. I just want to look forward to the future, and I really want you to be in it. Every way that you’ve made me feel, time will heal. If you want time away from me I completely understand. I know I fucked up bad. I really threw away something good because I was too caught up in having negative thoughts. Being in a relationship was just the most vulnerable I have ever been in my life. I didn’t like the fact that I could be left at any moment. I had a really long conversation with my dad last night, and it really changed my perspective on things. I messed things up for myself and us . I went through so much self sabotage that I was stuck in this world where I would constantly get angry at you because of my own insecurities. I really do thank you for dealing with that. I know I said I hate you whenever I was screaming on the phone, but I really didn’t mean it. I could never hate you, and if I could, it would have happened by now. I really was just talking out of anger. This is getting way too long, so I just wanted to say that I own up to all of my actions. I know that not everything was your fault. Things have obviously changed. I know that you don’t love the in the way that you loved me before, I completely understand. I just don’t want to lose you from my life. The point from all of this is, I’m toxic. No matter what intentions I have, I’ll never be good for you because I have my own issues. Talking with my dad last night really did change my view on a lot of things. It was never mature of me to blame you for everything, when I was the one creating problems out of nothing. The whole self harm issue has always been my problem, and I should have never dragged you into that. I don’t want you to hate me, because you’re the only person I love and will ever love for an extremely long time or ever. I know you’re never going to love me like you did in the beginning, but it hurts me so much. I just want everything to go bad to normal even though I know that can’t happen anymore. I’m sorry for being so hypocritical, emotional, and too attached. I hope that one day you can forgive me. Maybe I do deserve whatever karma is coming to me for being an awful person.