Somedays I feel so broken I don’t know what to do with myself. The pain and the shame feel like a weight in my chest that doesn’t let me take a full breath. I am afraid that everything I do is wrong and that the worst will always happen because the worst always did happen before. I’m not negative I don’t view the world as just a terrible place I know that there is both good and bad and maybe even a grey but it also feels like most I’ve gotten is the bad. I can’t let go of my childhood no matter how hard I try it hurts so bad every time I think about everything that happened. I can’t stop myself from crying anymore. I feel so alone in a way that seems to not be repairable. Sometimes I can’t sleep because the nightmares don’t let me but sometimes I don’t want to be awake because it hurts so much. I thought that time would heal me but it’s been a decade and I still feel like there’s a rope around my neck. I am exhausted by the silent panic I carry with me everywhere. I’m terrified, I am trapped in a state of fear that I cannot escape. I know he can’t hurt me anymore but I still freeze when I hear someone that sounds like him or footsteps like his or when I hear keys opening the door. I have anxiety about every single thing I do the way I talk, the way I laugh, the way I walk, or eat or stand EVERYTHING because everything was a punishable offense. I never saw it coming I had no moments of relief. I didn’t know when the hits or the insults would come but they always did even the way he looked at me scared me.  I still remember hiding in the closet or under my bed, or when I would fall asleep from crying because there was nooone to comfort me. I was so loved so worthless so mistreated but I was so loved. If I had children I would die before I did that to them. Now I think that something is deeply wrong at my core. I’ve tried everything to feel better for longer than a moment but it’s always just a moment. There is something in me still screaming trying to tear its way out from inside me and it never stops. I don’t want to be scared anymore and I don’t want be in pain anymore. I want to just be okay not even happy but just okay I’d take that. I don’t want to die I’ve never wanted too but I never found another way out of this. This is not what life is suppose to be like. That is not what my childhood should have been like but that is what I got. I’m trying to find a way to live with this to live despite it but it silently infects every aspect of my life. I feel hunted by my own pain and when it takes over it takes everything from me. I just want peace I want peace so badly I’m so tired.