We met just over a year ago. I was lost. I was broken. I was the one everyone ran away from. Everyone but you. Fought to get to know the real me. You saved me from my self. You have helped me in so meany ways. Ways I cant explain. You thought me how to be an adult. You are still teaching me so meany things stupid things. Things my childhood robed me of. I told you some of what has happened to me. You know more then most people I want to tell you more but I don't want you to pitty me I don't want you to feel bad. I don't want to give you nightmares these horrors should die with me. You have enough of your own you survived and recovered your hell. Its time for me to heal from mine. I just want to tell you so you know why I am the way I am why I was the way I was and just really how much you have helped me. I have grown to love you like a real mom. That really scares me id do anything for you as if you where my real mom I trust you with everything and im scared as hell. I promised my self I wouldn't let anyone in ever again. Here you are a hear later my fake mom.  You have been more of a mom then mine ever has. You hear some of what she does now. But its nothing compared to how it use to be. That's because of you. You showed me it ok to stand up its Scarry and I will fall but I need to get back up. When I lacked the confidence you pushed me. I remember what you said that made it all click. "If you can fight as well as you day you can why are you so scared to fight for what right". It all hit me at once but then my chaos my drama  became to much and infected everything and you took a step back and I lost it but it was all my fault and I took the blame I did everything you asked. I took the underhand comments I might add that they where creative and stung like a mother fucker still do but I deserve them and more I hurt you. That still kills me to this day I hurt you. But you still never left months later your still here we made it threw a few fights. Thank you for always being there thank you for putting up with me and my insecurities.  thank you for not leaving thank you for sticking by this rambling idiot thank you for stepping in as a mom when I needed one the most. Most of all thank you for being my friend. -jimmy