I’m sorry for letting you down. I know you needed me, I know you loved me. But I always thought that love would be there. I never thought I could lose it, and it would be something that’d I’d always have. So I decided to take you for granted. You were always by my side, no matter how poorly I treated you. You were my best friend, and my first and only love. I remember staying up all night long and talking to you about our future. At the time I thought that was normal, relating to someone and being able to confide in them no matter what it was, I thought I could have that with anyone. We were stuck together like glue and I trusted you with the world, and you did the same with me.
   But the next year we promised to stay close. It was little things adding up. Me getting new friends, having different classes, getting close to graduation. I took you for granted. I’d fight with you and not reconcile or make amends. My apologies and attitude became more transparent and less genuine to you. I remember you crying and asking why you weren’t good enough for me. I thought you were being ridiculous at the time but now I can understand how awful it must have felt. I didn’t understand how terrible I had been to you. And the final blow was when you begged me to stay at school because I was the only person you had, and I told you you’d find a way to manage.
     Months have gone by and I’ve realized how disgusting I had been. It’s been over 2 years, and I still think about it often. We text sometimes, but you’re not the same. I let you down. I let you get into drugs. I let you become an alcoholic. I let you make poor decisions and get taken advantage of. You had so much potential. And I still completely believe in you. Please don’t go down the same path as your mom, I was with you when you cried over her multiple times. You’re a smart girl. I know you are. And I’m sorry for taking you for granted. 
     You were the most special person I’ve ever encountered. And I would give anything to go back in time and redo everything. I would make it better this time, and I would give you the love that you deserved. I regret so much in my life, but this is by far my biggest. You helped me at the time that was my lowest, and you let me actually be me. I wish I would have never left you or strayed away. So, to my best friend, and the only person I’ve ever loved. I wish i would’ve known I was in love with you then.