March 1986; `They found Shelah!` my girl friends sister said to me on the phone. Shelah had been missing for a day or so. I was at a friend's sleeping off a couple days of partying. 
I said, `see ,I told you..... `I'll be there in 5 minutes ` she said and hung up.
The thought hadn't crossed my mind that she was on her way to pick me up and share the news that my niece had been murdered. 
Disbelief until I saw all of the cars in the driveway.  Of course i began weeping.
Standing in the living room my brother in law had called my dad. He drove home for an hr and 15 minutes not knowing why he was called home from work. He walked in my mom told him ` somebody took our baby Shelah she's gone`. Again of course my father cried and in the middle of it he looked at me and said `I thought it might have been you but not Shelah`.
A few hrs. Later "they are arresting your other sisters husband," I was told.
It would be later found out that he had been released from Patton's state hospital in California many years before.
An officer walking from my girlfriend's house saw a car in the driveway at my sister's house nextdoor...is that not the car we've been looking for?
Turns out my other brother in law had picked up a couple of girls at the high school to show them some pot plants that were growing secretly in a remote location. He raped one of them and bashed her head in with a rock. The other girl had talked him into letting her go. Come to think of it he was acting a little strange like having a piece of plywood against the back of his car..... hiding the license plate I eventually realized.
He was tried and convicted and is currently on death row for killing that girl and my niece.
I visited him in jail and he told me "it's one thing to kill someone but not your own family."
I thought about that for a while.
Another girlfriend of mine told me something that made me trust that he was telling me the truth 
Her brother was arrested as a suspect  but before the police arrived he told her "here are the clothes I was wearing, they're going to want them for evidence. He was questioned and released. 
This same girl stepped in to a trailer of a friend and a girl there had a look on her face as if she was astounded. 
She tells her "I see your brother and some other people stand around a fire with a girl ...a young girl crying and tied up she knows your brother asking why are you doing this? I want to go home. I thought you loved me.
My girl showed her a photo she had in her wallet... " that's the girl I saw in my vision."
We later  talked about it and figured out who the other people could possibly be. One of the people had an apartment for rent and we figured that that is where the vision took place because of the top load dishwasher is where the fire was burning. We drove over there and was horrified at what we found. We went in without permission there had been a fire in the dishwasher. 
Shelah was found rolled up in a piece of carpet one of the bedrooms had a square cut out of the carpet and a stain on the floor. We took this information to the detective on the case. Said he would look into it but probably won't be able to get a warrant with a vision and the fact you were there makes it tainted.
The medical examiner said that Shelah's feet were clean so the abductor would have had to carry her out of the house so it would have been hard to get her to be quiet in a house full of people unless she knew who it was picking her up. 
It's been along time since 1986 its takin this long for me to finally be able to talk about it with out tears falling. It still hurts probably always will.