One day my friends and I decided to go camping in the woods, we thought it was going to be a fun trip, we thought we would get the opportunity to relax from the stress of school and daylily life. We were wrong. When we got to the woods all of us felt as if though we could feel something watching us, waiting for the moment for one of us to stay from the path so it could pounce. We shrugged it off and set up camp, eventually we all forgot about it and went to the lake that was near by for a swim. While we were all swimming one of my friends saw a group of people watching us from the shore, all of looked back at the group of people and saw that what seemed to be the group leader were holding up the corpse of what seemed to be a rabbit or other small animal. When the person tossed the corpse into the water the group of people walked into the water, without saying a thing they began to swim towards us. We were stuck in the water for they had spread out to block us from the land, when I asked what they were doing the group leader who was still on land said they were fishing. That's when we all realized the people in the water were holding nets, we all swam back to land and were thankful that they weren't a cult. When we got back to camp I lit a fire and busted out the smore supplies, we all sat around the fire and talked about fun experiences we've had on camping trips. When our fun was interrupted by the sounds of foot steps we all fell silent, we looked around us following the steps that were circulating our camp. When one of my friends yelled at who or whatever was circulating us the foot steps stopped and chanting began. The voices surrounding us were chanting the children's song "ring around the rosey". The voices slowly grew closer, and closer until the chanting stopped and the forest grew silent. The fire was dying and none of us wanted to go and get more wood to keep it lit. A voice whispered in my ear "we all fall down", I turned around and no one was there. We broke one of the wooden chairs and used it to make the for bigger. When the fire was big enough for us to see a good distance we ran to the camp and quickly packed up, got in the car, and drove off. When we got to our homes that's when we realized we had stayed in the witches forest.