When i was 12 years old i had a dream i was heading to an unknown place, when i got to said place I started down a long hallway where everything was burnt. The wallpaper torn, the air thick with ash, everything had a charcoal color and was dark. All of a sudden a curtain moves and it looks like a child is standing behind it. I call out, “hey, come on out it’s okay.” The little girl came out of what looked to be a closet with a curtain instead of a door, she was burnt from head to toe, hair long and black, in a white ragged dress. I had a rush of instant fear and she lunges at me making me wake up from the dream. I woke up with bite marks on my hand. Fast forward a couple years, beautiful summer day, got done from hanging with friends and decided to take a nap. I woke up abruptly from my sleep and got the chills, i closed my eyes again and turned to my side. I felt a cold breath on my face and got instant fear thinking, “omg someone’s right in front of me,” i told myself, “no there’s nothing there, if i swing my arm i won’t hit anything.” Swinging my arm down i hit what felt to be a little kids head. Feeling the hair i got freaked out and quickly turned around and just muttered to myself, “everything is okay.” I fell back asleep after i calmed myself down. Fast forward to the present, me and my boyfriend live together now, one night i fell asleep before him and supposedly he had to use the restroom, all i remember is him waking me up with a frightened look saying, “i saw your little girl, walking out of the restroom i felt something in the kitchen and thought it was you grabbing a water, i turned around and felt a mass pass through me, i saw a white mist and instantly got cold.” I told him it’s okay and eased him to sleep. A little while later we woke up and he went to give me a hug when he quickly retracted and said, “ow!” I asked him what happened and he showed me where he got hurt.... there was bite marks clear as day on his thumb. We tested our own bite marks, but our teeth and mouths were too big to make these. We constantly hear whispers and talking, footsteps and cups being set down. My most recent dream was of me talking to her, alive and well, but no one else noticed her or even realized she was there, she looked sad so i asked “what’s wrong?” She replied “i just got my ears pierced, they hurt. I’m sorry if I’m mean... i get cranky when i don’t feel well.” I told her it was okay and i haven’t seen her since. Sometimes she’ll even show up in my snapchat pictures and selfies. Austin has a video of tapping on our door and footsteps, but lately she’s been gone. Just been hearing noises.