This memory of my life still haunts me til now. Back when I was 14 my brother and I still shared a room. One night the full moon with it's bright borrowed light allowed you to see into our room as if the light had been turned on but with of course the exceptions of the shadows. I have a pretty hard time falling asleep so I spend a lot of my time looking around and thinking about things till I do so. While I was thinking I heard the twist of our door knob. I quickly pretended to sleep closing my eyes, but I listened as I heard foot steps walk over to me but then walk over to my brother. After that I decided to open my eyes and see that it was our mother probably just checking on us. Although something seemed off because she stared at my brother for a long time. I kept staring at her but she didn't move or do anything just stared down at my brother. She quickly turned to look back at me but I closed my eyes the second I saw her dark hair move. She then walked out of the room and left the door open. I listened to see if she was going back to her room but I heard the creak of the stairs. I was curious enough to see what she was up to so I got up and followed her downstairs. From the second floor there's an inner balcony that over looks the first floor's front door with a big arched window above it. She had stop right at the railing and stared out into the bright moon light as if mesmerized by the beauty of the night. I was right at the mid-landing of the stairs peering over the corner trying not to make the slightest noise. As I watched her stare off, everything grew silent only the faint sound of our living room clock could be heard ticking. The clouds would sometimes block the light and then let it moonlight shiny again. I didn't know how long I spent staring at her but it started to feel like minutes have gone by. I was confused as to why my mother would do this so I thought maybe I should approach her but even though I was telling myself to check my body had a sense of fear driven into it. That's when the silence broke. The most horrifying sound reached my ears. It was my mother laughing but not in the way that you think. It was a horrible crazed laugh with her breathing in ever now and then to catch her breath. This set me off and almost tipped over the edge of the stairs. From there and then I knew I didn't want to approach her, I wanted to get away. I ran back up to my room swiftly and quietly closed my door. The sound of my mother still laughing could still be heard even though it was muffled by the walls. My heart racing I covered my head with my sheets and tried to sleep. I then woke up. It was morning and the sun was just peaking the horizon. I went downstairs to see my dad was preparing breakfast. I asked him why mom had left her room last night but he responded with "Oh she probably was sleep walking again."... Sleep walking ha right. I was surprised no one else heard her laughing that night. The sound of that unnatural laugh still lingers in my mind from time to time.