I want to say I was about 12 or 13, but my aunt bev had made me a Jason Voorhees mask. She made it to where there was only one eye hole that you could look out and i had it hanging in my room in my grandmas basement. I had the mask facing the wall, it ALWAYS creeped me out when it wiuld he looking at me, it was a terrible uneasy feeling. Me and my 3 brothers and my mom lived in the basement. We always saw someone that we came to know as Bob. He was lanky, not that lean or buff and he would leave us alone, he’d just leave everyone alone. If you saw him he would just stand there, and we never saw a face. Anyway, I woke up and couldn’t move, that would happen often when we lived down there. I tried my best to remain calm. I had this green light up charger that would only go out if bob was around. My charger went out like how it did every night so pretty much the norm for me.I felt like someone was watching me, so i started freaking out. I looked to my left and the mask was facing towards me...I started crying. It looked like this abnormally buff man was standing behind it with this one red eye just watching. About 2 more minutes passed and he stepped from behind it. I was starting to come out of my sleep paralysis. By time i had fully gotten out of it he was so close to my face. I just screamed bloody murder. I woke everyone in the house up. I had gotten up went through him. I have never been so terrified in my life. I dont even remember what happened after that. My oldest brother, Brian, said “When i walked into your room after andrew turned on all the lights, you were just standing there. Crying. You’re face was red, I asked you multiple times “Kai! What happened? Kai! Kai!? Kaitlyn Rose!? What the fvck happened?!” When i got in your face you looked me in the eye and i went numb, you had then passed out” Ever since then i have only been able to get 5 hours of sleep. I turn 18 in 15 days. The only time i sleepmore than 5 hours is if i exhaust myself. sometimes even then i can only manage 3-5 hours of sleep. My therapist said that i have PTSD from it.