So I went to a kinda private school my last two years of high school where they had us stay in dorms (60 year old dorms that were literally and figuratively falling apart). The girls dorm is called Caddo and it has 3 floors and multiple girls have claimed it to be haunted (one suite has three rooms). I stayed in the same suite both years only switching to the bigger room, Room 102, my senior year, but while I was in my original room, 103, every night without fail I would hear large heavy doors slamming open and closed. The worst time was when my roommate who was a very heavy sleeper started screaming in her sleep at 3:30 in the morning. She woke up the next morning and didn’t remember anything. The slamming doors kept happening and needless to say I got a new roommate and new room next year. That wasn’t the end of it though in fact it got worse. I was living with an old friend who’d always had spirits both good and bad following her since she was a child and we got to talking about it when we heard a knock against the wall, the wall that we shared with an empty room. As a joke I knocked back and it went back and forth twice before it just stopped. I don’t necessarily believe in spirits or demons but they could be real for all I know. When we asked our RA that came to check on us that night if of anyone had died in the dorms she said probably but no one could find any records online. My new roommate said out loud that it might’ve followed her from home. From the same wall we’d heard the knocking come from there was a huge bang against the wall and the clock that she’d hung on the wall was thrown across the room( I mean it literally it fell from the wall and ended up in the middle of the floor) the wire shelf that was hanging along with a lamp was also knocked over. We have room checks every night at 9 o’clock one night our RA was late she got caught up with another room but at 9 there was a knock at the door and a really nice soft voice that asked, “I’m here can I come in?” My roommate told it yeah and went to answer the door but there was no one at the door. A few minutes later our RA came by to do room checks one that we’d thought we’d already asked. I asked the other two girls living near us if they’d heard anything to if someone had knocked on our door they said they hadn’t. After that there were several times we felt like we were being watched, things had been pushed over, the room smelt like something was being burned, or our door opening own it’s own (which our door was a little broken). We never spoke to whatever it was again or addressed it because everything that happened could be explained away. But I definitely never forgot it.