 I had just turned 18 three years ago and my mom had asked me to help her take care of a 99 year old lady.  Unfortunately she was bed ridden and could not live in a house on her own. After about the third time of me helping take care of the lady I found out that her daughters asked my mom and I to spend the night with her since they apparently couldn't. My  mom slept on the couch and I had to sleep in the lady's old bedroom that she shared with her husband before he passed away in the house. I have a very hard time sleeping in new locations so I was awake most of the night watching tv in the old bedroom and suddenly had a very bad vibe coming from the closet. (The closet would not stay shut no matter what you did or how many times you would shut it so it was always slightly ajar so you could barely see into it.) I finally fell asleep around 3 in the morning with the tv still on because of the strange feeling that I had. Suddenly I woke up at 5 and couldn't move, my eyes examined the room to see if maybe it was just some really weird dream, but it wasn't. After a minute or two I had a sudden urge to look at the closet (still paralyzed) and it felt like something was looking back at me. I tried to wiggle under the blanket like a little kid since I knew I couldn't move and I also knew something was about to come out of the closet. I couldn't get under the blanket enough and I saw a hand reach towards me from the darkness. I think I fell asleep or closed my eyes or something, but I felt the same sudden jolt of panic run through me again. I looked over and saw this guy in black pants, white button down shirt, and black suspenders looking towards a window. The air around him made it feel like I was watching him in a black and white movie with no sound. I couldn't even hear the tv still turned on in the background. I watched him for a minute in total silence petrified out of my mind, then he looked at me. I could feel the evil radiating off of this ghost or whatever it was, then he charged towards me staring into my eyes. I finally mustered the strength to scream so I did, or at least tried. He was still coming towards me and my scream suddenly went quiet even though I could feel my vocal cords still vibrating. Next thing I know I am waking up at 7 in the morning, tv was off and the closet was wide open. I asked my mom if she heard anything last night and she said "No, I checked in on you quite a few times and you were sound asleep with the tv off." I asked her what time she checked on me last and she said 5 o'clock on the dot.  I never slept in that house again and not long after we found out that the lady passed away in the house.