   I was walking home late at night coming back from my studies at my college. Thanks to my clumsiness I had forgotten my phone at home. It was around 10:30 when I was heading home, my neighborhood isn't very busy and is very quiet since it is not by any busy streets . There is a park by my house that I always walked through as a short cut and I practically knew every sound and trail . The park had never had any criminal activity and was always a safe place. However on this night the atmosphere was different. Something was off about the forest, it had no sounds, non of the crickets chirped or the rabbits moving in the bushes, completely silence. I thought it was odd but decided to ignore it what's the worse that could happen? A couple more steps and I hear a raspy groan from behind, knowing the horror cliche I don't turn around. I continued walking as I heard a pair of footsteps that weren't mine. Anxiety kicked in so I turned around to see if I was being followed. Nothing was their I thought I was just being paranoid and continued walking. I noticed that there was no longer a trail and I have been walking in the woods of the park. I was lost now and didn't know what to do. Like I mentioned my phone was at home and I didn't want to scream for help as their could be wild animals around. I heard footsteps from close behind so I hid behind a tree brush lightly covered me and I peeked my head out. I saw a creature with a mangled form and twisted joints looking away from me. It had beady eyes and a long crooked neck, it was thin with dark stains covering it. I held in my scream praying for it to go away but it crept closer and closer. I stopped breathing my heart slammed in my chest I didn't dare peek until 10 or 15 minutes went by. When I did its mouth unhinged from the joints stretching unnaturally wide with sharp teeth tearing at my flesh as I screamed in agony, using it's long nails to cut out my heart. I woke up in the school library the time read 10:12 an I decided to take the long way home. The end.