One time some friends and I were riding quads in the woods. My friend live in the Tahoe national forest of CA so we were able to go really far away from the house. About 30 miles out we start to hear this weird noise. We shut off our motors and hear the crying of what sounds like a little girl. We decide to check it out, climbing up this small cliff, just in case somebody got lost. There are a lot of campgrounds so it would make sense if somebody got separated as it does tend to happen. As we get closer we feel this pressure as if something is just off. One sign was that the only sound was the crying girl. No birds. No sound of a stream. No wind in the trees. Just nothing. That does not happen in Tahoe. As we get closer, just around the turn from the crying girl there is a big steep hill. Now we think the girl may have fallen down the hill. As we prepare to climb down my friend freaks out and stops us. He tells us to listen. He tells us to listen to the crying. As we sit there for a second we become horrified to hear that the cry is on repeat. As if On a loop. The same babble and sob in a row. Over. And over again. So we do what any brave 18 year old would do. We run away fast. The moment we turn though we hear a rushing wind and a scream that can only be described as carnal and bloodthirsty. It was a mix between a human scream and a roar that made every hair stand on edge. Then we hear something running towards us. The footsteps are too long to be human. Each stride sounds like it is 10 feet apart. We start nearing the quads and all I can shout is to not look back as it would slow us down. We feel a gaze staring us down and feel its desire to kill us. We run towards the quads and jump off the cliff without bothering to climb down. We get in the quads and floor it away. As we started to drive the...thing...stops at the trees and just belted out something full of rage. When we get back none of us can speak. We are too shaken up, and didn’t even stop the whole way back except to put gas in. We decided to let it pass off as something in our heads. Later that week, though,  I heard something that made my blood run cold. A little girl around age 5  had apparently gone missing in the woods. The only signs of anything in the area was that of long footsteps and claw marks on trees. They were unable to uncover anything about the case. The creature must be a wendigo is what we decided. For the last thing they hear before their kill is the sound they can make. That is the sound of a crying girl in the woods. To this day we can’t go back there to check things out in fear. For legend says once a wendigo catches your scent it will always remember you as prey that got away. And will always hunt for you till the day you die...or it catches you.