I've got a scary story... I live in a pretty busy neighborhood, and it was summer time so it was busy and then some. My house is right behind an ice cream store and a burger joint. They both have small fenced off backyards where garbage cans are. You can kinda see inside the fences, but they are very overgrown. I never really look inside, because there really isn't anything to see. But on that certain day of summer, something different happened. The only person home at that time was my mother, and she was busy outside with yardwork while my brother and I were at a waterpark nearby. The burger joint was open and the ice cream store would soon open. Naturally, they would be busy during this time, so the bustling of people made for a "smokescreen" if you will for a certain event to occur unnoticed. My mom got a call from my dad saying to go inside, and to lock all the doors. Obviously she was wondering what was going on like any normal person would. Apparently someone was being chased by the cops near my house, but unfortunately they lost him. So with my mom now safe inside, she stayed on the phone with my dad. She knew to stay calm in this type of situation. There was soon a news story on tv about how they were still looking for the guy, and if anyone has any info to call this number. Nothing happened for a good amount of time, but there was something off about how the search just went completely silent. Suddenly there was a roar of sirens outside the house, and cops flooded the burger joint. There were also some cops that came to the house as well. They asked a few questions to my mom, but with limited knowledge of the whole event she couldn't say anything else. The cops asked if they could look around the yard. My mom said yes with no hesitation. They did there routine search, but when they came to the fence between my yard and the ice cream store they noticed something. A man was huddled up in the corner behind some brush. The guy they were looking for was only 15 feet away from my mom when she was outside. He had been hiding there for most of the day, and he could've done anything to my mother. Thats it. Btw the parts are about the cops came from police reports and my mothers eyewitness account of the whole situation. This is real.