when i was 14 or 15 i went on holiday to the south of france with my family. we were staying at small flat right next to the beach and the few days we spent there were lovely, with the exception of one night.. it was late and we had had a pretty big meal so were all exhausted by the time we get back from the beach. i remember my mum locking the outside screen door (that i guess kept the bugs out) but not the inside one, thinking that it was safe enough to just leave pushed to. we went into the bedrooms and tried to fall asleep, attempting to ignore how hot the temperature was but after a while, i had to get up and get some water. without turning on the lights, i filled up my bottle and went back to my room, leaving the door ajar to keep the air circulating. after drinking some water, i leaned over to put it on the shelf next to my bed but missed and dropped it on the floor (it was metal so made a huge crash as it hit the tiles) my mum called out from the room she and my dad were in to check that i was ok and i said i had just dropped my bottle and that it was fine. i rolled over and closed my eyes. i must’ve fallen asleep because i remember waking to the sound of a loud crash. i presumed it was just my bottle and waited for my mum to call out again but i heard nothing. this was when i got hit with the worst sense of dread i have ever felt; this deep, damp feeling in my gut. i didn’t know why but everything in my body was telling me to run- i had gone into complete fight or flight. after a few seconds of staring at my wall, i turned my head to face the door and my heart stopped. there, in the half-opened doorway, was the silhouette of a tall man in a hoodie, leaning against the door. staring at me. he was holding what looked like a gun and from what i could make out, he was dripping a dark, thick liquid. he looked at me and i looked at him for what seemed like an eternity. i couldn’t move and i couldn’t breathe. eventually the man stood up straight and backed away from my room, out of sight. my ears strained for a clue of what he was doing as i heard footsteps, and then the clicking of the two front doors closing. i started to cry but i didn’t make a sound or move an inch. for some reason i was sure, with every single fibre of my body that my parents were now dead. i was imagining walking into their room and seeing their bodies, ripped to shreds with bullets in their bed, blood splattered all over the white sheets and walls. i could see it and it didn’t matter if my eyes were open or closed. it was like it was seared into my eyelids. after another infinity, i slowly and silently managed to stand up and i walked over to the closed door of my parents’ room. my body felt like it was on fire as i placed my hand on the handle. i walked in, already accepting that i was now an orphan and that i could have to care for my sisters by myself - if they were even alive. but as my eyes adjusted to the darkness of the room, i saw no blood stained walls or horrific corpses, only my parents sleeping peacefully. i went to the side of the bed and peered over at my mum, she must’ve heard me crying because she woke up and gave me a concerned look, asking if i was alright. i said nothing and walked out to the front doors. they were both unlocked. i locked them both, checking twice that it had definitely worked, then went back to my room, closing my door fully and climbing back into bed. before then i had never had sleep-paralysis, but since that night i have never, and will never sleep with my door opened even a little bit. i still don’t know how the doors were unlocked. i still don’t know what was real and what wasn’t.