This all happened when I was around 5 or 6 years old. My parents are pretty religious so all my siblings are baptized except me. I’m pretty sure they never got to that because we moved after I was born. I don’t remember much if not all of my childhood so I’m going off of when my mom retold the story to me and my relatives. I had an “imaginary friend” which is normal growing up. Which my parents knew that so they kinda played along like make two sandwiches instead of just one(I would still eat both) and make extra room for “him”. But my parents knew they couldn’t let me be like this all the time so they tried to make me see that his not there. More time passed on and one day my siblings went to a high school football game and my dad was at work. So it was just me and my mom. (This is also the only part I can remember)We were in her room and I was just watching tv while she was on her phone and suddenly I see a shadow from under the door as if they passed by and went to my brothers room. I turn to my mom and say “mommy my friend is here” and I hadn’t mentioned him in a couple of months. So she scooch up to the end of the bed and at the moment the light from the hallway turns off. And when my mom see this she picks me up grabs here phone and locks us in her bathroom. I was pretty confused so I asked “can i talk to him, his in Johnny’s room”.(Johnny is my brother Jonathan). She say NO and calls my dad to come to the house. She steps of out of the bathroom and tells me to wait there. We also had an alarm system that tells us if any of the doors are open so she knew it wasn’t an intruder. She goes to the door and opens it and starts to talk out loud saying “ my son doesn’t want to play” and “go to your parents”. She repeats this many other way. Eventually my dad gets home and the rest of my family and I go to sleep with my parents. I didn’t know this but my mom actually went to 3 churches and asked for holy water and drenched the house with it. After that I never saw “him” again.