My mysterious still unexplained story. One summer july night when I was about 12 years old, I had been sleeping in my living room with a friend of mine after a long night/ morning of gaming, we had passed out at what I remember to be around 2 in the morning. I had woken up in a pool of sweat, but it wasn’t hot inside. (my family usually keeps it pretty cool inside) Upon waking up all I remember was hearing a low quiet humming noise, barely noticeable, almost sounded like a minifridge kicking on, but not even as loud as that. I could tell it was coming from the front of my house so I decided to get up and check it out. No it wasn’t a transformer on a pole, no it wasn’t a car, it was 2 am, and as a kid whenever I woke up, I never struggled to really wake up so I know I wasn’t seeing thing. On my grandmother’s grave, I saw a small, egg shaped, I don’t even know, but it was hovering above my mothers car on the side of the road, it was so close to the car that if you were inside the car you could reach out the sun roof and touch it, and it just sat there. I watched it for what felt like a whole 2 minutes before in slowly starting getting higher up, it got about bus height about my moms car before it zoomed off like a speeding bullet in a flash of light, and the humming was gone instantly. I went back to sleep extremely confused thinking that maybe someone was messing with me. When I woke up the next day, it was to my mother asking what I had done all night and why the roof of her car had been burnt, paint was gone and it looked literally burnt. BUT it was only in a perfect circle about 3 inches in diameter. But thats not the worst part, an old chest full of pictures and videos of our family left in the attic, had been left open, mind you it hasn’t been opened in years, still had dust on the latch on the top, and all around it as if nobody touched it. The worst part of it all, in our back yard, a oval in the grass, was dead, in the same approximate size of the craft, maybe a bit bigger. Looked like the grass had been burnt by some sort of acid but was way too big to be one of those “works toilet cleaner” bombs. I tried explaining the whole scenario to my parents and what I had seen, but lets be honest, who would believe a 12 year old kid. To this day still have no explanation, and I refuse to return to that house.