I know it's only the second week of school but I've been having a really hard time in one of my classes. I've always been fairly good at the subject but this semester it took a huge turn and I'm unsure of what I'm doing. I've tried getting help from a bunch of different people: family members with strong backgrounds in the subject, friends who've  taken the class over the past few years, Youtube videos, various TAs, my prof. In fact, I went to my prof's office hours yesterday but the whole 40 minutes was spent explaining  one question, which I STILL don't fully understand. I honestly feel so stupid a little depressed. I had an assessment today and despite feeling like it went okay, I got home, finished my homework, and when I checked, all the answers were wrong. And I understood the reading, which is even more frustrating. I don't know what I should do. I've been focusing on this class so much that I'm beginning to fall behind in others, and I feel like I don't have time for any type of self-care. My mind is always occupied with this class and the stress is causing my heart to physically hurt among other symptoms. This is getting a lot longer than I expected but I guess I'm wondering if I should talk to my prof and ask about getting more help? My prof is actually a PhD student and seems pretty chill and mentioned that we shouldn't hesitate to come talk to him if we we're struggling (he even mentioned its okay to have depressive episodes from time to time) but I just feel so stupid going to him again after yesterday when I stopped by his office hours. Also, I know I might get some suggestions about counseling, etc. but honestly these issues are stemming solely from my lack of understanding in the class. Should I talk to him about needing more help? And if yes, over email or in person? I'm just afraid I might get tongue-tied or emotional, and I don't want to be seen like that. I don't know. Have you had an experience like this? Do you think talking to the prof will help? :/ Thanks in advance.