I ordered a desk online, which was shipped via UPS (much to my disappointment). The initial delivery date was last Friday. Late Friday afternoon, the shipping status changed to rescheduled for Monday, between 11:00am & 3:00pm. Yesterday was Monday, which came & went, without a visit from UPS. I periodically looked at the live-tracking of the truck. It came within spitting distance of my house several times, seemingly traveling in random circles around a center point which happens to be exactly where my house is. Last night, frustrated by a second delay, I gave in & paid the $8 for a “guaranteed” 2-hour delivery window of 11:00am-1:00pm today. It’s now 2:17 & not only has my desk not been delivered, the tracking status now shows as a super generic, unhelpful “in transit”. To make things worse, due to COVID-19, I can’t get a live person on the phone to find out what the fuck is going on. When I call the customer service phone number, I’m forced into a series of menus that tracks my package with the provided tracking number, only to ultimately tell me that it’s “on its way to me” (thanks a lot for the wealth of information, UPS). What the fuck do I do, at this point (besides never shipping another thing with UPS)?!?! I’m beyond frustrated, at this point. My wife and I are both carriers with USPS, so this sort of treatment of parcels is unfathomable to us. If either of us delayed a parcel twice, it would not only be grounds for termination, but could literally be a criminal offense. Obviously, UPS doesn’t give a shit, but can someone tell me what my options are, at this point? Thanks, in advance, for any help you guys can give me, as well as allowing me a forum to vent my frustrations (which are currently red-lining). I’d like to think this is all just a mistake, but this saga has been unfolding for 5 days now & I still can’t put my studio back together, because I don’t have a desk. It’s upsetting to know that my desk has been within walking distance of my house for almost the past week, but I can’t get my hands on it, because of UPS’s laissez-faire attitude regarding delivery of their customers’ shit, while USPS is on the verge of bankruptcy.