 Italy your hospitals are completely terrible. Because of  the coronavirus but did it how did this all start? Let me go through  some history for you. Milan Italy is the most populous city in Lombardy Italy. The coronavirus is Bought  from Chinese tourists from  the Providence of Wuhan, of course, they leave the City of Milan. And they  only have about 20 cases of the virus. You're all good here. This is where Italy is terrible hospital system wues its ugly head. You see children in Italy the hospitals are government-owned and They only go to the hospital when they're sick. You see children when you have lack of  healthcare clinics and skilled nursing homes you are going to cause  massive problems because when you have the lack of nursing facilities and everyone going to the hospital, You are going to have problems. Take for example this   outbreak the of the coronavirus you're going to have overcrowded  healthcare facilities. And a massive crisis on your hand. And yes, that's  exactly what happened to Italy the Providence of Lombardy was  completely overwhelmed with the coronavirus nurses were unable to take  care of their patients.  Because the  hospitals in Lombardy being  completely overcrowded. So what do you do in this situation? If you are  the prime minister of Italy a. Build more hospitals  Oh wait, you can't  Build more hospitals because it's a socialist country. You can't build  them because if you were to build more hospitals the doctors and nurses would complain and the doctors don't want to work for low pay to work for 250 patents a hour. Not to mention The Grieving families. They  would have to deal with if they were to get and if infected by the Wuhan virus the world have to deal with workers comp issues? You see children the reason China was able to build  hospitals is they didn't have to pay their employees China has lax minimum wage rules And is able to cure the virus very quickly because  they didn't have to pay their employees and they can crush any rebellion. And not to mention there are no licenses in China because the  government owns China. And they can't sue the communist government in  China.When  In Italy if they were to try a similar thing, they would be  met with unions and political opposition in China. There is no  opposition. There is the Communist party and that's it. So that option  is of the table.  Be moved patients to other parts of the country. I'm  sorry, Italy you could not do that. You could not expect the  Gangsters and Ultras in the south of Italy to support such a decision. They would not allow people with the Wuhan virus to come to the South  part of Italy. They would be met with rebellions and mob violence  guaranteed. C. Keep everything the way it is. Oh, what a pity for such a socialist country to keep everything the way it is everybody in Lombardy. Italy is completely stopped speaking to your guys's terrible  Healthcare System,   And tell the Italian Bishops to reopen  the church's seriously, you can't even go to church during a crisis  when it's likely that you will die. What is wrong with people? 