Hello, I am male 22 years old. So ive been dealing with some urology problems for 2 years but talking about it all will be a lot of text and you wouldn’t read it so im gonna talk about what Im having now. Main problem for me now is pee dribbling. I was to urologist in the end of January and did complex urodynamic testing. They put something in my urethra and measured the pressure I don’t really remember pressure of what but it was twice above normal. Doctor said that the reason for me causing pee dribbling was too much pressure, like my posture is bad (it’s actually very bad I am tall guy and have a lot of back problems) and I sit the wrong way so it creates pressure to muscles or nerves, don’t remember really, like sphincter can’t relax completely or something like that. Doctor prescribed me antibiotics, some urology meds and muscle relaxants for 2 months. I still have pee dribbling, sometimes tight flow, I have nagging/dull pain or just nagging/dull feeling in area between the groin and the right leg (where leg connects with body) below, mild erection problems (like I’m 80-90 percent hard but not fully, pressure/strain/pain in lower abdominal muscles area under navel like after pumping press exercises, feeling like not all pee left my dick and it stuck somewhere close to urethra and it is like i said cuz then it dribbles. I also took some tests (STD's, prostate secret and some other basic stuff i dont remember really and did ultrasound) and everything is ok. Doctor did whats called "prostate massage" to get prostate secret so i think he obviously touched my prostate but he didnt say me anything about cytoscopy or about prostate enlargement etc. Also urine test was all good except heightened level of leukocytes which may indicate inflammation, and also blood test was also all good except for low cholesterol level. I also have ocd and anxiety/health anxiety and it for sure made my urology stuff worse. I visited urologist only in one year after main problems started and before I learnt myself how to relax and control all that stuff, during that year I used to strain/put a lot of pressure to let pee which I felt like is still there after I just peed go out and therefore I am scared that I could have done some irreversible damage to my dick or my genitourinary system.I don’t do that now but I still do and used to do a lot and can’t get rid of  doing what I would describe as “lifting up” my dick (like strain it or push it like you do when u cum, maybe its what kegels is I don’t know) after peeing cuz it feels like it helps pee which as I said above feels like still there and somewhere close to urethra go out and prevent dribbling but it never really helps and I think it only helps my ocd to make me feel calm that I don’t have to put more pressure since it will not help in any way and I think in reality it creates even more strain/pressure to sphincter and therefore it makes things even worse but I can’t stop doing it due to my ocd I guess. So my questions are: 1)Could I’ve done irreversible damage to my genitourinary system or something by straining/pushing/putting a lot of pressure to let pee go out after peeing which felt like is still there? 2)Is what I called “lifting up”/straining/pushing a bad thing and it makes things even worse and I should stop do it or is it ok to do it? 3)In general, what could you recommend me with my urination problems, pee dribbling and overall things I described above?Thanks for any help in advance :)