I’m going to blur out some words because I don’t want to set off the filter for this subreddit and get this post deleted...Anyway I’ve Been a CCA for a long time now and i am a masculine presenting female. My office has been extremely accepting and kind because they’ve always known that I was a lesb**n .....I’m under new management but it’s crazy I know our “new” manager  from 2 years ago. I had long curly hair and you couldn’t really tell back then. He adored me! I worked for him as a holiday CCA and he liked me so much, he tried to bring me on permanently. I’m now an official postal employee and I’ve changed a lot since then physically, I’m really butch now, I cut my hair and I have tattoos, the whole nine. At first he was cool but as time went on he would do things..... Regulars would approach me often when they were about to go on vacation and he would send me to other stations so that I couldn’t physically put in requests for a hold down . Then the heightened amount of work started, As CCAs it’s normal to get overworked but he would really push me a lot harder than everyone else. He’d put me on a 10 hour WALKING route everyday. The previous regular already filed a grievance about the length of this route and won, there’s supposed to be a 2 hour handoff but I never got it, to make matters worse he would add handoffs that were all WALKING on top of this 10 hour route that is WALKING. It got to the point where my body couldn’t take it. So I ended up oversleeping on Sunday and forgot to call out which led to AWOL....he told me at the end of the meeting that I would be at another station for the day and it’s now been a WEEK!!! I call him and he doesn’t answer for me anymore. My co-worker called me and told me the rumor is he’s trying to place me here permanently, I do NOT like this office. The kicker is I have a way higher relative standing than the junior CCAs at our office, I know ever route across both zip codes that we cover and they’ve been to the office I got sent to multiple times and know this area better than I do. My first day here, I was on a route and a man harassed me and told me his niece thought I was attractive and he called her out of the house to speak to me.....I’ve been in contact with my union steward and I only brought up the relative standing part but nothing else, because I’m scared if I file a grievance and add on the discrimination part, I’ll be retaliated against and make everything worse, I’m also scared that it’ll be hard to prove even though I KNOW it’s happening. Any advice will be greatly appreciated. Thanks! Be safe