The year was 2020 COVID-19 had overrun the University of Waterloo. Students would spend their days indulging in hedonistic meme-ry, ignoring both their studies and their hygiene. The effects on the University were profound, averages dropped, co-op placements went unfilled the whole campus was in disarray. Facing pressure from the board of directors Feridun Hamdullahpur made a crucial yet difficult decision, wiping the perspiration from his brow he whispered into his cell phone “Shut it down”. The crackdown came quickly into effect, the UW subreddit was shut down, Mr.Panino was arrested and imprisoned in MC. There were even rumors of a Hong Kong based accounting intern disappearing. ~~WPRIG~~ UW Food Services took on the difficult task of policing the BME applicants touring the campus. Cough medications were banned, residence rooms were inspected daily for any signs of medical research. Prisons were soon created, this wasn’t particularly difficult as most of the buildings on campus were already designed to contain oppressed students. Among those imprisoned were the top posters of the once thriving subreddit, all past employees of BME and the entirety of BME. Hope, however, was by no means lost, a fierce resistance movement soon emerged and began a ferocious campaign of gorilla warfare. Coronaviruses were posted on walls around the campus, notes containing coronaviruses were passed from hand to hand, low quality hand sanitizer was made in secret. A plot was hatched by the students of BME 100 to send several Mr.Panino Mapo Tofus crashing into the MC prison allowing the viruses (and prisoners) to flow out into the campus. On the night of the rescue attempt, as the BME applicants waited for their BME applications to update, they heard a sudden knock on the door. One of the students ventured to peek through the opaque glass window and saw, to his great despair, that the person at the door was female. He turned to his co-conspirators to ask their advice, but before he could speak the door flew open. Arts students poured into the room, their faces obscured with riot gear that read UW Food Services on it, the BME students were quickly subdued. “How did you know?” shouted the soon to be convicted BME applicants “Who told you our plan?”. “Fools!” laughed the head arts student “This class does not have the required 51% female enrollment rate, we’ve been monitoring it for months”. It was on that day, that the academic mission died.