I had been studying here for almost a decade and I had experienced many ups and downs, there were many close calls that I really didn’t think I could continue living. I struggled with a disability since I was a child, but I was really lucky because I know I probably received the best academic support in the province for secondary school so I never felt that I was different or constrained, which allowed me to gain admission to the flagship program of my faculty. However, this had changed after I started university for the first time in my life, I felt disabled. For the first time, I felt I was treated like I was less than human. I was essentially provided a spoon to dig myself out of a ditch when the university could of provided me with a shovel. In the beginning, I tried to advocate for myself to get the support that I believe I deserve but then I was constantly and continuously discouraged by professors, academic advisors, and staff from the accessibility office. I was pushed around by different department and staff of the university, and was made to feel like the fault was on me. I was met with comments like “other students with your disability don’t have your difficulties....”, “university is harder than secondary school...”, “you are an adult now, we can’t hand hold you through your education”, “you think you will get that support in the workforce?” and etc. Over time, I internalized this treatment as normal, I started blaming myself for my inability to succeed in university, I started hating myself, hating my disability. I can’t even describe how much I hate myself and my disability. I trade anything to just be a normal human being. I’m fucking exhausted. I don’t want to fucking hear another person try to give me some pep talk of I can over this challenge, I don’t want anyone to convince me that I’m going to be this hero of own underdog movie. No! I’m not a fucking hero, I’m not going to be the next Terry Fox or Stephen Hawking. My disability doesn’t give me any X-men mutant superpower. I’m just a regular shitty university student and happen to be disabled. I’m tired of compensating for the ignorance of this university. Fuck this school. Fuck everything.