To be honest, I have never been diagnosed with vaginismus, but I’m like 99% positive I have it. I have NEVER been able to have comfortable sex. Ever. For a long time I claimed to still be a virgin because my boyfriend couldn’t get his penis in more than just the tip so I thought that wasn’t ‘real’ sex. And, as I’m sure most of you know, once we associate sex with pain, it becomes a cycle. And then your libido becomes nonexistent. For a long time, I didn’t know what was wrong with me and it was frustrating until I looked up what causes things like vaginismus and when I saw that trauma could play a factor, I immediately had a horrible memory (thought I had erased from my brain) of my first sexual experiences at a young.... from my family members. Ever since then I’m just frustrated and sad and a multitude of other emotions because it’s so unfair that I can’t enjoy or even DO something that’s so natural for the human body because of someone else. PLUS, my parents were very strict and religious in high school and made me get a purity ring. So, clearly, my relationship with sex is confused and unhealthy. Recently, my partner of nearly 5 years and I broke up. A big reason was that he felt I was prudish. He didn’t say those words exactly, but that’s what he meant. I kind of saw it coming because I think I knew that in no time soon would I be able to just flip a switch and be able to be a fucking sex machine. And I understand. After 5 years of not being sexually pleased, it was bound to happen. But it’s not like I didn’t try to figure things out. I suggested we go to therapy, he said no. I suggested we schedule weekly ‘sexy time,’ he didn’t like that either. I felt like he put a lot of the blame on me and left it up to me alone to fix our sex life, which makes people with this condition feel even worse because we already feel like it’s all our fault. We already feel like we’re not true women. Will I ever be able to experience this? Successfully? Comfortably? Enjoyably? Will I ever have kids? And to be so dismissive of me trying to make an effort in getting us to just a starting point is hurtful. Then to break up with me months later and use that as one of the reasons is just a shot to the heart. The worst thing is, he never even asked or tried to have a discussion with me about it. If he had asked why, I would have told him my sexual traumas and maybe he would’ve understood and we could’ve figured something out. All that aside, I’ve been single for some months now. I’m over the relationship and I’m excited about dating and seeing new people. I can feel my libido is coming back little by little. But this is my first time dating as an adult and I feel extremely behind sexually. As much I want to get to know new people, I feel like maybe I should just steer clear of that. I don’t think I can give a man what he wants in terms of sex and I feel that’s a big part of dating. I’m already ashamed to have this condition, I don’t want to embarrass myself further.