I’m a 25 year old female who has never had PIV sex. Never had a boyfriend or even dated anyone. I first tried to have sex when I was 22 and it was nearly impossible. When he fingered me it hurt so much that I bled alone from that and he could only get the tip of his dick in. I realised later on that I wasn’t lubricated at all, so fair enough. Two years later, I tried to have sex with another guy. He tried to put his dick in and said I was really tight and gave up straight away. He fingered me and this time it didn’t hurt at all but we didn’t try again due to his erectile dysfunction. This was about two months ago. Last week I guy I really like tried to finger me. I wasn’t wet at all and was also on drugs that were making my whole body tense up involuntarily. He could get one finger all the way in but that was it, even though it wasn’t hurting me. I told him I was probably really tight because the drugs were making me so tense. I thought taking mdma would make me relax but it did the complete opposite. I’m so frustrated. I just want to have sex like a normal person. I have no idea if I have vaginismus or is this just because I’m a virgin? I really don’t want to go to the doctors to find out, I’m too embarrassed to talk about it with anyone because all my friends and my mother think that I’ve had sex. For the past six months I’ve been trying to ‘treat myself’- I can now successfully fit two fingers in if I’m lubricated and can put a tampon in, though I can still feel it in there. But there’s no way a guy could fit a penis in me when I’m that tight. I don’t have any sexual trauma, I’m not religious at all. I just can’t relax or get wet when I’m with a guy, even by myself it’s hard. Even if I’ve been drinking, I’m still completely in my head and just tense up. The last two guys I was ‘with’ are my friends and I hope I will be able to work up the courage to tell them the truth, if we ever find ourselves in that position again. I’m just frightened that they’ll just say ‘oh forget you’ and go off and find some other women they can have sex with no problem. I feel like this is all in my head and if I was able to relax I would be fine, but I have no idea how to do that, I have too much anxiety. It’s ruining my life and I’m afraid that I will never be able to enjoy sex, let alone have children.