This isn't a question as much as it is a thought.  I've recently acquired both of these grinders and I'll just never go back to anything other than a top shelf grinder.  The hype is real.  Here is what got me a little.  The BC grinder is indeed as advertised.  It's so damn smooth and I do love how 'fast' it is.  No unscrewing, just magnets that while easy enough to open, are also strong enough to not worry about it flying open.  So what's the issue?  It's the size and the magnetic posts that sticks up on the bottom.  I use two vaporizers above all else, and those are the Dyna and the Lotus.  I love the BC with the Dyna.  It's a great match.  You can load from the grinder no problem.  You can use the post in the middle to your advantage with the Dynavap.  You can also cool between click with the magnet.  Now when I'm using the Lotus, I like to just scoop directly from the grinder, and this is a problem with the BC.  If it was a little larger, this probably wouldn't be a problem, but as it is, it's about impossible to load the bowl of my lotus this way.  Well that brings me to another issue.  I scoop with a small, metal spoon when I load a device like the Fury Edge.  Well that magnet really likes to snatch that spoon away.  It's made a bit of a mess at times.  I also prefer the overall grind of the SCS more than the BC.  I'm pretty much in love with the grind of the SCS.  I'm a convection guy and it's just perfect.  Now all of these little things I've mentioned with the BC can be eliminated if you were only grinding with it and dumping your herb into something else, but that's just not what I do.  For me, the SCS is just the better grinder for my preference.  If only the BC had just a little more room between the walls and that post.  Here is a big plus though with the BC.  I've been vaping a lot of CBD lately.  In my experience, CBD is much stickier in a grinder that THC.  No problem for the BC.  This thing just won't clog up.  So today I purchased another grinder.  It wasn't a monetary issue, I decided on my overall preference, and that was a second SCS.  I don't feel like many will agree with me, and that's okay.  My BC will see much use for years to come, but unless a larger option becomes available, I will own one.  I'm probably not done purchasing SCS.  I absolutely love it.