so i filed on march 19th, i got my benefits from my first weekly claim and then my job had decided they were going to give us two weeks paid so i still filed but reported that income (which was barely over $100 each week, i believe it was ~$110.) with my understanding when you report income it’ll adjust your benefits for that week or just say that you can’t receive them that week which is obviously fine. but it created a “deductible income - pending resolution” issue on my account, it’s now been two weeks since i last received compensation from my job and four since i’ve been able to file a claim and receive my benefits (or at least be told i wasn’t eligible that week). ive been emailing nonstop and the one response i got said that it wasn’t “deductible income” (which is what my account and the reason on all of my claims say they weren’t accepted ??) but it was because i had said “no” when asked if i was looking for work on my claims. the FAQ for covid filing says your account may create an issue when that choice is picked but it fixes it automatically and shouldn’t delay payment, and as far as my account shows, that’s true. all of my claims say they weren’t accepted because of “deductible income - pending resolution” not “available - did not look for work”. so why would they tell me that’s what it was for?? the person i was emailing was barely typing grammatically correct so their responses were confusing enough as is. this is one: “You answered did you work on the week ending 04/04/2020 is that correct. That is what is delaying your payments. The issues need to be resolved in order for the payments to be released.” like what is the question in that first sentence?? and he gave no instruction on how to resolve the issue, if it was something on my end that i had to do or if it was literally just all in their hands and i had to hope that my case wouldn’t get lost in the thousands of others. and after i told him that’s not what my account is saying is wrong, and that it’s been an issue for four weeks now, he tells me it’s just in the pending status and i have to be patient. when i’ve been waiting for weeks!! i understand they’re overwhelmed and they’re under a lot of pressure. in my emails i said that too and thanked him for taking the time to help me. but how does he not even know what the actual issue on my account was..? it’s very frustrating. i’m eager to fix it if i made a filing issue or a mistake when reporting my income. i’ll own up to whatever mistakes and make sure if i need to pay anything back from my first claim because i should’ve waited until after i knew if my job would be compensating us or not, i will do that if it’ll fix the issue on my account, i’ve stated that to them too. but it just doesn’t matter. i am running out of money and it’s so frustrating. i feel like by the time my benefits will finally kick in, i’ll be back at work. i’m close to just emailing to retract my claim and refile or something because at this point i just feel like nothing i do will make a difference.