Now I know a lot of us aren’t preachy .. me for example .. I used to be mostly carnivore up until a few years ago ... and my reason for vegan diet is mostly due to spiritual practice (I’m a Buddhist ) but one thing I’ve noticed , since I’m in the military and enlisted bachelor .. I had to route a special request for what’s known as comrats to get my food allowance and not eat at the chow hall as the chow hall doesn’t have much for a vegan or vegetarian diet . And what I’ve noticed is .. I never really talk about being vegan often or mention it .. but others talk about me being vegan more than I do ... don’t get me wrong we all just joking around .. but it’s all just good fun . However with the game changers documentary .. I know it’s been out a bit and I get a lot of co workers asking about it .. and saying oh a lot of things been debunked from that documentary .. which I agree with .. but my veganism is solely religious/spiritual and I agree .. we are all medical . And I think game changers approach was off .. i think it should have been more ethically based .. shining light is I’ve had non vegan leadership in my command recommend vegan places to me (we are in SoCal so lots of places ) because they tried them out and liked it a lot .. mainly being a place called plant powered fast food... a chain that’s spring up here in San Diego county (which I’ve tried a few times and can confirm its A M A Z I N G) . And i feel also I’ve reached a lot of people as plant based being an option as I am one of the most fit and most jacked /shredded in my company .. but that’s more so overall nutritional knowledge not just being vegan .. understanding my macros and all . Now more than ever I’m getting typical macho military men .. and females asking me about it .. and religiously It’s against buddhist beliefs to push our ideas on others but how should I approach the situation ? Also overall this is just some talking about experiences in the military (west coast ) and vegan life .. like the commissary on base has hella vegan options and all beyond products out there even which is cool