Back in nov. I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis.  I had been asymptomatic until a very small peice of my vision disappeared. I went to the emergency room, they ran an MRI that showed lesions in my brain, and then I was hospitalized for several days where they ran more MRIs, did 2 spinal taps(was told my spine looked great before the first one), and gave me a bunch of steroids. All of the tests (outside of the MRI) were perfectly normal. No other infectious diseases. Spinal fluid was even negative for the proteins and inflammatory cells used to confirm MS. Well the lesions look like MS so MS it is I guess. I get out of hospital, back still hurts where I had the tap done along with pain that radiates down my legs along the sciatic nerve. I do what I always do and just ignore it and try and focus on continuing to live my life while going to several new doctors. Fast forward to March, still having pain in back but also that tiny blind spot is back. Being super proactive, I have another round of steroids done and my vision resolves and I continue with no issues besides back pain. Finally I decide to see a spine specialist and have an MRI of lumbar spine added onto my now routine MRIs. Before the MRIs are run, my vision in my eye changed again except this time the whole eye sees different colors than the other eye. Ophthalmologist is suspicious of Pseudotumor Cerebri and neuro starts me on lasix as both the optic nerves are swollen and there is no way in hell I'm going to the hospital for another spinal tap, covid or not. No improvement after several days being on it so I stop it. Was told to watch and if it worsens or I notice other symptoms I can do another round of steroids but both me and my doctor would rather not if we can help it. Have the first 2 MRIs run, and my back pain has worsened significantly by that night and a few days later I loose sensation in my feet. Do another round of steroid for possible MS flare/for inflammation and add in Gabapentin as the pain is making me nauseous and I can't even sit without wanting to cry. Finish the next 2 MRIs the next week. Everything comes back looking great, no change and nothing active. I give my copy of the lumbar MRI to the spine specialist and he notices a small annular tear in l4-5 which is causing all my pain. That's the spot I've had pain in ever since the first of the spinal taps. Apparently the pain is worse the younger you are so it's great I'm only in my early 20's. The reason they had to do a second was because they couldn't get enough fluid even with them practically having the table shifted to be vertical. My spine specialist says it's very uncommon especially because they used x-ray for placement but that it is possible that it caused it. My neuro is more inclined to believe that it was one of those things that just happened or that it's also involved with my MS symptoms. So here I am in serious pain and lacking sensation in large parts of my lower half screaming into the void. I guess the good news is everything looks the same, my spine continues to look really good (outside of that tear), my eyes look perfect (outside of that nerve - neuro op here I come), and my blood work is great.