What’s it like, taking every aspect of another persons life and making it yours? What’s it like not knowing how to be your own fucking person? This isn’t grade school copying each other, or doing something because your friend likes it, this is straight up you have no identity and are trying to become me. It sounds ridiculous but it’s true. I’m sick and tired of everyone telling me how weirded out they are by you copying my looks, my interests, everything. I’m tired of you trying to look exactly like me, to the point where you get EXCITED when strangers ask if we’re sisters. You tell everyone that. I’m sorry but we look nothing alike, no amount of you cutting and dying your hair to look exactly like mine will fix that. Can’t you just do one single thing that is your own? You just have to have everything I do. Have to have the same hairstyle, the same hair color same breed of dog, live in the same city, marry someone who has the same job as my husband (hell, your husband has a crush on me at one point too!) have the same career as me, buy the exact things i have in my home, copy all these minuscule stupid details that is becoming borderline creepy. For awhile I thought, okay I can deal with this. You have no friends, you’re bad at making friends, and you admire me, imitation is the finest form of flattery right? but I can’t handle it anymore. You’re fucking crazy! Thank god you aren’t moving to where my husband and I are moving, because your husbands job is being moved to another place far far away. I hope in a few months I can quietly ghost you and never ever see you again. I wish I wasn’t terrified to tell you how I feel, because you’d lose your shit on me.  Remember when we were in HS and you’d harass me online? Because I was dating someone who dumped you after two weeks (I had no clue), you were jealous of me and years later sent me a message begging me to be your friend because you needed one. I regret that so much. You’re so fucking annoying and creepy. Sometimes I can’t tell if you want to be me or date me. When you told me drunk one time you’d be down for me to be in a threesome with you and your equally creepy husband, that sent me over the edge. When you told me that when I’m going to try to have a baby, I need to tell you so we can have our kids at the same time and be best friends, FUCK no. You’re so creepy and just can’t get the fucking hint!!!!!!! I wish it was fall already so it was time to move, covid keeps pushing back our move date and I am ready for the day I never have to see your face again!!