I thought I was completely hopeless before. I moved states, moved to a great city, started going back to school, busted my ass in the gym, and just overall improved my lifestyle all together. I used to get treated like garbage all the fucking time back where I used to live, and I thought it was just because I needed improvement. Turns out that wasn't the case whatsoever. It doesn't matter what the hell I do, I'm always going to be treated the same in this shitty little town. I wish I didn't have to come back to this prison, yet here I am. Not to mention the one good thing I thought would come out of this is completely ruined. I've never met a girl like you ANYWHERE. How many failed relationships and friendships I've been through trying to find someone that's actually worth my time, and finally I found you. Unlike everyone here, you've set goals. Excellent goals at that, and you were determined to put in the work to get there. I found that admirable seeing how everyone else in this area only bitched and moaned and didn't do ANYTHING for themselves and pretty much expected everything to fall in their lap. After spending more time to get to know you, I realize now that you're not who I thought you were. You're the same as everyone else in this little area. It only took me seven DREADFUL years of living here and a month of me visiting to come to the realization that I'M NOT THE PROBLEM!!! It didn't matter what I fucking did. You people only despised me because I was different. While you're not some retarded redneck hick like everyone else here, you sure as hell think just like these backwoods morons. How close-minded can these people get? I really don't understand. I can't believe that after so long of me shutting myself off from everyone, you're the first person I actually developed feelings for? Not that it matters now. I'm tired of people like you wasting my time. At least now, once I go back to my new HOME, I can burn every god damn memory I have of this place. So to the girl I caught feelings for, fuck you, this town, and every overweight, entitled, window-licking, jackass that unfortunately passed through their mothers god forsaken womb to exist here. I'm going to continue doing things to better myself instead of focusing on your dumbasses. Good riddance you bunch of CUNTS!!!