Ten years ago my dad cheated on my mom, I was 15 at the time. He “changed” and they worked it out and for a few years it was okay. But over the last few years his drinking has gotten worse and he had been not only cheating but had a separate cell phone for multiple affairs. My mom and I have always been very close, after this happened the first time she gradually started to emotionally latch on to me more and more. Over the years she would guilt trip me if I had plans with friends or missed ONE family get together if I was out of town or hanging with friends. I would usually feel as if I was being a bad son or as if I was letting her down. As I got older I started to realize more and more that she would guilt trip me when I was enjoying myself away from home. It got noticeably worse when I started dating my current girlfriend 4 years ago. Her relationship with my father has never been the same since the first time she caught him and has only gotten worse. For the past couple years me and my gf have both been living at home (4 hours apart) to save up and move when we’re ready. Last month during “lockdown” I went to see her for a week for my birthday since neither of us were working. A few days before my birthday my mom told me she caught my dad again and kicked him out. She asked I come home to be with her so I did. I tried to encourage her to get a divorce and spent a month trying to help her take action and get a better life for herself. She would not do anything. I knew I needed to tell her that I was planning to move out of state at some point so I did and she lost it. She wouldn’t listen to my reasoning or have a conversation with me. She just shut down and told me to do what I needed to do. She said because of me wanting to move she’s going to stay with my dad so she’s not alone. I haven’t talked to my dad since she kicked him out and today she told me he will be here for Memorial Day tomorrow along with my moms side of the family (who have no clue what he’s done) I guess she expects me to forgive him and pretend nothing happened bc she has supposedly forgiven him. I don’t want my mom to be stuck with someone who treats her like that. I don’t want to feel like I’m abandoning her but I want to move and start my own life/search for better opportunities. I feel like if I move my relationship with my mother will never be the same and she may resent me because of it. I tried to tell her it has nothing to do with her and that I care about her but she’s very hard to talk to and just doesn’t listen.