Right now in my life i feel extremely depressed, im sad and tired all the time and i cant seem to get any motivation to do anything. I feel stupid and angry because I cant seem to grasp any concepts im passionate about(Programming and game development). I had a car forced onto me by my parents, they told me i have to pay for indurance and the car payments, so I had to get a job. This job just further pushed me into depression, i work fast food and i cant even seem to do the most simple tasks, I've been stressed because i have to apply to colleges and worry about my future. I cant practice any skills for the future, Cant go to the gym, and i cant even play my favorite video game because i don't have time anymore. I feel drained, but i dont want to tell anybody because when i try I'm told to man up and stop being a bitch. I still try to walk around with a smile and a pep in my step and i push everything down. Pushing things down has caused me to have multiple breakdowns and ive just given up, i still want to pursue my dreams and keep my family happy, but im just so tired. My dog also just died and my friends are getting further away, i only have 2 left that are really close to me. I cant keep or even get a girlfriend and i cant even sleep anymore. It's all taking its toll at once and im going to snap soon. Im not suicidal and i never will be, i think that it's selfish if I want to kill myself. I just wanted to get all of this off my chest, i cant even keep my smile anymore, i cant pay attention in class because im so tired and i still haven't finished with my college stuff. I feel empty, I honestly dont know what to feel, im not even able to stand up straight sometimes from exhaustion. I just keep telling myself that there are people who have it worse, its all just so much and I hate it. I'm 2 months from graduation and my grades are dropping. All of my paycheck goes to my car, so i cant even treat myself, i cant even hang out with my friends, im just not ready to become an adult, it was all too sudden and i dont know what to feel anymore.