Today I was doing my taxes and questions regarding him came up (he claimed me until I'm 24) I went to ask and it turns out I read the question wrong (I'm dyslexic). It was about dependents and whatnot and was worded weird. So, he said "Don't put on there that you own a house or anything." I dont understand why the fuck he thinks I'd be dumb enough to lie about my taxes. I read the question wrong, it was an honest mistake. I'm also 21, so I've (obviously) done my fucking taxes before. He does this with other shit, too and it really pisses me off. He think that I dont know anything and have very little experience in life when it's the exact opposite. Like, one time my uncle was having trouble with drugs, like hardcore shit. And when I asked him about what was going on he wouldn't tell me (I was 19 at the time) because, in his words "You dont know anything stuff like this. You're sheltered." And I was like????? No I'm absolutely not. I guess at the same time I can see why he'd think this, a lot of the shit I've been through, even stuff in my teen years, I've never told him. I never told him about how I'd sneak out every night around 1am to go see my friend who was suicidal. His mother had cancer and it was not going well. They were also really poor, to the point that they were evicted and living with his uncle. So, she couldn't afford treatment. And every night, I would go over to his and watch him sit on his bed, depressed, while his mother destroyed herself with alcohol. I also never told him about my trans friend who, in my junior year of high school, died of a heroin o.d. I also never told him of how most of my male friends were so emotionally and verbally abusive towards me, and sometimes physically. He thinks I'm sheltered, but I have no idea where he even gets that from considering we were never close. I never spent time with him. He would always tell me how much he didnt like me, the way I dress, or the way I was (I was gay, he knew, he also didn't like that I "dressed gay") He also voiced that he was embarrassed to be seen with me in public because I "dressed gay." And he was also never home. Towards the end of my sophomore year of high school, he started dating woman who lived closer to where he worked. I should also mention he works 45 minutes away. He was over at her house for days at a time, and more recently he's even been spending months over there. I just hate the fact that he thinks I'm dumb and sheltered, and he always talks down to me considering he doesnt know a thing about me, has never spent time with me, or has even wanted to. What's even more infuriating is that everytime I do something good, say for another person, or help someone or whatever he chalks it up to himself. He says "Yup, that's the way I raised her." Or "Yeah, I did a good job her." When in reality it has nothing to do with him or how he raised me. If anything, he was extremely abusive, especially in my teen years. When I was younger, mainly in middle school, he would make violent threats if i didnt get good grades. If I came home with D's and F's, he would sit me in my room and scream at me for hours. He would say shit like "What the fuck is wrong with you? Why cant you just understand this shit?" And then he'd continue with the "Are you fucking dumb or something?" shpiel. And when I would begin to cry because of his insults, he would threaten me. "I swear to God, if you start crying I will smack the shit out of you." Stuff like that. Throughout my life, he's only gotten physical twice and I'm so goddamn lucky it was only twice. Because when it happened it was hell. Then, as I mentioned, in high school it got worse. It was almost all the fucking time with shit. Always putting me down in some way. If I got detention, if I was late to school, if I forgot to take the trash out, if I forgot to do the dishes. He would find any reason to yell at me. But now that I was older, the insults would be more direct and personal. But, anyways. He would take anything remotely kind that I did and credit himself and go on about how he raised me. When, in reality, I turned out the way I did because of myself and my friends. Also partially my grandparents. It was because of my life experiences that I turned out the way I did; seeing two of my friends die, seeing cancer destroy a family, and many other things. Idk. I just hate how my father thinks of me in general.