I've been wanting to die since I was really young. I've always had thoughts on how to do it and when to do it. I kept making plans in my head but never went through with it. Except this year, I tried to hurt myself. I'm weak and didn't have the guts so I went with what I thought was the easiest method. Which was overdosing on pills. I had everything prepared. Everyone was asleep, I had the pills, I made sure no one would find me until I was dead, locked the door, wrote my letters, etc. I was about to take the pills but I started crying and I made a decision that would ruin me. I told a friend what I was trying to do. They eventually calmed me down enough to where I fell asleep after hiding everything. I woke up and I was told to change and wait in the living room because the police were going to come. Apparently that "friend" ended calling the school, who called the police. When the police finally came, they asked me questions and went to talk to my mom who had just come home from work. She came into my room as the police went outside and she told me they were taking me to a hospital. She was crying and she told me "You're always causing me problems". I didn't cry or feel anything. I basically went numb for a while. I changed into clothes and I went outside. My whole family was outside just staring at me. I was put into handcuffs and put into the cop's car. I didn't look outside maybe because I felt ashamed. I hated how everyone was staring at me. I thought everyone hated me for causing a problem. They took me to the hospital and I was forced to strip and wear a gown with no shoes or socks. I was so uncomfortable as I have always felt insecure about the way I look. A lady started asking me questions and when she told me I would stay there for that night and 3 more days, I started crying. When I was told I could change back after they gave me the clothes they already checked in, I went into the room, changed, and burst into tears. I was so afraid since this had never happened before. I was terrified. I felt like I couldn't breathe. Everyone treated me like a child. Even though I was a high schooler! They said I could go into my room, which is shared with 2 other girls. I stayed on the hallway as I hate meeting new people. That first day there, a kid went crazy and they had to tie him down in another room because he got into a fight. I ran into the room and stayed there on my bed. The kid calmed down and everyone was allowed to go into the room down the hall to eat dinner. I stayed in the room and started crying slowly. I spent most of the time reading the papers they had given me, as they give everyone. I found out they check in on you every 15 minutes and no pencils, markers, crayons, food, or ANYTHING was allowed into the room. We got a bag with toothpaste, toothbrush, and a horrible hairbrush. We had to give everything back and then it was lights out. I couldn't sleep. I was trying not to cry and I kept telling myself, this is for the best. You need time away from your family. I kept trying to sleep but it's almost impossible for me to sleep without a fan. I get hot easily and I can't sleep in silence. I wait until the other girls fell asleep and started snoring. I moved my one small pillow and very thing blanket to the floor and although the floor was hard and uncomfortable, it was fresh. I fell asleep for a while and woke up freezing. I went back onto the bed and tried to sleep but my leg was hurting so bad from the cold and it took a while. I fell asleep and in the middle of the night I was woken up for a while to get a shot in my right arm. I was still half asleep and I expected like a normal shot. I then felt something get shoved into my right arm and I gasped and it was quick but even when I was told I could sleep again, I felt pain and my arm was trembling. It took a while but I went to sleep again. I woke up with a sore leg and arm. I told them and the next night, I had another shot but I assumed they listened to me and I got a normal shot I was used to. Visiting hours came by and I didn't think anyone would come for me. I was about to try to fall asleep earlier so I didn't cry, but I got called into the room and my mom and brother had come for me. I was so happy to see them but also terrified. My mom cried and told me she was sorry. When our time was over, I went back to my bed and I cried myself to sleep feeling happy and homesick. I felt like I had no privacy. I couldn't be anymore alone without being checked up on and the bathroom door was only half existent as they needed to know when someone was in there. It wasn't a bad place but I hated being there. I wanted to be home in my own bed. The last day finally came and I was told to get whatever I had, which was nothing but a small blanket my mom brought for me and a shirt that didn't even fit me. I wore the same clothes for 3 days and I just wanted to shower and change. I was brought home and got told I needed to do therapy on the phone as the virus was around and we couldn't leave. It was for 6 weeks. One day each week. It was fine I guess but I hated having to turn on the camera. When my dad found out I had to take therapy, he told me I always cause problems for my mom. He never apologizes for anything. He always forces me to workout because I'm not the perfect daughter he wished he had. He also cheated on my mom but she stayed with him. I honestly hate him so much. When therapy ended, I told my parents and my mom was glad while my dad said "I can't wait for the next time you try to do something stupid again". Everyone has treated me like I'm fragile since then. I literally trust no one right now in my family except a brother that I always fought with when I was younger because he had anger issues. I'm honestly surprised that the person who used to hate me the most, is the only person I feel cares for me. His girlfriend too of course but I don't talk much with her. Recently now though, I started crying out of no where because I play a game, watch a show/movie, or see a part of my room that reminds me of my room from the mental hospital. Even the hallways enters my thoughts at times. I start crying and thinking I'm crazy as my family says I am. I don't know what to think and I'm stuck in my room all day not wanting to see anyone. I stay up all night as it's my only time to leave my room, get some food, and just do whatever I want. When someone wakes up to go to work, I go to my room and fall asleep usually. This happens around 7am at times. I don't wake up until almost 4pm and the day goes by so quick. I don't even get to eat as much anymore which I probably deserve as I'm fat. I hope I've lost some weight but I doubt I have. Point of this whole thing is, am I crazy? I'm starting to want to die again slowly. I feel so alone and tired.