The first post I made helped quite a bit, but I haven't and probably won't ever tell my family my problems. I just need to get some stuff of my chest. For their privacy, my sisters are S1, S2, and S3, s1 is the youngest, s3 oldest. Same with my 3 brothers. Mom = m, step-dad = SD, real dad = D. S2 blamed her almost commuting suicide aand her cutting herself on me, and back then I didnt know what to do. S3 also somewhat blamed me for her attempt, but she has been an ass to my entire family, and has actually called CPS on my mother for " abusing her" she was NEVER, EVER EVEN TOUCHED BY MY MOM. S2 also touches my butt all the time (5 times in the last 2 days) when I constantly tell her not to, and I genuinely fear for my life when around her. S2 claims she loves me, and that is extrodinarily hard to believe. M keeps siding with s2, for no reason at all. S1 is a horrible person to me and always uses "I was born 4 months early" to get away with everything, but not s2, because they both always side against me (random example, few days ago s1 was going to her room, I was about 2 feet away to the left from her door, and "i wAS bLOCKing tHE WaY tO tHE doOR." My entire family never shows me anykind of love, and hasnt for a year or 2 now. My SD genuinlly just hates me, and always put is 2 cents in WHERE IT NEVER BELONGS, and is hellishly annoying. Sd says that 2 pieces of cereal is a massive mess (it isn't) and he is to lazy to ever do anything. It feels like everyone in this house is incapable of taking 2 steps, and always asks me and my mom to do everything (my SD will literally walk to the other side of the house to tell me to put a bag of cereal away when he could save time by taking 2 steps to his left, walking to the other side is way nore work than 2 steps) and I am ALWAYS waiting for M and SD next fight (Not fist fight, just yelling, and it always happens) so that SD can go away. You may be wondering where is D in this? He raped S1. S2 is increadably hypocritical, yelling at her phone or game a lot, but when I call titans (Destiny 2) crayon-eaters very calmly she FREAKS OUT and starts to yell at me. As I said in previous post, they never let me be angry or sad, which always angry and probably depressed ( I couldnt care less if a car was coming at me in a road, I would hope it hits me) and I have no way to release any anger at all except for telling my self that it doesnt matter. I have learned what to say to adults to avoid being yelled at or be questioned about my non-existant happiness. I literally will go at life with an "Eh, so what" attitude. Someone stabbed me with a knife? Eh, so what. I understand this may seem small to some others, but I broke my first promise in years, telling my mom that everything's okay.