First of all, this friend is pretty much the only person I tell everything to, she’s my go to for anything going on in life and pretty much the only person I have to talk to, we have the same birthday, we’re really close although I’ve only been friends with her the past year or less (we were friends a few years ago and recently got in touch again) I’ll call her C for convienence . I (14 F) have a friend I’ve had my entire life since birth, we don’t talk too much over the phone and over text since she isn’t on her phone really at all but we’re still very close (I’ll call her P) P has recently come out as bisexual, she has told me about her crush and feelings towards C. C has also told me about her crush on P, but P hasn’t come out to her parents and wants to wait to really date. As I’m really close of course I really want them to work out, I joke about how I’m going to make them get married in the future. Now since quarantine ive not talked much with P but tons with C, I hung out with C yesterday which was amazing. Now C has sort of been jumping between relationships and is wondering about her sexuality, another reason she doesn’t want to be with P atm. Yesterday C and I had an amazing time, I obsessed over her dogs, we even took walks under the stars and layed on her trampoline to look at the stars.  (she lives out in the country and the sky is beautiful at night) and we got even closer than we were and proved to know each other really well.  Now, I’ve been questioning my sexuality, I’m really not sure what I am, I know I’m attracted to guys and have had crushes on them In the past and I’m not sure if I like girls. As of right now I think I do but other times I have no idea. Now I’d never pursue C because we’re very close friends and as of now she’s pretty much the only person I can talk to and id never want to ruin that, and because id never do that to P. But I just really wanted to get my feelings out there and I can’t talk to C about it obviously. C talks about how years ago when we were originally friends she had a crush on me and jokes about it a lot, at this point I think maybe I’m just developing these feelings because I’m thinking about liking girls in general for the first time? And she’s been the only person I’ve really interacted with, not that she’s not amazing of course... I don’t know and I realize this post is kind of messy and no one will probably read this far but I really just wanted to vent somewhere XD