Every day for the past 15 years he comes up to my desk, squats down with a notepad and clicky pen, and whispers, ”hey, quick question...” or “hey, stupid question” Then proceeds to whisper questions like It’s his first day on the job, all the while clicking his pen, but never writing anything down (I’m just a coworker, not his supervisor, he started at the company a year before I did). You can be polite to him, you can be rude to him, you can completely ignore him, it doesn’t stop him. You can say, “I’m really busy. I can’t talk right now” which will cause him to ask 10 minutes of questions on why you’re busy. He whistles at his desk. He e-mails memes and jokes that are years old. He microwaves fish in the breakroom. He‘s nosy, irritating, and weird. He sets the AC so low that it breaks every year. He only whispers and speaks in hushed tones. He leaves early. He never comes in when extra work is needed. He never stays late during crunch time. His interests, background, upbringing, and personality are the polar opposite of mine. He is extremely friendly (in a Ned Flanders way). He is is the most annoying person I have ever met by leaps and bounds. Everything about him annoys the shit out of me. He describes EVERYTHING, as “flippin‘ a-maz-ing”. I have never initiated a conversation with him, yet he always comes up and starts the most superficial conversations. You can be blasting music in your headphones, super focused on work, with your back turned to him. Yet he’ll come by, motion for you to take off your headphones, and then ask something like, “what did you do this weekend?” You can respond with, “I raked leaves and slept.” And his response will be “Awesome man!” I was polite to him for a long time. For the last three years now I have been downright rude, I never make eye contact, I never say hello. My answers are all rude, curt, one word responses. I am trying to let him know that I don‘t want to interact with him. It doesn't change his behavior. So what, I’m a rude jerk to him at this point. I don’t care, apparently he doesn’t either.