I made a joke saying well this is just another reason to kill myself so who is the real winner, and I got in trouble and it was worse than any time before she pulled my hair kicked me hit me with the broom then I went up stairs and my room wasn’t clean and she made me go share rooms with my big sister and tbh my room was a mess and she kept on yelling and when she got mad it would just start again but idk at some point it didn’t hurt and I was just there existing idk and like whole time I know like no one from real life is here but like this is tmi like I have seen myself I know I’m nasty but she was mad I was still cutting and started hitting me for that and I sorta peed myself and we were moving stuff and putting away trash and she found my soda we aren’t aloud it be it will mess up our  ph balance and we will be sick or something. She started with the broom and idk if it just hurts more or because I steady got hit or what but I felt horrible and I didn’t know what to do and tried to block but all I got is a bruise on my palm and my thumb was in pain for 3 days. Then she was yelling at me to kill myself and she thought ten Tylenol’s would do the job and that I was just acting white because if I’m not dead from my cuts I must not want it and she said she would help me but she lied about that and she thinks it is easy to die, tbh failing makes me feel like more of a fake. Like I barely even have any hair and you just pull it and she told my siblings stuff that wasn’t true then went on a rant about dcfs. I’m tired of this and I have been more afraid of her because of it I’m flinching more and stuff and she just makes fun of me. Then my dad gave me a  tv I didn’t ask for for my birthday (May 9th) I’m grateful but I had the tv my little brother bike and was fine with it. And both him and my mom just talked crap about white people and crap and I guess I’m not getting a cake so YAYYY icing on the non existent cake because I don’t have one. And I feel like I’m just tiring everyone out I’ve been thinking about the car thing and about how I’m like hella ugly tbh so I probably did want it subconsciously, I feel so worse and I talked to my friend Taylor but it is always late at night and my other on she said she is going to sleep when I tried talking but it was 5 am but my brain makes me feel bad still. I LIKE THE COLOR BLUE and that doesn’t make me a hue but when I say that makes no sense my dad gets mad, asking do I hate her I hate both of you equally and wish you knew how to put on a condom. And you love calling me a f*g like the only reason I came out to u was because I thought I would be dead and then I un came out I guess and you still do you can’t even get it right but what the point because the only person who likes me is a pedophile imagine some one liking you just for their child wedgie dream I guess that’s like the pregnant thing where they only like the fact they are pregnant. And I’m so irritating the school counselor wanted to call or done but no that just makes things worse. I refuse to bother my friends and I don’t want to bother anyone else even on here I know I am don’t lie u aren’t my mom. But  I’m crying a lot less as I finish this compared to how I began so I think this helped even though no one will read it whole time it is 5:59 May 7th my b day in 2 day and idk if I want to live to turn 14