I’m sick of doing what I’m supposed to do, and then get yelled at for not doing something that I wasn’t supposed to do.  I feel guilty enough already, but then everyone in this family keeps packing on stressors one after another.  They don’t appreciate me whatsoever.  I stay home all day to take care of this dog so we don’t become those idiots that lock their dog up for eight hours.  And they all come home and act like they just went through war and can’t take care of THEIR dog.  And my sister thinks going to middle school is enough to exempt her from any responsibility whatsoever.  When I was going to freaking college, I still came home and took care of the dog.  If I were to get a job, everyone would come home and bitch about how terrible their day is so they don’t have to take care of the dog or get to sit on their ass.  It’s our dog, who all have to take care of him.  Yet, I’m usually the one who takes care of him and actually cares about his well being, but gets zero credit for it.  My mom cares for him as well but hates it.  So she tries to dumb him on me.  Her and my sister are the ones that actually wanted the dog, I was perfectly fine with the animals I had before.  She won’t dare make my sister do anything.  I’m pretty sure she’s given up parenting her.  Almost zero punishment for the bs she pulls.  My mom complains how much she stresses her out and doesn’t want to bother.  Like ok then, make me suffer because he can’t ground her for more than an hour.  She had no problem grounding me or punishing me when I did something bad or stupid.  Really sucks to remember all the times I was rightfully punished and then see my sister do the same shit (but even worse) and get nothing.  She’s unaware of everyone around her and only cares for herself.  I actually give a fuck about things other than myself.  But when I do take my mental health into consideration for even a second, I’m apparently a horrible person.  My mom takes care of the dog for an hour and apparently I’m irresponsible.  She made a schedule for who watches the dog and it’s already falling apart.  It was my turn but my mom took him downstairs and said I could leave until he started misbehaving.  I stayed awake all morning (on three hours of sleep btw but of course that doesn’t matter to anyone because my life isn’t stressful even tho it’s clear I’m about to have a mental breakdown) and I finally dozed off like 20 minutes before my time was up.  I only woke up when he started barking but it was my sister turn so I went and got her.  I still got yelled at.  I go back upstairs and actually sleep because I’m exhausted.  I wake up an hour later to him barking.  He barked for at least 10 minutes and nobody had gotten him.  I go yell at my sister and she mocks me for giving a damn.  I go back to sleep for like 30 minutes and I get up to eat lunch.  And I also almost died and slit my leg open because I tripped on his gate and my mom just didn’t care at all and was even annoyed.  And then my mom makes a smart ass comment about how she’s the one stuck with the dog.  I told her to not yell at me about it because it’s not my turn.  She then makes an excuse for why it’s my fault and tries to make me feel like shit.  She said my sister watched him for like literally 30 minutes this morning.  Oh wow, my sister actually did something for 30 minutes out of the several weeks she does absolutely nothing.  And apparently that automatically makes me an irresponsible selfish bitch.  I stayed with the dog for hours yesterday during my turn, while my sister doesn’t do anything for the rest of the day.  Maybe took him out once, that’s it.  It was her turn this afternoon and she went upstairs and ignored his barks and his whines.  And apparently that’s my fault and that I’m worse because I accidentally dozed off for 20 fucking minutes, when he wasn’t even doing anything.  My mom also thinks it’s ok for my sister to be less responsible because she’s younger than me.  She’s 14, not a toddler.  When I was 14, I was expected to do a lot of shit.  But she doesn’t have to simply vacuum or sweep the floor because she’s 14.  The fuck?  I just want to smash my head against the wall until I die.  I bet if I did die, they’d regret treating me like shit and not being grateful that I’m ruining my life and mental health over this shit.  But of course I’d never do that because I actually give a damn about shit.