     I’m not being a dramatic loser, tbh I think the whole idea that guys can’t express feeling is so stupid. Also please don’t say you’re to young to worry about that. I’m young (14) but anyway, I liked this girl and I was lying in bed and hanging out and a week from then there was a dance and I decided to ask her out, she said yes and for the whole next couple days her best friend and her called me and snapped me, her playing it cool and her best friend saying how much she was freaking out cause I asked her to the dance. The day before the dance rolls around and one of my friends tells me that another guy asked her to the dance as well and he’s like the school asshole, and she said yes to him as well. She never made a decision who she was going with. So we all show up to the dance and this other kid doesn’t ask her to dance the whole dance so one of the slow dances I asked her to dance and she said yes and we both enjoyed it. Like a couple days later I find out she’s dating the other kid but she keeps snapping me. I never lose feeling so after a little bit I tell her how I still like her. She then says how she thought I lost feeling after the whole other kid dating her. We then snap for a while and we send each other full face/ sometimes just in underwear pics like pretending we don’t know what we’re doing. I then ask her out again and she says yes but actually no because she says she might be moving and if she doesn’t move she will go out with me. Then her best friend ruins it by telling me she doesn’t like me so I stop snapping her. I then talk to her a little bit later and she says she did like me before the whole stop snapping thing. Then she strings me along and then at the end of it all, to put a nice cherry on top her fiends record her saying she only likes me as a friend. I then find out she like a high school junior (we are in eight grade). Now months later I get asked sometimes about if I like her anymore and I say I don’t but I do, I can’t stop thinking about her and I need to get it out. I know she will never like me back so I don’t know why I can’t let go. Thank you for letting me vent I will be surprised if anyone reads this all but I needed a way to release a tiny fraction of the pain I’m in.