everything pretty much started the day after my 11th birthday, when i came home to my mom crying and telling me her and my dad were getting a divorce, i didn't think life could go so much more downhill. i'm a female, a junior in high school and will turn 17 in 4 months. i don't even think i can correctly describe what i feel. i feel so numb, so broken and grey. i want to cry, yet i can't, it's the worst feeling ever. every year gets worse it seems. i've been in multiple emotionally and mentally abusive relationships since i was 13. i didn't know people so young could be so vile and cruel, so manipulative and scary. i've been sexually assaulted multiple times, which has broken any bit of confidence i had. i just got out of a relationship where i was being used like a sex object, and was sexually assualted. i feel like a ragdoll. i can't even find the will to play animal crossing, a game i was so excited for. i don't even want to get up anymore. i've been dealing with suicidal thoughts for a long time now. i've tried taking my anti depressants, but i just woke up the next morning. i hurt myself, but i could never tell my mother that. what would she think of me? i feel pathetic and worthless. an old friend of my committed suicide last year in march. i can't believe it's been over a year since then. i wish i could have done something. i feel so guilty. i think of her everyday. i miss her, and i wish i could see her again. i wish i could explain everything that i've been through for the past 5 years clearly, but it's just all becoming a blur. days don't exist anymore. i genuinely think i am incapable of feeling love anymore. i just want to hold someones hand and be told i'm loved, i don't care if it's real or fake. but at the same time i want to push everyone away. i feel so selfish. i hate myself, i feel so disgusting and pathetic. i want to cry whenever i look in the mirror. i'm just rambling at this point because i don't know what else to say. everything just hurts so much and i can't deal with it anymore. i don't know what it wrong with me. i know i'm severely depressed and suffer from anxiety as well but, there seems to be something else, i don't know what it is.