I come from a very well off family, but despite this, the people I live with are toxic. I fucking hate complaining about this shit because honestly it sounds like I'm ungrateful when I'm not. I'm so thankful my dad works sp hard to provide the best for me and my siblings and my mom. I'm lucky to have food, a bed, a car, a roof over my head, all of that. Another thing people don't realize is that I worked for this stuff too. I got a job as soon as I turned 15 and I've been working as much as I can for the past 5 years. My mom hates that about me. She's never worked a day in her life and has had everything handed to her by my dad and she's not even grateful and constantly talks to other men online daily. While my dad is aware, he doesn't seem to care tpp much but to me this is totally disrespectful. When I confronted my mom about it she just told me these men on the internet mean more to her than her own family. Ever since then she tries to put me down as much as she can, telling me I'll die if I ever leave. I'll never be able to make it on my own. Telling me how awful I am and how much she doesn't like me. Nobody in my family defends me. My dad apologizes when she's not around but if she is, he just stays quiet. When I try to explain this to people, nobody gets it. They just tell me I should be quiet and be grateful I have such an easy life. Even my own boyfriend doesn't try to understand. The only other person who understands is my older sister, who moved out, far away for these exact reasons. She says she'd try to help me out but wants to remain on my parents good side because they still give her money sometimes. The whole quarantine has me stuck here with people I can't stand and I'm so fucking lonely and depressed but whoever I express this to, they don't understand. Just roll their eyes at me. I'm so jealous seeing all my friends with their families cooking or playing games and doing things together. I would trade all my possessions to be a part of a group of people I could call family. Talking like this makes me hate myself. I want to get out but everyone I talk to says I'm better off here. I hate it.