I just really felt like I needed to vent about this. I'm 16, and with the coronavirus going around my dad won't let me out of the house at all (which is fair and I accept it). My boyfriend and his twin brother got kicked out of their house because their grandma got mad at them for something small (unimportant). Anyways, since they got kicked out they've been living with our friend (who is my closest friend and dating my boyfriend's twin brother). Sometimes I snuck out to see him, or he snuck out to see me. But recently my dad found out and now I can't sneak out of have my boyfriend come see me. The isolation makes me extremely sad. I'm not really good at being alone, it really hurts for some reason. I told this to my boyfriend but he didn't even seem the acknowledge it. We facetime daily but lately since I've been sad he seems like he doesn't want to talk to me. I asked him about it and he straight up said he doesn't like talking to me when I'm in an unhappy mood. That really hurt. He said it's because I'm better to talk to when I'm happy, which is understandable but I wish he would be here for me. Instead when I was crying he hung up to hang out with all our friends. And I understand he should go have fun since he's able to but it still hurts that he disregards my feelings. He said he doesn't know what to do to make me feel better. I told him all he has to do is talk to me normally, it's not that hard. He's tried this once before and it worked almost instantly. I felt better and we had a really nice conversation. But after that he hasn't done it again. I constantly overthink and worry that he thinks I'm annoying or doesn't want to deal with me. So usually I just let him be so I don't bother him. I just wish he cared. He said he cares but it doesn't seem like it since he doesn't want to talk to me. My emotions aren't even really stressful since they're so easy to clear up so it's not like it's going to take a huge emotional toll on him to deal with me. I just feel like a burden. I don't know what to do :(