So I was employed at this place for about 2 weeks or so. I went in today to ask for a change of availability as I help take care of my 2 year old nephew and needed to be off earlier. I told them I could not work passed 8 anymore. I was asked why I hadn't said anything sooner and said that I had, but it hadn't been an issue until this week. I was asked several days ago if I could work overnight and when I said no the person looked upset by my answer and this week I was scheduled to get off at 10pm twice and once at 11pm. When I had requested the change,today, I was told they would look into it and to go work in the meantime. I made it outside about 20 feet (courtesy clerk so bagger and cart puller) and was called upstairs. I went up and they showed me my original availability and asked me to explain. I did so. I was then told that the change would mean less hours. I was also told that they didn't have any available shifts earlier in the day. The guy (SM I think) said there was a paper I could sign agreeing to less than 18 hours a week then immediately backtracked and said it is only for college students. I was then asked why I needed the change and told them and was then met with stares like I was either lying or dumb. The lady (front end super I think) said "well, we have a business to run" and he agreed then said that the change would mean I am no longer employable by the company. He then asked if I couldn't keep my original times and I again said no. I was told that that meant I was unemployable and they were letting me go. THEN he asked me if I wanted to finish my shift or leave (I had been on the clock maybe 15 minutes at this point) and I told him I would just go home. I asked him when I could pick up my check and he said Thursday. I don't know what to do.. I am going to look for another job since that job was unnecessarily difficult (I didn't have a safety vest my first week and they lost the cart pulling equipment before I was even hired. I also got yelled at for not doing one thing after being specifically told to do another. What should/can I do? Do I have any options?