im so fucking tired of being alive. I feel so alone all the time. All I have is my cat and even she prefers being alone doing her own thing. I used to be so happy and I dont know what got in the way of that but recently i've just felt like shit. I work at burger king and i feel stupid because i barely know how to do half of the simple tasks they ask of me. Im worried im taking my hormones wrong and i have no way to contact my doctor at the moment. I have a 5 page essay due for my probation in about a week and I havent even started. I'm behind in school. My boyfriend talks and talks about how much he cares about me and loves me but i've been trying to vent to him for weeks now. He knows i'm not doing well and ive had no time to even talk to him about it in depth because every time i have him over he brings his friend with him (who likes going behind my back and talking shit), or he just got back from his friends house and he's high. or he just wants to fuck. I was supposed to talk to him about everything today. I was supposed to spend time with him and be able to get my mind off of things but of course while i was at work he was out getting high with his friend and the moment he got to my house he passed out on my bed and here i am on reddit trying not to break down trying to distract myself. I wish i never got him back into smoking weed. and what makes it even worse is that now im on probation and i cant even smoke myself, and it seems like now that i cant smoke nobody wants to just hang around me normally. im so fukcing tired of this everything is just exhausting and tiring and theres nothing i wanna do anymore. I hate being around people i hate my job i hate my house i hate drawing and music and walking nothing is enjoyable for me anymore i dont wanna be here. Ive been staying up just texting suicide hotlines to chat because im so scared that im gonna do something bad to myself. I dont wanna put my family through that and i dont wanna put my boyfriend through that but im so fucking exhausted that it feels like thats my only option if i wanna stop being miserable. I dont know whats wrong with me.