Way back at the start of grade 10 (two years ago) my old school I was bullied by a few people but it wasn't bad or serious. Just a few loner, loser jabs which isn't entirely wrong about me... I was a super loner, Anyways... I had a new English teacher who was nice at first and it took a turn for the worst after the first quarter ended. She belittled me from behind the scenes and tampered with my marks, before I usually gotten 65-70% in English but they took a nose dive to 5-10%. This messed with me for a little bit and I asked her about it. But I did see my peers work and it was similar to mine and she got 70%, I knew what was happening, (Small tangent). It happened to my sister she had a creepy teacher who had it for underage girls and wasn't discreet about it either. "Unfortunately" a year ago he died of a heart attack WHILE UNDERWATER. What are the fucking chances?! It was in the local news and ruled as natural causes... Karma I guess... Anyways I knew what was happening and I sought help or someone higher than her so I went to the two principles and they said that they'll talk to her. They didn't instead they doubled down and made my year hell. It started with tampering with my grades then it started affecting my other classes (the principles had total control of the website for gradings) every class I had that year was at 49.5%. This destroyed me for a bit where I, a 17 year old, 6ft athletic male cried alone in a empty class room... My math teacher saw this and comforted me which was embarrassing and add the fact I had bit of a crush on her that added more embarrassment, but helped me a bit though... She bumped my grades up to a 55% and kept on doing so until the end of the year. She'd do it at night too around 12pm and 1am! Which kind of made me emotional since no one ever took my side. Though she only had control of her class not other classes I was in so I had to go the extra mile to get a passing grade in those classes on my own. My mum knew but she couldn't just take me out of school, that was the ONLY school within my old town and the nearest city was a whole hour away so I was stranded there. A year goes by I passed the grade with 59% in each classes and my math was at 63% I could tell the English teacher and principles were angry so next school year rolls by and they were harsher. This was around the same time my math teacher was "transferred" to another school to teach... That's bullshit... Though I did find a girl I liked I actually felt loved and happy. It was later the school found out and it started affecting her and we couldn't really see each other often because of extra school work. And the English teacher who was a female ran her hand on my head, my neck and my bare lower back I felt really uncomfortable and I knew what was happening and couldn't I couldn't just shove her away she was a bit shorter than me and she was well liked by everyone in the class and even though we're in a small town people remembered I had a temper back in elementary school... I could've said stop but my mind was focused on "holy fuck, holy fuck, holy fuck this is actually happening!" I didn't my gf what happened because I was scared she would break up with me... That was the the push I needed to rival the school. I had audio recordings on my old phone of her saying she hates Prairie n*ggers, (Racist slang for Native Americans) not really offended but y'know proof. And the fact that the school covered Mr. Pedo's sick desires and alleged crimes. I drove for two hours to the school district HQ (Not sure what else to call it lol) and showed them the evidence... They were no help either... Since that was the only school and the district was short on teachers they told me to keep quiet... I couldn't just be quiet, I said to the principles to help me or do something I was angry so I pushed them and I was immediately escorted out of the school and told to sit by the RCMP cruiser. (The RCMP were there because I remember some kid brought a gun to school...) Then the officer came back and said I assaulted them. My jaw dropped and I was taken to the station and my mum was crying and she begged them to pardon me and she explained about the school. They believed her and I did get a pardon a few weeks later, I had to spend the night there though... So I have a bogus record now... Embarrassing... All for a tiny push... Fuckers... Word travels fast in a small town saying I was dangerous and so on (Boomers amirite?) And some started blaming my mum's parenting skills saying all Indians are the same. Racist bastards, my mum works a comfy job and gets paid very well, so I had to move because my mum was worried about me how people looked at me now. So I now live half ways across the province and I have a record now (pardoned) and I have a new life... But my gf broke up with me after the record thing... FUCK... So in the end I got left with suicide and a uncertain future ahead of me... I'm thinking of going to the army or mining even welding... I have court to dispute my record next month so wish me luck! I'll come back here if I succeeded in my dispute