Before all of this started i vowed i would stay away from relationships until i moved to a specific country, and then a 7 months later I met this girl in a discord server through my other friends. I decided to start talking to her because she was so sweet to everyone when she would talk in the chat, and that really got my attention after awhile. So i was head over heels for this girl. She was literally everything I was looking for, she was sweet, kind, caring, soft etc. She made her profile picture this girl covering her face with her phone in a mirror pic. Some people (including me) asked if it was her and she lied but she told me she didn’t think it would be that big of a deal. That was before I told her how i really felt. I confessed earlier than i probably should have but that doesn’t matter. She told me “You’re still young and cute, I’m pretty sure you’ll find someone better than me.” After this i planned on asking her out when i turned 18 this year (She was 20).  So after a month of talking to her, my friend asked me about her being a catfish and shit like that, and i reverse image searched her two pics she used. I found them on Pinterest and i asked her about it, she was busy so she couldn’t explain what happened at that moment. She had to wait until the next day and while I was waiting i consulted my small circle of friends about it and the two of them pinged her in the two other servers we used and news/gossip spread about her “catfishing” i didn’t tell them to do this and I wanted it to stay lowkey until we can figure things out. My crush came back and explained everything to me and i was so sorry. She talked about how she fucked up and she thinks she’s a bad person and i told her she’s a good person who made a bad mistake. She told her other friends that she was gonna be leaving discord and everything was going to shit. Fast forward to now and she’s been gone for a month and Im so fucking sad about it hurts me honestly. She was perfect for me, and I fucked it up by bringing it up with people i thought would assume not to start shit. But they did it because they were upset for me and they’ve already apologized to me about it. I can’t be mad at them they know they fucked up. I can’t go to bed without thinking about how much i miss her and I can’t move on.