I dated my ex for 2 years and the first 1 and a half year was amazing... Eventually due to alot of personal reasons I had to start focusing on my dreams earlier than expected and when I did I lost focus on us. Things only got worst from there both in walking towards my dream and with her. After, living under shitty circumstances I moved to another country and moved in with my parents. The thing is i know i took her for granted and I know it was my fault the realationship never worked out and never will but everyday is miserable without her. It hurts to think of her with another guy and honestly as time passes i see it happening more and more. She calls herself my bestfriend and tells me that Im still her number 1 priority... I know thats not true because if it was you'd talk to me different, you'd act different, we would feel different. When I confronted her about it and asked why she cant tell me the truth about the way she feels about us she said "The distance is affecting us, the time difference is affecting us & lifes stresses are taking a toll on us.". To be honest, if that was the case I wouldnt be the one initiating either and I would feel the same but im the only one mantaining contact and trying to build something out of nothing. Ive accepted the fact that she will never love me the same again but at the same time talking to her hurts like a bitch cuz its either all so distant and cold or nostalgic. The funny thing is if I don't mantain contact and if something were to happen even if its unrelated to me I know id blame myself for not being approachable or there. I'm guilty, I regret, it hurts and unlike her who has tons of friends and confidants to fall back on I have no one that im comfortable with. I had her, she was my confidant, she was my world. Even when i lost focus on us, I was only doing what I did to survive and get out of those shitty circumstaces we were in together. I know its my fault but how can i not hurt even if I don't have a right to be hurt or crib or cry?