So I’m not mega-pissed or anything but a bit irritated. I’ve posted about stuff like this before and nothing has changed since. It’s that I never go out. I mean i don’t even get invited, I get why and like I said I’m not mega pissed. It’s because I’m seen as the quieter more introverted person in the friend group so aside from once in a blue moon or a special occasion like New year I don’t get invited. I mean, from what I remember, I’ve been to the cinema early last year with them and then got drunk and then like 3-4 months before I went over again. Then months after I went over for a school project, then a big gap followed before I got invited out with them for Halloween and finally New Year’s Eve. So, I went out with them 5 times over a year when they hang out together every school night and almost every weekend. Sometimes it doesn’t get to me and I don’t care since I’m not always that sociable anyway but earlier, I sent a friend something and he replied with a video of him at someone else in our groups house, I’m guessing with others. I’m not mad or anything and I think it would be pathetic fo me to be mad at him over something as trivial as that but it’s a bit depressing and can make me feel lonely. I was reading about people talking about Snapchat on Reddit last night and what they said was so true and I could really relate to it. The fact that snapchat is awful if you don’t go out because you’re constantly seeing people you know go out with friends and have a good time.m, and I’ve definitely had a few times where I’ve felt shit because I’ve checked peoples stories at like 10 at night and i see my mates at one of their houses, drinking and having takeaways and laughing, whilst what am I doing? Oh, the same thing I’ve been doing for the past however many months. Spending my Friday night, sat in my room listening to music scrolling through Reddit or watching YouTube. It’s probably my fault anyway, I should probably take more action to put myself out there if I want to go out. I mean, I go up to school with two guys who are better friends with each other than they are with me and have a different friend group and when they talk about hanging with each other I feel bad. And I’ll be honest, my sister (who’s 23 and I’m 16) comes in most nights after being out drinking or partying with friends and goes on about it and I can’t lie, I can probably get a bit jealous sometimes, not in a hateful way but as in “I wish I went out and did all that”. This has honestly been a problem for me since I was like 13 since I’ve never really gone out. I remember one time, my dad and uncle telling me and my cousin about all these cool things they did as teens and I thought “holy shit, I’ve literally done nothing with my youth” and at one point I was at a restaurant with family and they all brought up stories about stuff they did when they were younger and actually got kind of upset when I thought to myself “I haven’t got any stories, I’m so boring”. Then the other week, I was talking to a good friend of my online when he told me that him and his friends climbed a crane which I honestly thought was really cool and told him but there was a part of me that was envious that he had made a memory like that of himself. I mean, I’ve even told my mum before “when I’m older, what stories can I tell my kids? Stuff like this one time on PS4...”