Well I'm not certain if it's the fact that it's nearly 2:30am or that we are over a month into this whole virus thing, but I've been thinking about what I, as a person, do wrong when interacting with either myself or others. I don't really know how to format any of this so it'll be a jumbled mess of thoughts since I'll just type what first comes to mind. First off as a little introduction I'm a 21 y/o male attending college in south Florida. I have a good family life and over all a very fortunate and well off individual in the terms of fiances and such like that. I've got a good group of friends I can count on if things get really rough, but idk this seems like a rant I don't really wanna bother anyone in particular with since it's just a way to reflect on what I need to start improving on. First thing I really noticed is that over the years I've been pretty manipulative. Its something I've done pretty regularly, but I have been actively working on it for some time. Nothing life changing or damaging to anyone, at least I hope, but some of the things would be using a bad day to make someone come spend time with me or talk to me for a bit stuff along those lines. I guess a lot of my insecurities come from interacting with people in general.  One of my biggest would be that no matter how hard I try with anything in life I'll only ever come up as 2nd best. I'm the younger of two brothers by 6 years and my older brother just seemed to always get everything so easy. I mean that in things like school, sports, etc. He just always seemed so perfect with the added saying my mom would use of "My good German boy" when praising him. Reason that got under my skin is because unlike my brother I was born in America and my mother is very proud of her German heritage so I always felt like she hated me because of the fact I wasn't born in her home country. Now I know this not to be true now I have a wonderful relationship with my mother and brother, but this was kind of the seed that sparked that all. Then over the years when I got close to people and started making close friends whenever I'd try and snatch that "best friend title" I just always fell short to someone else. I know kinda stupid, but its just something that's always bugged me from back then. The one other thing that leads me to this is my struggle with reading. I'm dyslexic and in 3rd grade I started falling behind on reading. It got to the point where my parents thought it was best to pull me out of my school (I was in some sort of gifted school prior I don't remember much about it) and transfer me to a different one for 4th and 5th grade. I was in intensive reading and it was just always so frustrating because at that time I was still always comparing myself to my brother. I've gotten much better with it nowadays and college classes are going fairly well despite the fact I struggle with reading from time to time still. I know my parents pulled me out because it's what would help me most in the long run, but once again my brain is stupid and I couldn't understand that as a kid. This is where it blends into the friendships I have now and how I treat some of my current friends. I don't generally have a bad over all opinion of myself, but I'll have many days where things get the best of me and I view myself as a burden. So if a friend kinda rags on me a little too much I wont see it as playful banter and I'll just take it to heart, leave, and not tell them what was wrong. They'll usually check up on me since it's pretty clear when I get upset, but I just can't find it in myself to reply or tell them the truth. I'll either not answer and come back a few days later like nothing happened or I'll give the classic "I'm fine" and leave it at that. It just sucks that I find it hard to open up when it comes to issues that involve said specific people. I don't know if it's because I don't want them to feel bad for upsetting me or more likely the case I just overreact to get attention from them. I've been thinking its more of the latter recently because it's been happening more often and I really need to work on that but I'm not certain how. Well aside from seeing a professional, but we can't really go out into the world and find a therapist with the pandemic. I kind of realized that action of itself can be viewed as another from of emotional manipulation. Great. Anyway moving on, one of my insecurities that I've been doing well with is my weight. I've always been on the large side but for the past 6 months or so I've brought down and maintained a good weight. I'm just getting frustrated now because I've plateaued and I'm having a hard time dropping anymore weight. I guess that too could be a reason for my lower then average mood because it gave me a lot of motivation and confidence seeing the steady drop because it's the first time in my life I actually like my physical appearance. Also another thing that I do is overreact. This is probably one of the biggest offenders because it has led me to lose a good number of people in my life. I had a habit of just saying "people leave me" yadda yadda woways me because I never wanted to place blame on myself. There was a time where I could do no wrong in a friendship because I was such a helpless person. What a load of crap. My running away and threading tactic when things didn't go away just stopped working on close friends because they could see through my bullshit and got tired of it. I don't blame them it only took up until around 3 years ago for a close friend of mine at the time called me out on it before cutting me out. I wish I could properly thank them because it finally made me stop playing the victim when people saw my toxic tendencies and leave. I still have a hard time not overreacting to situations and blowing up something small into a petty fest of "prove you're my friend." I shouldn't have to make people I care about and that I know genuinely care for me prove it. They already do by actively hanging out with me and being there when needed. I don't know why I need constant validation from others in terms of being liked. I have an idea, but I don't want to just give myself an excuse for being like this and just playing the victim all over again. It mostly comes from being bullied through all of elementary school up until 8th grade middle school. It was for various reasons like my weight, over all cringiness, and my overreactions and tantrums that made me a fun and easy target for most. Luckily I started making friends in 8th grade and since then most of the bullying stopped. Once again I don't wanna make myself any excuse for manipulating my friends into proving they like me to give myself some validation. I don't know I just have an underlying fear that everyone is just putting on a happy face around me to just randomly leave one day and secretly hate me. It's really just a mindset I need to get out of and it doesn't justify my behavior it's just hard to take the first step. I have a little system in place to try and help me improve. I'm someone who needs to be able to physically track progress made on things in order to get better with them. I can't tangibly rate my interactions with friends so I figured if I improved my reading, something I've struggled with as a kid and still view as next to impossible to do for enjoyment, that it will unlock some sort of trigger in my way of thinking to be like "Hey, you were able to do something you thought impossible so changing these things about yourself should be easy." Idk maybe it's dumb but I know I can track my reading skill so if I stay on that maybe the rest will fall in place. Sorry for the vent I think this was suposto be about how I fall short on certain things but it turned out to be a full on word vomit of frustration lol. Thank you for letting me vent and put my thoughts into words I feel a bit better and remotivated to tackle these things.