I thought life was ok, I’ve been telling myself that for years, grades are fine, friends make you happy, and nothing is horribly wrong. But I’m kinda done with everything to a certain extent I seem to be people‘a pick me up or go to person and I’m done with that. I’m tired of being toyed with as if I’m some toy that can be broken without consequence. I’m tired of trying so hard to make other happy only to have those same people I’m trying for nit-pick every little small thing that I do which displeases them. My dad is so dam controlling of me, thinks I’m naive and shiz, I’m really not, he thinks I’m gonna be a nun or smth, well guess what I stopped believing in a god long ago. My mom...ik she’s gone through a lot, I’ve tried to be the best I can for her, yes I’ve screwed up but what person doesn’t, yet I seem to be crucified for all my mistakes, my older sister seems to be nice to me the most but she takes every opportunity she has to humiliate me and make fun of me, yet she comes to me when she needs help with her academics she comes being extra nice to me, because she needs something, who helped her pass college math after she failed it twice? Me. Who helps correct all her essays and helps her write them because her grammar is shitty, because guess what, she would always get marked down and would barely have good scores on her essays until I started helping her with them. And what am I getting? Shitty treatment? Manipulation? Humiliation? I’m so sick of it. My little sister is just a rude abusive bratty 8 year old tbh. I’m forced to help her with her homework only for her to make fun of my appearance, makes fun of the things I like, hits me and disrespects me, and yet when I smack her back I’m so immature and dramatic? Yet when I was her age, disrespecting anyone got me hot with the chancla or whipped with a rag? Like no, this is bs. I could be minding my own business not doing anything to bother them but it seems that they always find a way to criticize or taunt me. These things wouldn’t bother me individually because I have a strong mentality but after years of all this shiz I’m so fed up. My friends usually make me happy but my happiness has turned into annoyance and at the same time I feel as if I’m the only one trying to text them to check on them while they just don’t care or barely answer. Idk if someone will even read this or care whatsoever, but if you do thank you because I just need to get this out, I’m just so fed up.