My friend, let’s call him Drew, likes this girl named Jess. He’s liked her for a while and in October he finally admitted that he liked her. She said she didn’t feel the same way but she was willing to remain his friend. I've been his close friend for a while and he is a pretty good guy. However, he has lots of confidence issues and anxiety issues. It is clear that he needs to seek professional help. He always says things like "I'll never be happy without a relationship." and "She rejected me because of my looks" (even though he is attractive, and she is actually not attractive at all). I understand that he's hurt over her rejection, but it has been months. He talks to me about it every single day. He thinks that she likes her TWIN SISTER'S BOYFRIEND! He'll say that every single snap she sends or pictures she posts is about him and for him. He doesn't believe me when I tell him he's being unreasonable. Also, he sends her weird things like calling her his soulmate. She's being patient by not straight up dumping him. Not only that, he'll text her every other week talking about how he needs a break from "us" when they are not even dating. Then he'll get upset if she doesn't message him the next day. Every morning I wake up to 10+ messages from him telling me about how she slept at a certain time last night and then her sister's boyfriend slept at the same time. He'll be like she posted this quote to indirect me so now I have to post one back. It's quite insane and I haven't even included all of the details. He's really draining to talk to sometimes because I've been repeating myself for months. I can not take it anymore. I’ve never seen someone so hung up on another person. There was never anything between them. shes not special, she never lead him on, nothing. He’ll call her a bitch and then five minutes later he’ll say hes in love with her. like why do i have to sit there and advise him with the same shit every single day. hes stubborn and wont listen and im tired of it. ive suggested he seek therapy for his confidence issues and again he wont listen. i’m not a free therapist and im not gonna tell you what you want hear.