I’m a 17 year old guy. I’ve always been kinda shy and tbh I’m not really attractive. I’ve never had a girlfriend but tried and got rejected multiple times. But than this one girl came along. I’ve known her for about 2 years and we’re really good friends, only because she was in most of my classes when I moved to the school in the next town over and we both had the same common interests. She recently broke up with her boyfriend and started texting me more. I definitely caught feelings for her because she was the first girl that was starting convos with me and seemed interested. She asked to hang out. We did...and I got friendzoned. My theory is she was interested then hung out with me and decided I wasn’t good enough, maybe it was my looks, maybe it was me being kinda shy, could’ve been a million other things. All I know is I think something about me wasn’t good enough and that’s been weighing me down ever since. When I talked to my guy friends they asked me why I didn’t just f*ck her and get it over with. She is pretty but I saw more than that in her. Every time I did have s*x it was just a one time thing at parties or whatever but she was different. I actually cared about her. Since I’m shy I have a very small friend group and I find myself being lonely all the time. It would’ve been nice to have an extra person to talk to and to have a girl to call my own during this rough time(this happened when the virus just started picking up). To be honest a relationship probably isn’t worth it because I’m leaving with the Marines in summer but I still liked her. With this quarantine weighing me down not being able to hang with my few friends, and the fact that I thought I found the one but didn’t, I just feel empty. I started emotionally distancing myself from my friends and haven’t talked to them in a bit cuz I’m just sad. I haven’t shaved in weeks and have been playing more xbox than working out. I stumbled across a song called Silence by Marshmello and Khalid and realized I related to it and that just fueled the fire. I’m writing this cuz I just need to vent, if you made it this far thanks for reading