It all started roughly 10 years ago when I moved to London with my parents. Learning english and getting used to new people, new environment was hard for me. Games helped me mostly with my english skills and led me to new and interesting people. During my time there I experienced a lot of things. Main thing is bullying. I was bullied for 4 years intensively. First it stemmed from words, later on moved to physical all because I was "from another country." It has left me physically scarred with stab wounds on my thigh and mostly mentally. I've come to know a good person. He helped me to become a much kinder and open person. During the end of my time there I had to move back to my country due to my parents divorce. Me being 10 at the time and with my great abilities in english had to mediate between them for the entirety of the process, as well as calming my younger brother from the shouting, verbal assaults and physical abuse between my parents. I essentially lost my childhood there since I had to grow up fast and take care of him. After more mental scarring of verbal abuse directed from my mother to me due to the fact that I wanted to stay with my father and brother and move back to my grandma I was labeled as a traitor, daddies boy and a human piece of trash. It left me feeling remorseful and I started to blame myself that If I was a better son it would have maybe ended differently. We moved back after some time where I started going to my old school. Many of my peers labeled me as boring since I was always quiet and didn't want to talk about my problems. I lost all my friends and started running away from school. That was when I was sent to the psychiatrist for the first time. I could tell she didn't care as when I was talking to her about my problems I always ended up crying and she always played on her phone. In the end I got bullied again and again until I finished school. The time came for me to pick a secondary school I wanted to attend. There I experienced my first "naive" love and for the duration of 4 years I was bullied again. Lots of verbal abuse daily escalating into physical where I ended up with a few fractures, broken bones and more scars. In my second year I started talking to this girl which we were both admins of a FB group and we started a little relationship. It was long distance so I kind of knew that It wouldn't last long but I didn't lose hope that it might turn out good. After 3 years she dumped me saying: "I dont feel like it anymore." I was left speechless, hopeless, disappointed and sad. It left me depressed. I stopped going out with my friends, stopped eating properly, stopped sleeping properly. I snapped out of it after a while but as I got over, the relationships in my family started to weaken and I was in the middle of it. Constant fights, abuse. I ended up visiting another psychiatrist to try to alleviate my problems and they diagnosed me with depression. I was miserable. Nearly overdosing on antidepressants, self-harm, multiple suicide attempts. I didn't want to live anymore. Kept asking myself questions would it be better If I wasn't in the way of everyone? Am I a burden? I am so sorry for everything. My life turned into a cycle of constant mood swings and empty feeling.  I got over it bit by bit over the years but I'm still sometimes feeling the depression. Having nearly no one to vent to is hard when you have stuff on your chest. Sometimes I feel guilty of oversharing, what If I'm a bother? Do they even care? Recently I got fired from my job and I'm scared of the future. I'm scared of growing old alone and I'm scared of not experiencing love again, I'm not the most interesting, attractive person, so I don't have much luck. In the end I'm still scared, hoping that it will get better but it always turns worse no matter how hard I try.