I honestly don't know if I should stay where I am right now. I'm in a town of about a thousand people in the southeast region of the USA. Honestly I'd like to say that I hate every single one of them, but there are people who have taken to time to be really nice to me- even if they're just faking. There's no possible way they could actually enjoy my company. It's not as if I could leave on my own yet anyway given my age. Half the people I meet accuse me of being mentally ill because I'm not interested in the same things they are. Perhaps that's just the internet ruining me. There is no way to be myself I can think of. If I ever came out then I'd just be ostracized further. The only times people ever bother to talk to me are just before tests because my ability to complete them accurately apparently makes me "smart". It doesn't make me smart; it just means that I think in the same closed minded way that the people who decided the curriculum should consist of this material think. I'm constantly vacillating between self loathing and some kind of twisted, undeserved feeling of superiority. Maybe something is wrong with me. Why in the environment I've grown up in would I not turn out the same as everyone else in this area has? The only people I seem to legitimately enjoy the company of (that I know in real life) are my music and history teachers. I'm convinced that my history teacher is only nice to me out of a sense of pity and because of my interest in the subject. My music teacher however, grew up in boston. Maybe if I could just get to a bigger city I could fine people that don't make me hate myself. Ilove my history teacher, everyone else says he's boring, but I love the way he tells our past follies like a story. That's all history is really: a collection of stories I mean. That's a very unoriginal thought, I know, but I keep coming back to it. If all we are when we're gone is a collection of stories then what's the point? While we are here isn't the least we can do to read and learn about these stories? Even if it were a bit dull in the end I suppose I'd like someone to read about me, maybe they'd laugh at the absurdity of it all, "Look at this one! He was so convinced he'd end up happy; hoooooo-boy was he wrong." Currently I'm entertaining 2 options for the future. I really want to teach history myself. If I could get just one person to get the same joy out of it that I have then all of this would be worth it, but I doubt I could ever do it. I'm not personable or inspiring enough. Anyone taught me would be done a tremendous disservice. The other option is suicide. Obvious melodrama aside it objectively seems to be the best option provided I could make is seem like an accident. No one including my family would really care that I had died. My family would only grieve for the loss of reputation were I to die via suicide or something stupid. It seems we've gotten extremely off topic though. The focus of this post is that I desperately want to get away from this tiny town and that there is nothing I can do about it; atleast for another two years.