I live for sense perception: to smell cinnamon, deodorant of people I like, familiar rooms, open windows throughout the seasons. To feel, for pleasure, for comfort, for carpet burn, and warmth. To taste an evening snack, to drink a morning  tea. I listen to music religiously like an addict, and I live for the voices of those I love. I am awestruck from looking at an inconceivably wide sky, honoured by seeing the stars, and seduced by a magical atmosphere. I know this is good, from the perspective of a living human. And every human deserves this. Not every human can explore sense perception as I can, and this is both injustice and proof that I am lucky to have a relatively pleasant voice in the path of my existence. These moments are so fleeting but they reoccur, and I can even train myself to embrace all surroundings. This is life, and it should be mesmerizing. And it was. And then something went wrong. Maybe I’m too resentful of humanity for empathy, maybe my numbness is born of my own wallowing. Maybe I’m a psychopath and my brain is so broken I just cant care. Maybe it’s just because I was raised in a society of wannabe rebels who forcibly diminish the good around us. Whatever the case may be I just fail to care. Even writing this, I’m not mourning the motivation I once felt for life and joy, I’m simply outlining my apathy because it’s slowly gnawing at me that I always wear a mask. Do I love art? No. Do I love video games? No. Do I love my family? No! Do I love anyone? I just want them to want me. Why? Because I’m absolutely fucking bored. Not a shred of anything brings me anything other than void anymore, except alcohol and being desired. What kind of fucked up motivation is that?  That’s not the foundation for sustainable happiness! That’s a recipe for a 30 year early midlife crisis. Maybe it’s because subliminally my emotionally fucked up parents and enabling society told me that value comes from appearance and I’ve been slapped in the face with enough personal evidence that despite everything else I can’t help but believe it. It disgusts me and I hate myself for not being able to live peacefully in time and space, despite recognizing it’s arbitrary and detrimental hold on my life. I have to play a game constantly. A game where I am a character, and the pressure is always on.