my boyfriend started getting moody for no reason (that happens a lot) and me and my best friend (whos a guy) were trying to make him feel better but nothing was working. when we were otw back to the hotel after a fun day i tried to hold his hand and he rejected me. my friend started walking faster to give us space and i kept walking with my head down. i turned around to see my bf crying and shaking saying “wtf is happening wtf wtf” and i went to comfort him but he rejected me so i hugged him and didnt let go and after a minute he saw that my friend was crying and he pushed me away because he felt horrible and said “fuck now hes crying” and was being aggressive and ran off to the lobby of the hotel and i sat down and cried. after a few minutes i went over to my friend and comforted him and let him cry on my shoulder but after a while i started bursting out into tears and hyperventilating and it turned into an anxiety attack (i dont have anxiety so it was scary). the reason i was so scared though was because i had a different boyfriend last year who was manipulative and abusive and i was scared it was going to happen again. after i calmed down me and my friend had to go look for my bf. we found him outside on a bench and i sat in the middle of my boyfriend and best friend. they did most of the talking and i zoned out and stared in the same direction for most of the time, not feeling anything at all, with tears running down my face every once in a while. i explained that to one of my other friends afterwards and she described it as me being in “shock” so my body just shut down. anyways we sat on that bench for about an hour while my friend and boyfriend went back and forth. my friend left because he had to take his medicine so it was just me and my bf alone on a park bench in the rain at 11 pm. he was trying to tell me what was wrong but i was still silent. i was so scared he was turning into someone like my ex so i couldnt say anything. i ended up calming him down by letting him talk and cuddling with him and we went back up to the hotel room. ever since then we pretend it didnt happen. but i cant get it out of the back of my mind. im sorry that was a lot