I was sitting around lonely so I figured I’ll go get a coffee(because who needs sleep am I right?) keep in mind it’s 4am when this happened. I got my coffee was heading to turn right onto the i10 and I saw this guy racing up beside me in the lane to my left. I didn’t want him to cut me off so I gave her a bit gas. So what does he do? He just comes straight into me so I swerve around him on the shoulder. It was like a half shoulder not very wide. So he drafts off me and so I turn onto the freeway. I follow the 4 cars ahead of me passing a semi before we merged. This guy was being an ass trying to cut me off so I figured I’ll get him stuck behind the semi. Nope! He squeezes through on the shoulder again and drafts off me clear up til we can almost merge onto the highway. I move over early because there’s a semi in the left lane and I know this dude is going to get right beside me if I don’t. This guy gets behind the semi in the left lane but the semi want back over so I sped up again to let him over and I moved left to pass the traffic in front of me. This guy gets back on my ass and drafts some more. Finally passed the few cars on the right and I’ve had it with this guy. We were already doing 90+ in a 75 and he’s drafting. I knew he go for the pass on the right so I down shifted into 4th and didn’t let him around me. We caught up to two more semi trucks and he’s still drafting me. We get up to the three lane portion of the i10 and I go to the far right lane. At this point doing about 100-110ish. Btw still getting tail gated. I guess he doesn’t like drafting above 100. So I know the exit coming up. And I decide to shoot left two lanes around a semi in the middle. Now far left lane. I decide I need to get off. I’m not sure exactly how to describe this but basically I slowed down from 120 to duck behind another semi and then speed up and sweep right 2 lanes into the exit lane gassing it in front of a minivan and take the exit. I’m now flying down the off ramp at 120. Great. I slam on the breaks obviously but I also turn off my headlights so my tail lights are off too so he can’t see me. I’m sitting at the stop sign at the end of the off ramp waiting for a car to turn on to I can make a u turn and head back home. This is the best part. It’s a high patrol car hopping on the same way I was just getting off of. I’m on the edge of my seat praying I don’t get pulled over for driving with no headlights. He gets on and race’s up the on ramp. Then I hear a siren and see his lights turn on. Now I can’t confirm for sure that he pulled over this professional nascar drafting retard. But odds are most likely yes. So I keep my revs low so my exhaust is some what quiet. I’m now heading home frustrated but also with a slight smile on my face that this asshole got pulled over. This was an interesting trip for a coffee lol. I just needed to get this off my chest