 After 4-5 years of being pretty much trapped in my own thoughts and nothing else it really does destroy you. Sometimes you can deal with it and then the next minute you're sad as shit with no hope. It's just all I'd need is a hug or something, ya know? Social Anxiety has well and truly destroyed me as a person and has taken my life. Any enjoyment I used to have has been taken from me and It's just so sad because I know there's so much to enjoy in life but, I can't go and get it because of my mental issue. You try and get help but all they do is diagnose you and drug you. I'm tired of living like this, I'm tired of living in a cell, locked by my own thoughts and feelings. It's made me a terrible person and such a mean and dark soul but, behind that I'm such a soft guy but, after not having love and just someone to lean back onto the feeling of love becomes completely alien to you. I don't even know what it's like to be truly loved, that feeling of LOVE is something I've never been able to experience because, I have been trapped in my house for the past 4-5 years and I'm only 16. I'm not even able to enjoy doing things that normal teenagers do and I've forced myself to grow up and it makes you wanna just end it. I love everyone deep down but, my issues just make me seem like I wanna be an aggressive little asshole. People who are upset and vent out at people calling them the worst things and trying to make them sad is pure projection and it's a way of earning attention. When you're so lonely for so long and you become deprived of just a hug or a hello it turns you into a sour person and you'll do anything to get a bit of attention. Sometimes you do wanna just fly above the sky and break free you know what I mean? Sometimes life is a bitch but, there's life being a bitch and then there's life being a stone cold bitch for years on end. I wouldn't wish this feeling on my worst enemy. It's hard to even sleep at times because you know that when you wake up it's just the same cycle. You wake up, do nothing for most of the day and then sleep. But, I don't want that, I wanna escape, go to a mountain and just scream because I've piled everything on top of each other for AGES and after a while you can only hold so much before it bursts out. I know that people become lonely after a break-up but, I can't relate at all as I said before I've never even felt love, I've definitely liked a girl but never got anywhere with it. I don't even know why I got this fucked up disorder it seems like something just switched inside me and I was destined to be lonely for life, I honestly might as well be locked up on death row. Sorry for the long post, but I could write forever. Thank you if you read the entire thing I wish you the best in life. Good Luck.