I believe the date was January 19th. It was the first I saw of what had begun in China. At this point the CCP was claiming human to human transmission wasn't taking place. Then the news and unconfirmed reports started leaking out. I'll never forget the picture of dump trucks dropping huge piles of debris on highway on ramps. Everyone was saying "It's fake! Fucking chill". The few people I shared it with laughed and told me to calm down. "They say everything's under control. Don't waste your time worrying about something that you're not gonna have to deal with." Haunting words that I still remember the details of the setting of the room I was in and the fear that I felt. Then came the news that should have been a reality check for the world; china had effectively quarantined not only a city of 11 million people, but the entire surrounding region (I forget the exact number, but know it was 10s of millions of people) and CANCELLED the Chinese new year. Cancelled the Chinese fucking new year. Do people in this country understand what that means? I didn't at the time, but a little bit of reading explained it's effectively Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Years rolled into one with a little sprinkle of the 4th of July for good measure. It's the only time of the year some of these people get off from work. The only time of the year they see their family. That should have been (one of) the moment(s) we acted, but we didn't. Then we started seeing the deaths. Started hearing how quick it spread. The fears of asymptomatic transmission. THE WARNINGS FROM CHINESE DOCTORS RISKING THEIR LIVES BY SIMPLY TELLING THE TRUTH TRYING TO WARN THE ENTIRE FUCKING WORLD. All of it fell on def ears. I remember watching it spread. One case here, one case there. In the back of my mind knowing the writing was already on the wall. I tried talking about it with co workers. I was made to feel like a moron for even bringing it up "dude even if its real you're gonna worry instead of living your life?" "From what I hear the common cold kills more people annually." Not even the flu, this person literally said common cold. After I told them some less than fun details their response was "are you sure? Well I don't know I haven't really read about it." I heard fragmented pieces of information hear and there. People compared it to Ebola and swine flu. "This happens every couple years bro." Still saw servers at my work eating off of plates from customers even after we had confirmed cases in my state. No one took it seriously still. Then Kirkland went down. Started seeing the people start to pay attention. Thing is when they started paying attention they didn't get proactive. They started getting mad. People realized this might affect their day to day. They couldn't face the truth yet. It wasn't until about a week ago people around me started to panic. A month and a half. A month and a half we wasted because Americans couldn't admit it would happen here. They thought and hoped and prayed that something this big could never happen here. And here we are. I don't write this to come off as some holier than thou intellect or to gloat that I was right. I'm putting this here so that maybe, just fucking maybe next time we all listen. We all THINK about it. Don't belittle those around you who are voicing concern about things that are scary. Lose the America is untouchable attitude. We all need to do better. I wish anyone that took the time to read this and everyone else in the world good health and good luck. Be good to each other and yourself