It's not that I don't feel I wish I didn't honestly I just don't know how to react to anything. I don't really even understand how I feel most of the time. I've spent quite some time recently pretending I'm happy or suppressing my emotions entirely. I don't know how to recognize when I'm upset about something I just find myself exploding randomly in my own privacy. Either crying, hurting myself, or not eating all day and burning up all my energy exercising in an unhealthy way. I don't know how to do healthy things most of the time it feels unnatural but I don't know why either. Is it because it goes against the lies I feed myself to keep sane? I don't know how to open up to people. I don't have anyone I can talk to and I don't feel like I make sense to anyone. My mom says I was diagnosed with Asperger's but honestly I think she might have made it up. She only told me years after I had seen a psychologist because the school had made me on multiple occasions because they thought I was a suicide risk. I doubt this because my mom says a lot of things for attention I feel like and there is zero documentation. I want to see a psychologist again or something but idk if I could open up even to a professional. I just sit and go through my life pretending everything is fine up until 15 different things smack me in the face at once and I can't even decipher one of them let alone deal with any of it so I just panic or freak out and try to hide from people so they don't know about how weak I am. I often wish I was just dead but I left my self harm in the past. I just don't know how to deal with anything. I think I'm still hurting myself just in a much more quiet way. My dad on the other hand believes I am a normal person or at least I should act like one. I try so hard to be normal but what does that really mean? I try to fit in with society and I just feel broken. I have no idea who I am supposed to be or what I should do in life everything I do seems to be just following the flow to the future. I can barely even take care of myself I swear I look like an anorexic or a drug addict but I just can't find the appetite to eat enough to gain any weight. People are just dizzying to me. How am I supposed to get help if I don't have the slightest clue what is even wrong with me? How do people even fight their anxiety/depression? Is it supposed to just keep kicking your butt no matter how well you do for however long in between? How do I get myself to relax when I feel like I can't breathe? How do I stop myself from hitting stuff and hurting myself when I can't stop shaking? I look for soft targets like boxes something to break but last night I bruised my wrist and cut my hands just punching a box apart. Why does it seem like good days are triggers for me? Every time I have a truly good day I somehow forget and a deep darkness clouds my mind within days. Seems like the only way I can be happy is to pretend I don't feel anything. My mind is so chaotic it just hurts to look inside. I don't even know where to look it seems like nothing can help me.