for starters, no. i am not jealous. i absolutely adore my friend with all my heart, hes an absolute angel. him and i met back in eighth grade, and we quickly grew close as time went by. we told each other everything. we knew eachothers secrets, and we talked about anything. i was even the very first person that he officially came out to as gay. i was so proud of him, and i still am to this very day. we are now both about to be seniors in high school, and we've both met new people throughout the years. we havent drawn apart, but i can tell that hes starting to get some bad ideas in his head. a lot of his new friends vape and stuff, which initially didnt bother me since it didnt seem like he was participating in those things. but last year, he confessed that one of his "best friends" let him use her vape pen at a party. i was absolutely horrified. i know that i cant control another human being, but these new, so called "friends" seemed like really bad influences. he also admitted that although he didnt get high, but a lot of his other "friends" did. what kind of friends provide drugs to someone completely innocent?? not to mention, he also has a heart defect. and they KNEW about it. i was fully convinced that they weren't actually his friends. friends dont put each other in danger like that. anyways, we talked about it and he told me that it was a one-time thing, and he wasnt going to vape again. fast foward to 2019-2020 school year, and his "best friend", was in one of my classes. everyday, she would walk in and look higher than a kite. like, absolutely stoned. she would walk slowly and giggle at everything. half the time she would get up, ask to go to the bathroom, then come back an hour later. i assume she disappeared to vape/do drugs or something. so later on, my friend told me that she LITERALLY DID ACID. SHE IS FUCKING 16 YEARS OLD. at that point i was furious that he was even still hanging around someone like that.  but even though i didnt like her, i didnt say anything about it. this morning i woke up and checked snapchat and what i saw completely baffled me. on his story, he had numerous pictures of them hanging out, and captioned each one with things like "you are my human" and "youre the best thing that ever happened to me, happy birthday to my one and only". for my birthday, i didnt even get mentioned in his story. so this druggy is apparently more loved than the person who he first came out to, and has been there by his side for a hell of a lot longer than she has. i have been there for him for every breakdown, mistake, and just about anything you could think of. and i still accept him for who he is. i have literally been there for him despite our ups and downs, i treat him like a king. and yet its still not good enough for him. im just so pissed off and i feel like im being replaced by someone who is a terrible influence on him. i dont know what to do, and i feel like hes lying when he says he doesnt do drugs. im genuinely worried about his well being. i love him and it would absolutely kill me if i were to let anyone destroy his life. i may just be overdramatic, but he and i are really close. i want to help him but i dont want him to get mad at me for not liking his best friend... any advice???