I see this sort of thing all the time, where there's a disagreement between two people about *anything* at all and to try and convince the other person they're right, one person will try to scream or shout or rant it into them, like the anger will somehow change the other person's mind, and that makes me really sad because them *everyone* suffers because of it, no matter who was actually 'right' at the end of the day. Even if the angry person was right, by being so aggressive they make the other person less likely to *want* to agree; the person who was angry actively hurts their own cause because now their cause in the other person's mind has become attached to all the negative feelings that come with someone being aggressive towards you. It's even worse if it's more than just a personal issue and it's something with really big significance. Take the environment, politics, whatever and no matter who you sample almost everyone has had some kind of bad experience with whatever group disagreed with them, and likewise an incredible chunk of people are actively aggressive and insulting to people who disagree with them. Again, even if they're *right* they actively hurt their own cause; they tear down the image of whatever group they're a part of and only make tensions worse without actually convincing anyone or even encouraging thoughtful ideas. So many people are so sure that they're right that they're wrong at the top of their lungs to prove it, and it only makes everything involved turn out worse because of it. I just don't understand that *point* of the anger in the first place! It isn't *productive* and it doesn't help in any way, but so many desperately cling to it. I'm no exception here either; sometimes I find myself getting angry at people just because they thought differently than I did, and because I acted unkindly towards them I actively made them less likely to see it my way and I actively sabotaged my chance to see it their way. I don't understand how so many people have fallen for this same trap, and it's extremely crushing to see such overwhelming negativity from so many people so often. Wouldn't things be so much better if we tried to convince one another by being kind to them? Wouldn't we stand a better chance of learning something from others and teaching others along the way if we all just treated each other like we were all humans with equally valid ideas, just with different information and experience to color them? Wouldn't it be so much easier to help show someone where they're wrong if we had empathy and recognized our own imperfections? I wish people, myself included, weren't quite so angry all the time, and were more compassionate towards one another. If only we could remember out own shortcoming when we judge everyone else. This whole giant ball of a situation makes me so sad, because everyone loses every time. I can't help but think of all the people who have been hurt, or all the good and right causes or ideas that have been ruined by the people who supported them using their voices to alienate people instead of unify them. Maybe I'm just naive, but it seems like the world would be so much better and kinder if people started trying to help one another understand more and hated others for their seeming lack of understanding less, and it's soul crushing to see the world we're in now but comparison.