I feel like I can never do anything right. I tell people all my personal woes from basically the get go, I go into too much detail about things, I can't seem to think about things before I open my stupid mouth, I over think everything, I make huge, embarrasing mistakes all the time that are socially unacceptable. And I know this. I was isolated a lot as a child and I've had more contact with therapists than I have with anyone else. I don't know how to socialize with people. I don't know how to read people. I don't know how to do ANYTHING. I was abused and assaulted and now I have PTSD, anxiety, depression, panic disorder, etc and I get so panicky around others, specifically men. I get panicķy easily then feel I need to explain why I'm panicky. I feel like I'm the butt of everyone's joke and like everyone hates me and is only around me because they pity me. One of my old friends told me she was only friends with me because she felt sorry for me. After my dad found out I attempted suicide he said that he wished it worked. And I have horrible, unredeming habits. I'm a liar, I started lying as a kid to try and make friends since I was told I was boring and no one would ever like me. I don't want to be known as a liar and I wanna stop but each time I try to I just CAN'T and I don't get it. I only have 1 friend and we talk periodically. I'd love to have more friends but I don't want to drag them into all this or have them pity me or be hurt again. I don't want to fuck someone up. I don't know what to do with myself. I used to work but I'd always have panic attacks and mental break downs so now I'm a stay at home wife and take care of everything from cleaning to finances to groceries to training the dog to cooking so my husband can relax. He loves it and I do too but I feel like he resents it in a way because he's the only way making a wage. Which I would understand but he said he doesn't and I'm overthinking. I'm a Christian and want to hangout/make Christian friends but I'm not good enough to. I got shunned at my old church after we had a night where we talk about how we strayed from God and I talked about how I used to be a Wiccan and then an atheist and I did drugs when I was younger and slept around. They ignored me and talked behind my back and laughed at me after that until I left and joined this great church with amazing, friendly people who are sooo welcoming. But I worry the same thing will happen if I try and make a friend. Not just a Christian friend but any friend. They'll look down on me and know I'm a freak and a fuck up. I know I am. I just want to crawl in a hole and never come out. The only reason I haven't tried to kill myself again is because I have an overwhelming fear of dying, otherwise I probably would. I've been to therapist after therapist but I can't be fixed. I'm fucking stupid