All of my friends ghosted me. I’ve tried making new ones. It all failed. I was starting to have something romantic with someone. I lost that too. I’m trying so hard to not be this lonely, I keep trying to make friends and each time it always ends up with me being called names, being told I’m uninteresting, being told I’m not good enough, being told I’m a burden. I try so hard and I was actually starting to make it out of my little bubble and make friends, then corona happened and now I don’t have those people anymore. I was longing for some kind of relationship and can’t even have that now. I know I’m being over dramatic but I have absolutely no one to go to at this point. If I go to my family with any emotions I have I get told to “man up” because I’ll “get over it” (so pretty much my family supports the whole toxic masculinity thing and restricts me as a person). I haven’t felt as low as I do right now in a long time. This all started happening because of the shelter in place order. And my mom went out for the weekend and stayed down in town overnight for THREE DAYS but when I ask to hang out with friend who is secluded in the mountains for just one day she gets mad. What really sucks is that I can’t tell anyone anything about my problems because every single person tries to avoid it because I’m the guy who’s always seeming so happy and being helpful. I’ve just been so sad I feel a physical pain sort of sensation that makes it really hard to do things. I have no way to express my sadness. I have no way to get out my anger. I don’t have anyone to go to. I had at least 25 or more friends and suddenly it was all ripped away and now I only have just the one (and just barely). I’m so anxious and sad and angry and full of these emotions and I can’t do anything about it. I always have this “facade” on that makes me seem to be the most optimistic and happy person alive, what sucks is that I’m really good at faking a happy person. I do it so much now that everyone is genuinely convinced I am that way, so no one believes me when I say I’m something other than happy. I just need someone and I can’t have them. I haven’t been hugged in months. I haven’t been told I’m loved in months. I haven’t been told anyone is proud of me in months. I do so much to try and get these things from people and all I get I denied the hug, ignored when I want to be loved, i just get told “oh nice” when I make something I’m proud of. The one person I was about to have something romantic with just bought it back to “friends” and I can’t tell them how I feel about it because they are already going through something they wouldn’t tell me about and I put all this love and energy into them and only got a small percent back. I feel a physical pain in my chest, I’ve been “alone” before but this is a new level. It’s really just unbearable. I’ve probably gone on for too long and lost anyone who started reading. But at least I know now that I’ve somewhat gotten this off my chest a little bit. Sorry for any spelling errors or random extra words, I’m too not in the mood to go back and check.