My dad is in the hospital, we found him Sunday morning having convulsions and biting his tongue like crazy . This was due to him drinking alcohol and not eating that whole time so he didn’t have enough sodium(it probably wasn’t that but I forgot and it kind sounds right). I guess you could say he’s an alcoholic but I hate thinking that about him. Yes he can drink for a couple of weeks but he comes back, it takes him a while though. I love this man so much, he’s my best friend and I cant handle the thought of him leaving us this early in life, he’s 45 and I just turned 18. Today I went to see him after school like I have since he’s been put in the hospital. He’s more conscious then he was before but he still has the tubes that help him breath and he’s been biting at them because I’m sure they’re uncomfortable and the but mittens on him so he wouldn’t pull them out. He’s opened his eyes a couple of times and I’d say it’s an improvement. But after talking to him and keeping him company for a while I left to go home. My mom went to the hospital soon after and she came back not too long ago. She came inside and just started bawling, she said she couldn’t take seeing him so vulnerable and staying there with him really broke her heart and I get it, it fucking sucks so much knowing there’s nothing to do about it. My mom works and comes home at around 5-6pm and goes to the hospital, it must be traumatizing seeing the one you love so weak. She told me he has the flu and they can’t stabilize him blood pressure enough because of it. The only thing the doctors want is for him to get off of the oxygen helper thing and it seems to be a struggle for my dad. It’s almost my little sisters birthday and all I ask and it’s selfish I know, but I want him to get better before it. I don’t want my sister to not have her dad there, we all miss him so fucking much. I miss him picking on me and me on him, I miss him calling me a mothafucker with his think accent because I thought it was so funny the way he said it. I miss randomly going up to him when he was sat on the couch and just kissing him on the forehead and telling him I loved him. I just wanted to get this off my chest because I can’t and won’t tell my friends about it, I don’t want them to see me break down every time I try and explain what’s going on.