I’m kinda just venting here so if you don’t wanna read, that’s ok.. but rn it’s 3 isn’t he morning and I don’t really have anything to do tmmrw. So I’m thinking about life. So starting at the very beginning of my life I was born. My parents were in the military so we moved around the U.S a lot. My entire family lives in G.A. Me and my family lived there for a while and we moved away.. my parents started fighting a lot. Where ever we went actaully. I started to get used to it considering how I was only about 5. When I started 2nd grade me and my family had just moved to Colorado after we moved across 4 states. I never thought I would fit in, especially from being raised in the south. Unfortunately, I was right. I only had at least One freind but The only bad thing was, I was nice to them but they used me as a object and I never seemed to realize that back then. Next year, 3rd grade, still living in CO, I started to have a lot of crushes as a little girl normally would, but especially on this one boy... we’ll get to that later, but as time went on I didn’t really have any freinds, 3rd grade was especially hard because in the middle of the year. I had a sleepover with my one and only freind at the time and we heard my parents fighting downstairs. About a month passes, on Christmas morning my parents got into an extreme fight over my brother and his phone... as I sat there opening about 5-10 presents my dad grabbed my mom and yanked her hair, I was very confused about what was going on. I had never seen my dad get this mad at my mom before. My oldest brother called the police. I remember looking out the window seeing my dad with handcuffs on in the back of a cop car. I didn’t know what was gonna happen next, little did I know my whole life was changing. The police came inside and asked my questions like “what did you see?” And I didn’t want anything bad to happen to my parents so would lie and say “I didn’t see anything? I was upstairs.” I saw everything though. After my parents got divorced I would stay with my mom full time until my dad got out of “jail” he had only stayed there for about a day until he got bailed out... next year, 4th grade I started to get a lot more popular but I never acted like myself. Girls in my class started to take advantage of me... I was never picked to be partners with anyone etc.. this is when Valentine’s Day came, the boy I liked last year never left my mind... ever, he gave me a chocolate heart. The girls that were mean to me got fun-sizes chocolate bars.. that’s when I realized.. he likes me... I felt so good about myself after those past months were the worst in my life. About a month after Valentine’s Day, was March, my birthday my crush at the time gave me a note that said “do you like me.. yes, no, maybe” as casual 4th graders would do.. I wish to this day I would have marked “yes” on that note.. but I didn’t, I threw the note away knowing that my parents would be extremely mad if they knew I liked a boy at school. 5th grade came and I started to go back over to my dads and I started to be ALOT more popular I had a lot more freinds that I still have to this very day.. this is when I started to notice my ADD kicking in.. me and my family never relized it at the time, after I started struggling to focus in school, I never got help. About 3 months into the year was one of the most heartbreaking things my family has expirenced.. my oldest brother moved away back to Georgia, I’m not surprised he wanted better for himself and he could not take the drama and going back between houses every other week. I didn’t think I had that close of a relationship with my brother but little did I know he was gonna be my best freind for life. At the end of 5th grade was my continuation... I remember since my family was from the south I wore a complete wedding dress while the other girls wore cute casual outfits... at the end of the school day was year book signing time and I remember when we got done signing our classes yearbook you could go sign the other classes yearbooks. I went to the class that my crush from almost all of elementary school was in. He only signed his name in my yearbook but I made a mistake and wrote “2 boxes that said “yes” and “no” and I marked “yes”.. he never talked to me since... next year came 6th grade the start of middle school, the start of the worst year of my life.. at the start of the year I had a lot of classes with my freinds from elementary school but I started to make a lot of new freinds. My best freinds brother was my crush at the time and I liked him for a while, but I started liking another boy that we laughed all the time and joked around all the time in between classes. One day I gave him my phone number and we would text and call each other all the time day and night... one night he asked me if I would be his girlfriend.. I remember thinking “what would my parents think?” But I was as happy as could be and I could ever turn that down. We dated for about 3-4 months and we broke up but we are very good freinds to this day. This year is when I met the toxic girl that ruined my life.. she would bully me so bad that one day I had enough and went home and told my mom “I was doing hw” but instead I was writing a letter to my “future self” that said I wanted to end my life. I wrote songs about me cutting myself and self harming my self. One day I hid the note under my bed but my mom found it.. it was the hardest week of my life.. I remember nobody telling me I needed help or even bothering to ask me if I was ok... I felt so empty inside. About 5 months later was 7th grade... I started 7th grade last year and it was not so great.. I made a lot of great freinds but my grades started to get worse, and worse soon enough to where all my grade were 11.0 or worse.. basically all f’s I was barely passing. This is when my oldest brother found out about what letters that I had written. All of my family knew about it.. besides him.. I thought he knew and didn’t car about my life like the rest of my family but he said everything was going to be ok and he is the only reason I am alive to this day.. he said “if I killed my self, he would be devastated.” I have cried for hours, countless nights thinking about what he would do if I was ... gone... that’s when me and my brothers and my mom went to Disney world for a summer vacation.. and if has been my faveorite thing in the entire world.. I was suicidal and deppresed before but Disney made me get a whole new meaning of life.. it made me feel like I was “magical” in a way.. right now we would have gone as a vacation but because of covid-19 that’s not going to happen.. I am very tired and my hands hurt of typing so comment if you want a part 2 because I have a whole lot more to tell.