I work in Ohio at a rent to own company. We rent laundry, fridges, stoves, computers, Tvs and a bunch more. My owner has deemed us essential and we will be staying open. He has not offered any hazardous pay, incentives, bonus, and he has cut out all of our overtime. We are risking our lives to be here so that he can continue to be a millionaire. We still do deliveries. Our guys are still going into people's house several times a day. Customers are being encouraged to come into the store and pay and shop despite the stay at home order. They had us set up "Xs" with duct tape but not a single customer has followed it even though we have asked and mention it to every customer that walks in. Yesterday I sold a rug doctor cleaner.... that's it. Somebody was bored at home and wanted to clean their carpets. This is essential apparently. Dont get me wrong, I appreciate the fact I'm still getting paid. I am lucky. But I feel as if the owner has no regard for our safety and health. We have been told we can stay home if we dont feel safe but we will be forfeiting all pay and our managers will pretty much look down on us for it. COMPANIES LIKE THIS ARE PART OF THE PROBLEM NOT THE SOLUTION. Unfortunately I need the money and my job so I will be here despite me wanted to stay home and safe. I just need to vent. I'm scared about this whole thing and my company only cares about money. We were deemed essential because we sell computers and somebody may need it to work from home. Our prices are quadruple that of the stores. We have been super slow this week and nobody is paying their bills BECAUSE NO ONE HAS A JOB. We rent to lower income people. Most of those people have been laid off. We are being told by our company to not help people with payments because we would only be doing it for " a selfish feel good moment for ourselves". I am considering leaving this company once everything calms down. The true colors of this company are showing and its GREEN. Vent over. Thanks for reading. I gotta go rent a tv now because ya know, its essential.