When Instagram first came out, I was one of the first users to sign up, this was back when the theme was black and blue. I’ve had this account for years and posted a lot of content with many followers. Recently, I logged into my account and it gave me an error message saying that I violated their terms by posting “sexual content” which clearly I don’t. I have a lot of people that disagree with me online so I suppose some people falsely reported me. There was a small link at the bottom that said “let us know if this was a mistake” I tapped it and filled out the forum several times. 5 days later, no response. I filled it out 50 times. Still no response 2 weeks later. I was starting to feel desperate. A lot of my fiends thought I blocked them because they could no longer find my acount. Losing that many posts over that many years would be detrimental to me. I can’t just get another acount. Besides, Instagram, why permanently ban someone when they could literally open another acount in a couple of seconds? This is only affecting the genuine longtime users that have been on the site for years. Just today I logged into a secondary acount I had that I was planning to turn into a meme acount. It had thousands of followers and posts from years ago. When I tried to login, it also gave me the same error! It said that I violated their terms (did not specify which) and stated that I can’t even fill out a forum because I won’t be able to restore this acount! This is absolutely rediculous! I normally use Instagram like 4-6 hours a day, and it can’t even log in to a single account! Yeah I know it’s “their app, they can do what they want” but seriously, like tricking people to thinking the app is safe then years later perma banning innocent longtime users is unacceptable! Besides, with me using Instagram 5 hours a day, every day, for the past few years, I’ve probably seen enough ads to buy mark zuckerburg a couple of his meals. This is really no way to be treating longtime users that genuinely use the system with care like me. I’m at a loss for words right now and I don’t even know what to do about this...