I would just like to say that I can’t stand my manager. I would honestly punch him in the face if there would be no consequences…Not only has he decided that if I don’t come into work I won’t get paid, but he has the nerve to criticize my protective gear. A little backstory I live and work in New York City and have to take the subway to work. As you all probably know by now NYC has the most cases in the country. This is probably largely due to the city’s large population and so many people taking public transportation every day. Anyway today my boss comes up to me and asks what measures I’m taking to protect myself when taking public transit to and from work. I told him that I wear a mask and gloves and that I keep distance from others when possible (it’s not too feasible on the train but I try my best). He made a comment about how I “shouldn’t be wearing those silly little surgical masks that don’t protect anyone from anything” and told me “you need to find another option for transportation”. This really bothered me. Maybe I’m being sensitive but what else does he expect me to do? I live an hour away and don’t have a car to drive.  He won’t allow me to work from home (mind you I have coworkers that he allows to work from home who are doing absolutely nothing at their houses right now because their jobs aren’t actually work-from-home jobs) and I won’t be paid if I don’t come in. I just feel like how dare criticize my personal protective measures…IT’S ALL I HAVE. It’s not like he’s provided me with an alternative and I’m choosing not to take it. This is the first interaction I’ve had with him in almost a month other than him relaying to me through another manager that if I don’t work I won’t be paid. He literally doesn’t give a fuck about me or anyone else. He’s done a lot to piss me off in the past and I already knew he was a complete asshole but his comments today were unnecessary. I am already scared coming into work every day. My anxiety has been through the roof about this whole COVID-19 situation the last thing I needed from him was criticism. I’m quitting this job and finding a new one as soon as the city opens back up.