That's it, I'm feeling perpetually scared everyday and I don't know what is causing it. Sometimes it feels like I'm imagining it, that maybe I've grown so used to feeling this oppressiveness so I force it. But there's no mistaking the fear creeping it, it's suffocating. I laugh, I joke I talk and ramble just to keep it away. Sometimes it works sometimes it doesn't. I'm trying to control, I know to breathe, but not when it's happening so often. I already feel it , feel like crying as I'm typing but why why why I don't freaking know. I start shaking when it starts and it takes so bloody much to keep it at bay. Does it go away??? Not really, it stays till later, it comes back. I don't want this. I can't afford to keep showing people this side of me. A new voice joined in today when I was walking home, my own father's. I can't stand this. He's the only support i so desperately wish to find agn but his voice, he's telling me things I'm so scared to hear. I know he's not like this, but the more I think, I can't help but wonder if this is how he actually feels. The others are so condescending, they poke fun at me. I know they aren't real, but it hurts. I'm seeing the counsellor on Wednesday, I don't know how much it will help. I need help but I can't find a fucking way to get it without my family knowing. I can't burden them, not anyone else. I'm done, so done. I wanna hang on, im trying. I'm trying to help others too, make them smile a little more, listen to them, we should all help each other after all, I used to feel happy, I felt hope , I loved seeing knowing that I helped, but I'm so tired now. I'm giving giving giving but no one's there. I feel like I'm plunging into a river and no one's helping and I come back crawling out of breath. But once I'm back im dragging people out of that damn river. I feel like a candle burning non stop and i nearing the end. I can't continue like this anymore. Something's gotta change. Ignoring it doesn't help. I sought help from people around me, they don't get it or they just don't want to help. I know, they are going through their own issues, that's fine. I don't want to trouble them either. Im thankful they even listened. I'm reflecting, thinking every damn day, but even they aren't my own now. I don't even know what I'm thinking sometimes. I blank out so often now, I'm finding it hard to tell what happened and what didn't. I can't see my worth, I didn't have one to begin with. I feel like everything else would be better off with me dead. One less mouth to feed, one less dramatic person, one less eyesore and burden. There's no merit to me. I asked. No one could tell me. I hate this I hate it. I don't fish for compliments, but I haven't heard any since god knows when now that I think about it. Im sorry I didn't mean this. I didn't wish to be born as well. Im so sorry, I never meant any of this . Please. I know hours later, maybe even minutes later I'll be fine agn. I know it. I'm not feeling much but it's better than this. At least for once I'm not crying. I feel so hollow within, but so full of something I can't grasp. I want to run so far and never come back. But where to???? Hate this hate myself, for having ever existed . I'm so sorry. If you're reading this ,thank you. I just, really tired. Sorry.