All things considered i rolled a pretty good roll in life , typing by itself is making me regert this but here goes. From around 11 i started noticing that girls were really attracted to me. Some one in that postion would do the most "logical thing" instead of dating my best friend i went for the hottest girl in the school until 16, it got really messy basically the "HG" wanted to fuck but like legal age is 18 in my country both of us were 15-16. i decided not to and was frim on waitting . This wasnt enough for her so we ended up breaking up . its fucked i knew my best friend was in love with me since then (11). But idk in my mind i was never good enough for her and i needed to improve before i considered her . so again the advances from her  was high key lowkey blanked and i dated someone else . Again the girls came in pears someone who was perfectly normal and a model unluckly this 2nd girl cheated on me i dated her from 16-19. Finally i started to gain some sense and didnt just date the hot girls. From 19 -21again the girls came in pairs someone really smart and another hottie  i dated basically a mathematical genius  she's kinda famous now so im not say much . but in dating her it put a huge space  between my best friend and i. MG was really serious about her studies and that made me motived to keep up suddenly im attendding hours of maths lessons my group of friends changed . Eventually my best friend had enough and confessed ,someone who's been in love with me for 10 years . I denyed her i mean i was in a relatonship at the time. She stopped talking to me i tried to reach out she told me "You were always a pipe dream you should date the better girl you're always searching for" when i told the the gf MG about it she didnt take it well she felt as if i had lead my best freind  on for all these years . She broke up with me. IDk i feel like i keep fucking up i feel like if i only decided to date my best friend from 11 i'd be happy now or if i dated any of the other girls ...How do i keep choicing the wrong girl ,. i think the problem is inwards where i accept the love i think is good enough for me but not the one i want . idk im not looking for advice or anything i just wanted to get it out .