I really do not know what to do anymore. College was my safe haven, away from home but now I do not have a safe haven anymore. I tried telling myself that being sent home was going to be okay and I was not going to let a bad mentality ruin it for me. I was wrong because I always knew that I was never okay at home. I am the adult that is supposed to take care of everything. I had to take care of my mom because she started feeling very sick. My mom and my step-dad are arguing every moment they can so I just leave them to argue. It adds stress to me because after they are done arguing, they always come to me and try to turn me against one another. My mom keeps talking about my sister and nieces like I do not exist. She keeps being nice to them meanwhile I just get all her anger and shit-talking. I am tired of my parents forcing me to watch mass being streamed every day. If I do not watch mass with them they say that I have the devil inside. Although there is a pandemic going on, they forced me to go to church to get communion although I refused because I knew that there were going to be a bunch of people that did not respect social distancing. I told her that I would just rather stay home to avoid anything. Mom yelled at me and said that the devil was going to be inside of me and she would let not let me in. I was forced to take communion from a stranger that I do not know that well.  I want my mom to understand where I coming from, but every time I cry or something, it always a constant stream of invalidation. My mom has offered to pay for my ticket to go elsewhere. My mom at times wants to get rid of me. Sometimes, I just tell myself that I need to move out, and I am willing to move out, and work and take out as many loans so my mom does not have to pay my college, but my parents are so controlling and I am so easily guilt-tripped that it seems impossible for me to part ways. Everything seems really bad right now and I feel like it is all my fault. I've been trying to save everything from falling apart. The one person that I trust to vent and give me advice is the only person that I do not know how to contact anymore. I just know that I am depressed and I feel alone, but according to my parents, I have the devil inside. My birthday is going to be in a few days, and I was counting on being back in school so I wouldn't have to celebrate with parents that always argue or have some kind of problem on my birthday. I guess not this year. I really wanted to receive counseling from my school counseling, but that wouldn't work out because I cannot have Zoom or phone calls because my parents do not understand that I need complete silence and cooperation on their part. I'm very behind. I feel like giving up. I feel like the one person that I was taking care of because they were suicidal, using suicide as a way to guilt me into something that I wish I never fell for because they keep spamming about how much they love me in a non-platonic way, and honestly I just can't deal with this anymore. I feel like I brought this all on myself. I really most likely did.