How I started a job again that I know that I hate, I came back to the same place, not even because I wanted money but because I liked my coworker who still worked there. Let’s call her Sally- she’s pretty, she’s intelligent, hardworking, has a sense of humor, but when it comes to me, it’s awkward talking to her. Hard to  tell if she even likes me just as a person. I started liking her more than a year ago when I was still together with my ex of whom I’ll rename Eva. I was together with Eva for a year and a half, 6 months of which I had feelings for my coworker Sally when I first met her. It was a toxic relationship with Eva, she was jealous, she had schizophrenia or bipolar disorder or a combination of the two (not to hate or judge but just from the way she behaved she was very mentally ill in a way that affected me very painfully) I became a sex addict and obsessed with porn, it’s taken me until now (more than a year later) to quit porn completely. I’m sobering up my life, I quit masturbating, but my depression remains Stagnant, god how I wish I was strong enough to lift it, I get help, I have a therapist and family who try to help me, but nothing ever seems to be enough. I feel like I’m a vortex of chaos to everyone in my life, and seemingly I would most likely hurt this girl Sally if I went out with her, but she’s like from another world, I don’t know her at all, but I want to know her because there’s something about the way she looks at me that makes me wonder. I’m so temperamental with what I want from life, it’s driving me insane. I also struggle a lot with my masculinity because I’m the shortest and the smallest in my family, I’m also the eldest brother, an artist and I do all of my chores so my teenage brothers like to bully me. To tell you the truth, I’m frustrated with my life in general, and why, god why can I not create art (the only thing that keeps me sane) and get off my ass and stop watching TV? Nothing I do ever seems to help me get motivated for my life. It’s like I’m drowning in a sinking ship.