You have no idea how many posts I see of people who talk bad about their lives and how their husband did this or that. About how their boyfriend did this or that. You know what I noticed after talking with them? That people arent even willing to try to communicate or to emote with the other person. You get so caught up in your own problems you dont see that maybe your husband is acting this way for a reason. I lost my fiance 2 weeks ago. She left me without even giving me a chance. She told me she did but I never was told my relationship was on thin ice, no one said hey you and I aren't doing well and I wanna tell you why. I would give anything, I mean anything to be able to show my ex that I'm sorry for the mistakes I've made, for things I never knew she had a problem with. If I had known things weren't okay I would have tried harder to make things okay permanently. But you can't get anywhere with someone who won't talk. I've been an absolute wreck, cant eat, can't sleep, my life feels twisted upside-down and my heart gets heavy even seeing her on Snapchat or on Facebook apparently having the time of her life. Its to the point where even my friends notice how unhealthy this is. That I cant go an hour without getting heart heavy depressed. What am I supposed to do? Move on? My heart doesn't even feel like it's mine to have. Like it wants to be with her. No matter the squall. I feel incredibly attached to her. To the point where I feel nothing now. I wish she'd just give me a chance to be who she needs me to be. I couldn't just change without knowing what to change. I did my best, I gave up my time to clean up the apartment, to take care of our cat, to massage her each night she had to work while I was looking for work. I tried... I'm still trying. And I know everyone says the same thing... just leave her. But...how am I supposed to drop these emotions? My life used to feel like it revolved around our relationship and how we were going to make things work. Now... I feel completely without a purpose. I try to draw, I try to work out, I try to move on but... I just can't. I can't... I'm sorry.