My boyfriend and I got into a huge fight last night. Yesterday was rough for me so I was anxious and sad all day, I was looking at old highschool videos to cheer myself and I was sharing them with my boyfriend. I sent him a video of me and an old male friend laughing, my boyfriend got super jealous and started having a temper tantrum. He was saying how he hates seeing me with other guys, how he wished that were us. It was heart breaking for me because I had only just started feeling happy, I was happy for maybe around 10 minutes before his jealousy brought me back down. I got extremely annoyed at him and went off, it wasn't the first time he's been overly jealous and it's been driving me crazy. He forced me to cut off a friend (that friend was an ex but we'd long broken up) but when I asked about his MULTIPLE EXES he said he wouldn't stop talking to them all because their his friends. I respected his decision, I never wanted him to cut them off I just wanted to know more about them. I just find it unfair that I have to cut off my exe when he doesn't even after one of his exes tried to sabotage the relationship. As I said I went off on him, talking about how he never considered how his actions make me feel. He's cheated twice in the past and has made me look extremely toxic to random people by not including certain bits of information and ignoring what he's done to me. I was very harsh and cold towards him, he's causing me so much stress and I hate it. I know relationships aren't meant to be all happy fun but my relationship is NEVER fun with him. He's constantly being jealous and hurting me but when he hurts me he always plays victim so it results in me comforting him. I'm so sick of dating him but I don't want to leave, I have a past of dating abusive men and not breaking up, I just wait for them to leave. I love him but I can't handle the stress this relationship is putting onto me. I already suffer from anxiety and depression and he doesn't care. He's only making it worse. I'm so emotionally drained I just want to disappear and not have to deal with this shit.