I’m in high school and all I pretty much like doing  is smoking weed all day. I used to play basketball every single day rain or shine snow or hail unless I was grounded, but you get my point. After I opened my eyes and realized I wasn’t going into the NBA it kind of made me sad because of all the work I had put in. The amount of time I’ve spent play basketball now and last year is just downright depressing. My grades are pretty shit because I have a problem with procrastination and I literally have not done a single homework by myself this entire year. That’s like a whole cycle in itself. I’ve failed most of my tests. I have no clue what I want to be when I grow up and Im pretty fuckin scared that when I grow up I’ll be on my own since my parents can’t support me and i won’t know how to write paperwork or do bills and shit. Every morning I wake up and before school I smoke. That has given me a new perspective and it let me see the true sides of people. Before weed I was a talkative and even sometimes annoying person and everyone would laugh at my jokes every day in class. Now I’m woke and I’m quiet. I look at things people do closer and other shit like that. So anyways yeah I got nobody to talk to so I mainly just think about things to myself now and this is the first time posting this typa shit cuz I got no one to tell it to. My friends at school are mostly fake as fuck too the only reason why they’d talk to me is for weed. I just think I need like a real best friend in my school. Like someone I can actually talk with instead of just joking around every day. Someone that can lead me on a nice ass path to being successful. Soo right now the only reasons why I’m chillin rn is weed and reddit cuz I get to talk to u guys even though I have no idea who you are and I don’t even think anyone’s going to see this but yeah whoever read all of that shit you’re a legend also please don’t call me fucking retarded in the comments because I already know I am. Also I’m a freshman but I’m pretty sure procrastination will still rape me for the next 3 years