Okay so I was supposed to graduate from my university course in 2019 in the winter semester. I fucked that up and I needed to do classes in the spring summer semester which I subsequently fucked up as well because I got the start dates wrong and I had to do the classes in the next semester in the fall semester (last semester). I did those classes and missed the fucking deadline for graduation, which was 15 days after the start of the semester. I thought it was in October but nope, I was very wrong. So I missed that, and emailed the uni help line to ask what I was to do and they said that I couldn't graduate cause I missed it and there may have been something wrong with my classes anyways. They told me to contact support and me being the dumbest bitch in the fucking world, forgot about doing that and I never ended up doing it. I somehow get it in my head that no biggie I'll just graduate the next semester and it'll all be fine and dandy, you know, cause I'm literally the dumbest person in existence. I go to sign up to graduate today cause I'm stupid and it says I'm not eligible to graduate again. I just emailed the help line and I'm awaiting the shitstorm that's about to ruin my life *again* all because I'm too scared to look and see if I fucked something up for myself. This shit all started because I was assaulted in the end of my 2019 fall semester and my life began to fall apart even further than it had before. I couldn't handle it then and I'm still really really struggling. I had anxiety and depression BEFORE this incident and now it's just a shitstorm and I cannot deal with it anymore. I can't keep anything under control anymore. I need for someone to handle this with me, I need someone to understand that I'm struggling and to not freak out at me for potentially ruining my life. I need someone to help me through this and not get mad at me because I already know that I'm fucking up my life because of this and that they don't need to add onto it by freaking out at me. I don't know if I'm missing a class or what but I think I need to talk to somebody. The amount of anxiety I have and have been in for years is not normal but I can't do anything about it. I'm really really struggling and I need help but I can't fucking ASK for it like a normal person because I'm so fucking anxious. All I wanted was for everything to be alright, all I wanted was to graduate and get on with my life but I literally cannot handle a single teeny tiny amount of decision making without freaking the fuck out.