I moved out of my mom's place because she was so controlling and would yell at me whenever I'd go out. I'm 21. So I moved in with my aunt and she's crazy religious and forces me to pray especially with this whole virus shit going on. But every single time she forces me to pray for dinner she does this shit eating smirk like she's laughing at me with the whole "haha it's your turn to pray" even though it doesn't bother me because I don't really care I just want to get it over with and she acts like it's so funny that it's my turn. Well when I finish praying we all say amen but she doesn't. She's like "and please bless so and so and bless this and that" right after I'm done like if my prayer wasn't good enough. What's the fucking point of forcing me to pray if you're just going to take over right after???? It's so frustrating because she does this every single time I'm forced to pray. On top of that she takes 2 bites of her food and starts complaining and making sure everyone knows that's she's full at least a hundred times. Like ok we get it you're not trying to eat too much. But she keeps going and going and going "oh I'm so full why did I eat I'm so full" and my uncle sometimes has to tell her to STFU because she barely even ate a thing. She had her stomach stapled 5 YEARS AGO there's no reason why she has to keep up this front like she can't fit more than a few bites in her fat fucking body. Oh and that doesn't stop her from eating she'll finish her food and then some and still complain how full she is. And whenever I go to work she has to ask me a million questions "where are you going did you eat what time will you be back where is the job at is your brother going too who's picking you up" and it's always the same exact response from me. "I DONT KNOW" because I do inventory I go to work at different places in different cities and I only have a start time, the end time is up to how fast or slow we finish and she knows this. Obviously my brother is going too because he's my only ride to work. And she forces me to eat breakfast lunch and dinner with her and my uncle every single day so yes I did eat and she knows that too. Then she comes into my room to "clean" which really means going through my shit to "organize" but she only ever does this whenever I'm on the phone and she makes it painfully obvious she's listening to my conversations. And whenever she asks me if I want soda(which I don't want because I hate soda and of course she knows that too) I say no, and it's followed by a million other questions that are all met with no no no no no. "do you want soda?" No "do you want water?" No "milk?" No "juice?" No "chips?" No "beer?" No "wine?" No "sparkling water?" No etc. And keep in mind that I am very polite and put up with it even though I have to deal with it every single day. It's so overbearing and I'm constantly being asked "you're not going to leave us right?" Because her and my uncle can't do shit on their own. They can't copy and paste on their phone. They can't order shit online, they don't know how to use Netflix when all you have to do is press play, hey don't know how to do pretty much anything that requires technology. I've had to make my aunt and uncle at least 8 different emails because they don't keep track of any of them and expect me to remember each one with their complicated ass passwords that I tell them to write down. Half the time I explain something to my aunt she just stares at me blankly until I do it for her. That's not even the worst part about living here. My uncle is always barging into my room whenever I'm watching something or playing something just to talk about pointless shit and repeats himself over and over and over again until my aunt has to come get him or else he doesn't leave. I honestly think he's going senile. He's always trying to get into the bathroom when I'm inside of it even when he watches me go in. He keeps a camera in my room that watches me which I have to unplug whenever I come back inside my room because it makes me uncomfortable especially when I need to change. He swears it's a wifi emitter but it's clearly a camera. I looked it up. Whenever I leave the room for more than a second he comes in and plugs it back in or uncovers it. Whenever he uses the restroom he leaves the door open, doesn't flush, nor wipe. Whenever literally anything about careers comes up he swears he's done it. Doctor, military, cook, vet, pilot, construction worker, actor, inventory specialist, pastor, farmer, mechanic, electrician, etc pretty much anything you can think of. He's "done" it. The reality of it is he worked at Vons his entire life after getting out of jail for molesting his sons friend. He never did anything but work at Vons. I try to talk about this with my best friend but she just blows me off like my problems don't matter at all. But she'll talk my ear off about her problems and I'll be the best friend I can be but the second I try to talk about my problems she acts like a devil's advocate and calls me immature and says I should be more appreciative when she complains about pretty much the same shit. I pay rent. I carry all the groceries from the car. I take out the trash. I clean everything. I'm the only person in this apartment with a job so most of the bills land on my lap but there's no escape. Whenever I try to leave I get sprayed down from head to toe with lysol and have to take a bag of chips and soda and a sandwich and napkins with me even if I'm just going out for a walk. Don't get me wrong I appreciate it but I'm an adult and I only moved here because I had no where else to go and was only going to stay for a month till I could move to San Diego with my friend and get a place together but now I'm stuck having to take care of old people who are crazy and religious nuts and have to hear about how the world is coming to an end constantly. I didn't sign up for this. I want out. I'm so fucking depressed and suicidal and angry all the time now. I resorted to drinking heavily and started smoking cigarettes again after quitting for 6 months. The stress is too much and I can't take it anymore. I've thought about ending my life more times than I've ever had before and I sleep away my free days because I can't bare it anymore. I hope I find an escape from this purgatory.