I just need to ramble vent reddit. This is my non anonymous account which I've had way less long than my anonymous. Anyway, basically last summer I was raped and beaten pretty bad and almost killed myself. I got it together or so I thought and obviously there were hard times but I was functioning. So I only spoke to a therapy type person twice. Fast forward to two weeks ago and the combination of distancing myself from my friends and children plus other things sent me in to an unexpected downward spiral. My job is "essential" and I am not able to take off work and get paid. I can however miss work unpaid which I've been mostly missing the last half of my days because I'm having panic attacks at work. New for me. I'm a single mom and just 2 months ago moved finally in to my own apt for myself and kids. Tonight my tire blew out while we were driving on the highway and I was thrown in to a similar setting as where this even happened and although I logically know I'm fine and home and safe and literally the only similar thing was the physical setting its has just made me so much worse. My 10 year old daughter sat down next to me before she went to bed and like *really* asked if I'm OK. She doesn't know about anything, she's just being a sweet kid. I kept myself from crying and told her I had a headache thats all. They went to bed and I went to my car for 10 minutes and just sobbed. I don't feel like I'm holding on to anything well right now and if I'm honest with myself I would shut the door behind them when their dad picks them up tomorrow and immediately call or drive myself to somewhere to check in to if I didn't have to worry about losing everything I just got for us. I do have an appt set up for Wednesday for the start of seeing a counselor but I'm already freaking out that to get my bills paid I HAVE to be going back to work Friday, maybe Thursday. I doubt very much if the 50 minute scheduled call Wednesday night is gonna pull me that far out of how bad I am right now. I hate everything about the fact that I'm either giving up my mental health and honestly don't know how much of that is left or I'm giving up everything I just accomplished for my kids and I. If you made it this far thanks for reading, it doesn't solve anything but at least I don't feel like I'm choking on the words anymore.