It’s 2 am and here I am, alone in bed (excluding my new furry friend barker) Alone in my house, and I’ve come to realize that its been a really, really long time since I’ve been actually..... alone. Now,  don’t get me wrong, I’m an only child... growing up, I wasn’t a stranger to sleeping alone, although i still would sneak into my moms bed in the middle of the night after a bad dream, but i was never one to be afraId of spending time alone. In my early dating years, I wasn’t even in serious relationships because i was wary of serious commitment.  Looking back in hindsight, i was always chasing unattainable men because of the fear of it all. To really meet someone and let them in entirely, and them to love you despite all flaws... to really start a future with someone. I never believed such a concept, to be honest. My father abandoned me when i was born and my mom, who was the world’s best parent- raised me while dating no real serious partners. She had said that she did it out of protection to me, which i do admire and commend, but now being older, i sense that she also was afraid of love and hid away from it, by raising me alone. Nonetheless, i dated here and there... partied.... all while never giving anyone a real chance. Then, when i was 25, i started to exclusively date a nice guy, that was wholesome and handsome. I thought why not. Let’s do it..... and then three weeks later, my mother passed away at an unexpectedly fast rate. I was in shock. A part of me died with her that day and i am no longer the same. My boyfriend at the time was such a wonderful source of healing, he literally saved me from so many nights of just bawling myself to sleep. I wasn’t used to such an act of compassion from a significant other and it felt so much better then the pain and grief that i was desperately trying to run away from. Well, fast forward to 6 months later, once the dust had settled, the relationship had sizzled down. I was reminded of all the reasons why i had never dated him before (different interests, no real conversation, him having a child, etc) we broke up and  i thought that, alright. That wasn’t too bad... Imagine how it can be with the “right” one!? So, i jumped into another relationship and boy, did i think he was the one! No kids, an intellectual, read interesting books, dry humor, loved dogs.... basically, he made me believe that this was it. I had found my family, with him. And it was something i had missed for so long... that feeling of being loved and cared for... Needless to say, it was all a lie. He emotionally abused me, gaslit me, stole from me, would scream in my face, i lost everything with him... even losing myself. I finally broke away, and i am still scarred by all of it. Since that experience, I’ve had a few flings... but intense ones. The kind of meetings that we connect so quickly, and are always together, hard feelings being felt... and then something will happen. Life happens.. and they are now gone. Whether it be, one is in fear losing his school visa and will most likely be getting deported, to another getting arrested but has a hold in San Antonio for another two warrants.... I know how all of this must sound, pathetic and tragic in many ways, but i have no one right now and I’m just needing to vent that IT FEELS SO AWFUL. I wish and pray that i once again find that contentment i used to feel as a kid, and soon can embrace being alone rather then despise it. I know it will take time, and that this is just one meaningless night. One late night, insomnia filled, one like many others, and that the sun will rise soon and who knows what tomorrow can bring.... maybe not another man, but perhaps it will bring something better.. it will bring better feelings. Feelings of hope, laughter, self discovery, self care, etc. I am keeping faith that this will soon come to happen. I apologize for the long rant, and if you took the time to read this all, then I thank you and above all, hope that maybe it touches someone else, as well... to know that we are all not so alone after all. :)