So my moms a server at my family owned upscale Mexican restaurant and there’s a waiter who’s greedy and cocky. He’s from Mexico City so he’s always on his high horse. He likes to steal tables from other employees and the owners don’t do shit bc they owe him money from a personal loan. But anyways point being... last night my mom was in the kitchen putting in a long order with multiple food customizations because her table was all fitness trainers who have specific diet guidelines. she turned around to ask the cook how she should put the order in so there’s no mistakes. So this trick goes and logs my mom out of the system so he could use it when he clearly knew that there was an order pending to be sent. My mom confronted him and asked if he could go use a different computer for his order and he says “No, there clearly wasn’t anyone using this computer” this goes back and forth like two or three times until he has the audacity to say in Spanish “ you’re not right in the head.” I turn my head like a damn owl and walk up to him and ask him to repeat it again and he does. I fucking go off on him yelling obscenities and what not because I wasn’t having it. He does this to everyone all the time and gets away with it bc other employees just ignore him so they can go attend tables. Anyways one of the owners, my 2nd cousin, comes up to us and tells us to calm down and I wasn’t having that shit either so I go off on the her too bc she lets this shit continue. I wanted to cold cock him so bad but I was holding it back it literally took so much energy to hold that back. My mom later told me that my jaw was trembling(adrenaline) and she had never seen me so infuriated in my 19 years of being alive! I’ve never really experienced tunnel vision as bad as I did last night and I was told I had another employee which I’m friends with yelling at me to go outside and cool down but I was so focused on his punchable face and seeing where his hands where In case he’d strike which Ik he wouldn’t but you never know. I finally regain my vision ig and I can hear the loud ambience of the restaurant once again so I leave the kitchen and walk out to the bar to cool off. We argued a bit more now by the bathrooms but I wasn’t yelling just telling him he isn’t shit. Anyways that’s my vent and I feel great to have finally stood up against him and to have defended my mom.