For a while my partner has been stressed out so much from both me and our child. Don’t get me wrong she loves her child a lot but because of her mental issues she tends to get stressed out way too easily and I unfortunately don’t help where to the point that even doing the slightest mistake will freak her out. I know I’m not the greatest at trying to keep things tidy but I do what I can. I sweep, I clean dishes, I try to do laundry if I have the quarters, I drive around for groceries, I got our food stamps, the unemployment, dealing with our landlords, trying to keep up with my job so she doesn’t have to wait for so long (before the covid-19 issue) and ordering or making our food for a good majority of our time. Now that we’ve been stuck together for over a month, it just kind of gotten worse. She basically wants to take a break from taking care of our kid and let him spend time with me since I go to work and such. Turns out it means I’m literally doing everything of our kid. Playing, changing diapers, putting down to sleep, giving a bath, putting clothes on, the only time she would do something with our kid is by making some food for them. I know that being a mother is hard work than what I do but I would at least like a little bit of time for myself. The only time I have to do something for me is when her and our kid is both asleep. I’ve been losing some hours of sleep lately because our kid has been staying up late in the night and I’m in the living room with him to keep him calm because I can take it better than she can with him. Though when I take a nap with him to catch up, I get yelled at for it to try and fix his and my sleep schedule. I can use melatonin and try to keep him down if she just lets me do what I know. Even with all this, all I get is belittled, yelled at, criticized, and get blamed for things I didn’t even do or she doesn’t remember on things. I know that time for us is really stressful and this is our first child as well as being in a tight spot, but I know things will get better eventually because I know that all she is just a big ball of stress that has been stuck at being a stay at home mom with being in a place she barely knows (not going to explain that) and being in a small apartment doesn’t help. I just need to wait until things get better later on, otherwise other things will most likely happen but I do believe our child deserves both his parents with them.