I see the posts on here and I notice many have a lot in common. Many of us feel a disconnect from someone we care about. Some of us feel like we're alone entirely, and maybe some of us are... I'm obviously not here because I have the answers, but I suspect validation may prove a step in the right direction for most of us. Just knowing that others have seen our words, even without responding, blunts the negative emotions surrounding our circumstance. Some of you may even find humor in the fact that my current inner monologue sounds very much like Jude Law although I am not proper English in the slightest and I hail from Missouri. My current predicament involves someone I care for deeply. It's hard to watch a loved one struggle. It's even harder when they ask you for advice but don't seem to acknowledge it. I fear this is common and something we've all been guilty of. There are some questions to which no answer can satisfy, because they aren't questions at all really. When a question is born of a feeling it takes on a life of its own. Emotions do not seek information in the traditional sense, rather, they seek other emotions; validation, acceptance, guilt, acknowledgement to name a few. When you are not the source turmoil, there is an almost helpless feeling as you become trapped in the role of support for questions to which you haven't the satisfying answer. Even as I type this I'll reminded that I shouldn't take it personally. All I, or any of us can do is continue to love and guide those that we care for and try to help them see themselves as we do. It's hard to contradict someone who questions their own efforts. It's akin to Superman feverishly attempting to convince you that he's not super. There is an emotion making him truly feel like less than he is, but you've never witnessed evidence to the contrary. You were not the source of this emotion so there is little you can do to satisfy it, and any attempt to justify your viewpoint will likely only lead to frustration for all involved. You're stuck. Not engaging leaves the impression of disinterest. Defending them when they've made themselves the enemy puts you in the wrong side of an unwinnable war. Now you're the one with an emotion you cannot validate because you love a person who is hanging onto a reason not to love themselves however ridiculous it may seem. Unfortunately this is where I'll leave you until I scheme up a universal and foolproof resolution, but I hope that if any of this resonates with you that you understand that you're not alone and you're not lost, just not yet where you want to be.