I’m bisexual with a strong preference for women and came out when I was 14.  I’ve faced lots of discrimination from gays because of it but nothing at all from the straight community because all my straight friends have been so supportive of me, thankfully.  However the hatred, abuse, harassment, and negativity and toxicity I see daily in the subs that have to do with anything lgbt is overwhelming.  I have never in my life come across such negativity.  Lesbians discriminating bisexuals but yet they’re obsessed with us because they post about us nonstop and then when I call them out and stick up for my fellow bisexuals I’m shut down by OTHER BISEXUALS instead of being thanked.  The mods of bi subs support bisexuals to backlash other bisexuals instead of supporting each other the way we should be and again when I speak my mind and call them out on their negativity I’m shut out.  Its as if they don’t want to face their negativity so they pull the mute card out.  Literally in every one of those subs everyone is obsessed with transphobia and accuses everyone of being transphobic just for commenting the color of the sky.  And the best part is that bisexuals support biphobia in those subs and god forbid anyone calls them out...I just...I’m so mentally drained and exhausted to the point where I’m sleeping ten times a day because of the negative energy I receive and feel Everytime I go there.  I’m done.  Finito.  Finished.  Fin.  From now on anyone from that toxic community who faces discrimination in front of my face is on their own.  I’m sick of sticking for them to get shit on return.  All that community knows how to do is run away from their problems instead of facing them or fixing them.  They’re also filled with overly sensitive people.  I just needed somewhere to confess.  Honestly I wish I were straight so I wouldn’t have to deal with any of this. Also users who leave negative comments will be blocked.  I have no energy to deal with more negativity and arguments. Also I’m sick and tired of hearing “you can’t judge the community as a whole”.  Please do not waste my time and your time commenting an ignorant thing like that.  I’ll just block you.