my boyfriend is so out of touch with his emotions he never knows what he wants. suddenly, out of NOWHERE, he essentially tells me he might break up with me he might not he doesnt even know. first he says its because hes stressed about work and its not fair to me that he cant put his all into a relationship, then he says he doesnt know if he is still in love with me but still tells me he loves me every night when were in bed. then he says its healthier if we arent sleeping in the same bed while he figures out what he wants, but he still says “goodnight i love you”. then after me trying to figure out what the fuck is going on he goes back to saying he just doesnt feel like he can be 100% in a relationship because he is transitioning into a management position at work and its a lot of stress. throughout this whole ordeal ive been asking him if he just needs some space and if that would help and he always says “i dont know” so FINALLY i just say okay fine. i wont text you i wont call you i wont come over until next week so you can figure this out. he says yes thats exact what i need thank you that would help. WHY THE FUCK COULDNT HE JUST TELL ME HE NEEDED SPACE IN THE FIRST PLACE OR ANY OF THE MANY TIMES I SUGGESTED JUST GIVING HIM SPACE??? and so now i cant talk to him at all but i can see all of his social media and were in several group chats with mutual friends. enter part 2 of what is upsetting me. there is this movie i really wanted to see that ive been trying to get him to watch with me for MONTHS. its a new movie from a director i really like and i knew he would love the movie so i was waiting to watch it until we could see it together. literally last week i suggested we watch it and he said its too long of a movie he doesnt want to. he just messaged a group chat were in. hes watching the movie with one of his roommates because the roommate saw an ad for the movie on amazon prime and thought it looked cool. hes talking about how the movie is such a masterpiece and hes so glad he watched it. i said in the groupchat something about how ive literally waited for months to watch this movie with him and have been offering to buy it since it came out and he refused and now he watches it without me. and he just sent back a stupid fucking meme. and i still cant fucking talk to him until friday cause thats what we agreed to. the movie thing just fucking sent me cause i was already stressed. like come on man. and this is my only social media he doesnt know so its my only place to vent because my one other friend is working late tonight and i dont want to spam her with texts. god im so frustrated being stuck in relationship limbo