I’ve worked at the same place for almost 7 years now. There are so many regular customers, many of them are great and I smile when I see them, and I’m genuinely happy to help them. But then there are the the other ones, the ones I actively try to hide from in the bathroom when I can (but I’m usually stuck working alone so it doesn’t work most of the time). I could go on and on naming them and the specific reasons I dislike them, but I’m only going to go over the lady who triggered this venting session. She’s about mid-40s, housewife, usually running errands for her husband. She often comes in the store to have things printed from her email, in order for me to do this she must forward the email the store’s email, every time it takes 10-20mins to help her do this. (A normal, not annoying customer takes 2-5mins for the same service). But today she had something to fax, and the fax number she had was not right. It was not a fax number. It did not ring, it just kept making the horrible screeching noise a fax makes when you dial a number that is not in service. But she insisted I keep trying. She was here for ONE HOUR. And I kept telling her “this number is not right” and she was like “just try it one more time”, so besides this woman constantly wasting my time on services that only cost a few dollars which is one reason I let out a deep sigh every time I see her walking into the store, she also can not stop talking, and she’s rude and entitled about it. I’ll be helping another customer and she’ll just butt into the conversation, which distracts the customer I’m helping, which makes it take longer for me to help them, making the other customers have to wait longer. This woman will also see me answering a phone call, I will be on the phone helping someone, and she will try to talk to me about small talk “oh, you dyed your hair?” “Why did you dye it?”, while I’m on the phone is not the time to talk about my hair you annoying c-u-next-Tuesday. Also, I eventually told her “I’m not going to waste anymore of my time faxing this to a number that obviously isn’t working, contact the company, get a different number, and then I will try it again”, so she called the company while standing in the middle of the store, talking very loudly, so loudly I had to keep asking the other customers I was helping to repeat themselves because I couldn’t hear over her saying things like “I can’t disclose that information because I’m in a public place”. I did tell her she needed to take her call outside because she was interfering with business, to which she responded “I’m almost done”. THEN she asked me if I would hold onto her social security card, drivers license, and the note she wrote (those were the things she had to fax) and I was just like “no, I don’t feel comfortable doing that”, and she was just like “I trust you, sweetie” and I just stood my ground saying “I am completely not comfortable holding onto your social security card and drivers license, I’m sorry”. Plus, she still had to drive home, what if she got pulled over or in an accident? This dumb lady was ready to leave her drivers license  AND her social at a store overnight because she didn’t “want to forget them” when she comes back tomorrow. Which means tomorrow, I will have to deal with her again. If I was evil, I would’ve held onto her social and license, and sold it to some hacker, but, I’m just a nice lady with a short patience for annoying people.