so, i might just sound like a dumb teen diagnosing myself with social anxiety but, i don't really know how to explain it, i feel uncomfortable when im alone in public areas like my lunch table, i get red when i speak publicly for speeches and things i stutter and tear up and cant control it. i also tear up if im hit with criticism about my work like presentations from higher authority figures. to the other students i might seem like a teachers pet, but im just scared of messing up or doing something wrong. even with my parents it is the same. so on to the incident which drove me to make this, so i was in class and my teacher said something that i thought to be humorous, so i made a humorous remark to my classmate, my teacher then stops talking and said yes Isabella, i did say that, and proceeds to say its because of my condition that makes me forget words and takes 6 weeks for me to remember but, thanks for making fun of me. at this point i am beet red and im tearing up trying to hold back tears with a lump in my throat i then say i-i wasn't trying to do that then she proceeds to say yeah, thanks i can find a lot of things to make fun of you about. i couldn't hear what she said next but she was back to continuing class as i was still processing and trying to hide my beet red face, i could clearly see no one was looking at me but i felt like they were and i feel traumatized i feel like i should apologize but every time i practice doing it or think about it i cry as i am now just typing this. i dont know why this happens i try to be good and stay out of trouble because if i get in trouble i feel like going to die and i tear up and have to hold back tears when i get in trouble with higher authority figures, parents, teachers, schools staff, and even random strangers. is this normal? i never really vented out to anyone, because i dont really trust anyone and i feel like if i tell my parents they will be upset with me, not believe me, and i just tend to think out the worst possible situations possible and what would happen and that scares me.