It's been 1 year since she left me and I still feel the worst feeling ever even though I know that she wasn't good for me. I feel this unimaginable pain whenever I think of our memories together. We talked everyday for years, like we couldn't live without each other, through time, I felt like I could trust her to never disappear on me. because it really felt like she became a part of me, she really touched me with her words and promises, I really fell for them. And now, seeing her loving someone else and prioritizing him, it just feels so wrong inside, because that used to be me. It's been about 1 year now and we were together for 4 years, we were really close, she was the only person I felt comfortable acting weird to. She dated one guy for 5 months, while this second guy has been almost 7 months and when I checked her status, it seems like she still loves him and they have their thing going on. While I'm forgotten, it just feels so wrong, and I know there's just no going back to how it used to be. She's really gone, these 4 years, she was really good at acting this whole time, and when she just stopped faking it and showed how shallow and selfish she really was, it really shocked me, to this day I still feel that shock, like just feeling dumb about it, she really became into a different person towards me. I really don't like this new her anymore, a horrible person, like everything was just an act and she really just used me. Right now I just get the weirdest feeling whenever I see pics of her as if I know nothing about her, but still very familiar which makes it feel weird, I think no doubt about it that one day she would realize what she had done, but she won't have the privilege to apologize to me, because I have waited one year and she was fine with me feeling like this. I believe that I already stopped loving her the moment she left, because nobody in their right mind would love a shallow, extremely selfish, and ungrateful person like her. And right now, I think I'm just feeling shocked that really horrible people do exist and how good they can be at acting for years. It really just changes my reality a bit, before I felt like everything only makes sense as long she exists in my life, now after what she did to me, everything will only make sense again only if I never met someone as horrible as her.