At this point it's certain that I am going to a state school, but I want to vent how I feel. At the beginning of the school year like every other senior I applied for different colleges. I took a big risk by applying to mostly art schools because my parents did not initially approve. In order to apply for any art schools, which included my dream school Pratt, I had to also apply to state schools. I already knew that going to a private art school was going to be very expensive, but I was hoping that Fafsa and potential scholarships would help. Anyways, fast forward to the time when letters come out and I find that I got accepted into every school I applied for with more than $100,000 in scholarships from multiple schools. It felt so rewarding to see the "congratulations" after years of hard work both academically and artistically. However, that feeling was short lived when I realized that it was unrealistic for me to attend Pratt, even with scholarships. My family did not receive any money from Fafsa because my parents make about $200,000 per year. I am not entirely sure how Fafsa works, but the fact is that while my parents do make a lot of money on paper there is simply no room for a $70k per year tuition. Most of their money goes to paying off their debt, my sibling's medical bills (very high) and college funds, and my other sibling's college debt and other funds. I know that I am very lucky to have a family who can afford to pay off those important fees, but I can't help but feel upset for being unlucky enough to be born last and miss out on all of the financial help. My parents are in the military and so the GI bill could have been an option for me, but the allotted money went to my other siblings and was used up. Regardless, I wouldn't want my parents to help me pay out of their own pocket since I know they are already under so much financial stress. I am happy they offered which is enough for me to know they were proud of me for making it this far. Yet, the shame and anger I feel towards myself is bigger than whatever pride they have expressed towards me. I worked so hard for four years, getting good grades and a good SAT score. I even did running start (community college for 11 and 12 grade)! I did a lot of extracurricular activities and community service in order to build up a good application yet I still feel like I have failed. For some reason I can't shake the feeling that since I am going to a basic state school because I can't afford my dream school, it means that I didn't work hard enough. I keep telling myself that if I had done even better in school or made a better portfolio maybe they would have given me a better scholarship. It doesn't make sense, but I feel like its my fault that I couldn't find a way to make it work. I have already applied for outside scholarships and am going to continue to apply for them even though its been decided that I am going to a state school. I accepted both schools offers in the hopes that I could muster up some money before I have to pay for tuition, but Its a lost cause. I am not only ashamed of the school I am going to, but am concerned because the only art programs they have are basic fine arts programs (sculpture, painting, drawing, photography). At Pratt, I was going to study animation and hopefully game design too, but now I may not even be able to when I go to the state school. I wouldn't be so upset if I knew that this state school offered decent and versatile art programs that I could make the best of, but oh well. I feel so defeated and have already come to accept that not only do I have to give up my dream school, but also my dream of becoming a game designer. Even now I feel bad for writing this all, I feel like I didn't do enough. I should have researched schools better or found a cheaper art school if they exist. The whole applying for college and choosing a school thing has made my whole 2019-2020 year really hard. It was horrible for my mental health and right now I have gone back to my old bad habits which I thought I had dealt with a long time ago. I want to know if anyone else has felt this way or can tell me that this isn't the end of my dreams. Where do I go from here and what do I do? I don't even know what I am going to study at this state school considering they don't offer any good art degrees.