Hello all, I’m just gonna get straight to the point. All my life my dad was there FOR me but I’m just not sure he knew how. We don’t have those memories like most kids have with they’re dads. As a kid I wasn’t interested in many sports bc he just let me stay in the house all day and never really made me leave, my mom also but she’s not the main focal point of the story. I have maybe a few “good” memories with my dad and the “time” I spent with him is going to and from school, watching tv and occasionally taking me places. It seems as if we’ve never had a relationship. A few years ago, my mother passed and everyone was devastated. My dad took it pretty rough but I was always a mommas boy, so it gave me most of the stress and anger related issues I’ve had today, and I also struggled with depression and contemplated suicide  multiple times. dad tried to get me therapy and it worked for a while, but I’ve recently stopped. I’m trying to be as positive as possible but life is just still hard. I’ve always struggled in school, not because of a learning disability but a genuine disinterest. My best ever grading period was 1st quarter of 6th grade where I had been on an honor roll, but right after the quarter ended my mom died, and my grades were just shit up until now in my freshman year. I haven’t failed a single class and am trying to break a cycle of laziness and genuine disinterest for school, and actually am hoping to do music production. However that’s my problem. During this cycle of not caring my dad pushed me, and yelled at me all the time to do well in school, even though I honestly couldn’t care less. The times I do best in school is when he’s not there to guide me, which he hasn’t been doing this year luckily, being distracted with a new girlfriend he’s been with for months. Not having the stress of him looking over my shoulder every night actually makes me want to do better, when it should be the other way around. The best I’ve ever been is when he’s not around me. And when he’s around me my energy takes a nose dive, and that’s just the thing. He’s a nice person in general, but aside from what I’ve talked about there’s just things about him I can’t stand. His hygiene is in all honesty terrible, (dosent wash his clothes unless someone else does them for him, picks his nose, scratches balls even when guest are over from time to time, dosent clean anything, if any cleaning in the house gets done, me and my sister do it, and he leaves his plates and cups fucking everywhere and dosent clean his room, EVER.) he is very strong minded and won’t try to see anything but his own opinion, and he’s annoying, and very lazy, the other day HE invited family over (4 people) because one of my aunts had chemo therapy and due to Coronavirus with the way her immune system is, she can’t survive most sicknesses, so they needed to go through where we live first to get to another state. So what does he do? Tell us TWO days in advance that we have to clean the whole house, (as in all 3 of us) and did absolutely jack fuck and when I asked him to clean he said “I’m not lazy” and me and my sister ended up doing the whole thing, his brother and sister in law were supposed to sleep in his room, but his was just a fucking mess so me being a decent person thinking “hmm? Maybe I shouldn’t let my aunt and uncle stay in a filthy room that my dad doesn’t want to clean?” Let’s them stay in my room, because it wasn’t much of a problem anyway but just the sheer fact that my father claims he isn’t lazy and dosent clean his room for his own flesh and blood tired off of a 9 hour drive to his house just says a lot about his character, when who isn’t at work, does fuck all. My sister is just as angry with him as I am. He has an annoying personality that other people don’t understand, and acts like a completely different person around other people, and lies about simple shit, and keeps things from us. There’s many other things I can’t really explain or talk about and/or wouldn’t be justified to do so but I just can’t live like this. He makes my life (education) so difficult and it’s stressed me out so much CONSTANTLY, and the best education I’ve gotten was when I focused on myself instead of what he wanted me to do, with bullshit ways to study. His lack of hygiene discusts me, and he constantly forces himself around us and can’t tell when we want him to go away. My sister is 26 right now, and is working, and is moving out soon. I can’t do this by myself. What do I do? I’m sorry that I can’t give more clear ways to explain my situation. Am I justified to have resentment for this man? Am I angry because I want my mother instead of him? I’m literally just so stressed out and honestly when he’s not around me or in my life is when I live it to the fullest. I feel like just because of the nice human being he is, I should try and understand, but I really just can’t do it. I’m sorry if I sound childish at all but he really really stresses me out so much. Help, anyone.