I'm not close to anyone anymore. the other day my friend told me I was gonna have no friends when we go back to school because I dont text anyone. the truth is, I did at the start but they never bothered to text back, or it was always me starting the convo so I gave up. I'm always so sad at night, everything just hits like a truck. even when I've had good days at night I'll still be sad and not be able to sleep. ever since lockdown I've been feeling anxious a lot and I have had multiple panic attacks. I cant get up before 3PM and I dont even want to. I feel like sleeping all day. I'm having trouble with my weight and body, which is another reason I dont want to get out of bed, it means I dont eat. I cant seem to have a regular eating pattern, I havent had one for over 2 years. I hate my body and no matter what i do i cant seem to love it or lose weight. I've had multiple fights with my dad in lockdown too. I feel so overwhelmed all the time all I can do is eat and go on my phone to get that brain dead calm feeling. I'm crying nearly every night. I'm not close to anyone. I miss my friends back in the city i used to live, we moved in August last year. I'm not happy anymore. I'm just not. i hate the fact that I'm bisexual. i have so much internal biphobia and i wish i was straight. i hate myself for it i wish i was straight. i regret coming out. I feel like people judge me all the time. I have no confidence in myself and all I see are the things that are wrong with me. I'm lonely as fuck and theres this hole inside that I cant seem to fill and I just want to feel like I matter to someone. my mental health got so bad a few weeks ago I ended up sleeping with my mum because I couldn't bare being alone. I'm really triggered by any loud sounds or light in the morning (or when I'm waking up) and times where my dad has threatened to open my curtains if I dont get up has led me to having a panic attack. I get anxious if my bedroom door isnt shut. I cant stay in any room if the door isnt shut because I'm uncomfortable with it being open, I need to feel closed off or whatever. I dont even know what's wrong with me. I'm not diagnosed with anything right now but I have a history of self harm low mood and panic attacks, in 2018-2019. I used to be really bad that I saw my doctor weekly as well as going through 3 therapists. none of it helped. and it all stopped when I moved in August 2019. my mental health actually improved but Its gotten so much worse lately. I wish I was feminine but all I can wear are baggy clothes and boyish clothes because I'm so insecure. I want to have a certain style but I cant because I'm so insecure. I hate everything. I hate myself. I have no one to vent to. I hate how talent less I am. i hate how I'm so bad with relationships with anyone. I'm so lost. I'm addicted to my phone at night because I cant bare to sleep without a distraction as I cant fall asleep straight away. i dont know what to do. I havent done any schoolwork either since lockdown and i have gcses (exams) next year (2021) I've had a total of about 7 productive days in lockdown. that's out of over 2 months. I'm a mess and I dont know what to do because I cant explain it to anyone.