She is a genius. I give her credit for pulling of this heist. Seperating her new business(clothing line) from her online persona because she knows the majority of her audience is guys who find her sexy ass attractive but the small percentage are woman and guys with girlfriends who would be willing to buy her clothing. So now that she tapped into that audience and made some revenue off that audience she announces that she is making an Only Fans. Hmmmmmm. Not strange at all even though she is married and a lot of you retards think just because a woman made an only fans means you’re gunna see ass and titties. It literally says on the website “OnlyFans is a very powerful and useful tool for YouTubers, fitness trainers, models, content creators, public figures and influencers. So she took advantage of the fact that the majority of her audience is horny retards based on the comments she gets on her posts and feedback she recieves about her ass and titties and deviced a genius plan with her friends Pkillaah( Priscilla Quiñones) , and Soccer silvia, and the other fatty who introduced pkillaah into to game based on the fact they have the same tip menu, to pretty much make money off of the horny fucks. Her only fans comes out and bam! Just as expected the ants come marching to the honey only for it to be poisoned. She stated she was only going to do this for a month, didn’t reveal much building anticipation claiming she was going to post sexy shit that wouldn’t be like instagram but we know how that turned out. Easy $40K+ and counting and i bet you $1 million dollars she is going to reinvest that money into something she actually cares about like her clothing line. And notice how she named it missrosiesboetique? Its to seperate those pictures from her business. Remember we don’t love des hoes , bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks, and spread this copypasta everywhere to stop these thots from living life in recruit mode and thinking there isn’t any rules to the game. AND VERONICA IF YOU READ THIS GET YO MONEY GIRL BETTER GET YOUR DOUGH THIS AINT FUNNY GIRL YOU FINNA BE BROKE.