I have photos and videos of the kitten nursing. Last night we found the kitten suddenly separated from the queen, this was two hours after it was completely fine (we have photos of it feeding and was completely healthy). We noticed it was breathing extremely slowly with its mouth open gasping for air. We thought there was fluid in its lungs, it was meowing and trying to find a nipple, but it was failing at finding a nipple and it was meowing very strange (almost as if there was fluid in its lungs, it was a garbled meow). We saw a slight tint of red on each side of its mouth, but weren't sure if that was blood from being born. We then very very very very gentle massaged its chest, it moved around but was still gasping for air. We tried the pendulum method where you rock the kitten to try to clear the passage (we took care of supporting its neck). We put it by the mother in hopes it might start getting milk again. We started looking into what options we had left, we were considering the emergency vet because we noticed it was fading. After about 10 minutes, we tried to put it near a nipple just to see it it would feed, and it didn't do much except move around a bit. Then, we noticed blood by the nipple, then looking at the kitten there was blood on its nose. We laid it down and gently tried to wipe the blood away from the nose because we didn't know what happened. Shortly after blood started coming out of its mouth. Its breathing slowed and eventually stopped within the next minute, with more blood coming out of the mouth. What happened? Why did this happen to this previously healthy kitten? I feel terrible about this, I feel like I failed. This all happened within 30 minutes total. Our guess is that the queen crushed the kitten from accident and caused a punctured lung, which led to internal bleeding. We noticed the queen has been quite wreckless with her handling of the kittens, such as laying on them and putting her body weight on them. I actually have video from earlier today of her crushing the kitten that recently passed. I feel so down.