So I was a 13b 2009-2014, my skin burned/ had some crazy reaction during/post firefight in Afghanistan. I med boarded and that skin burn was put “happened in combat zone” but “not in combat” I went through 12 episodes of this skin lesion bullshit, i re-enlisted In Afghanistan and pcs’d to a rapid deployment duty station. They did a biopsy on my skin but couldn’t figure out what caused it, so I couldn’t deploy with my new unit. When they got back, they treated me worse than guys that were pissing hot for herion, guys that went awol etc. I had been to wlc was supposed to be going to the board for e5, but again the skin condition, and doctors kept putting me on prednisone and I would gain 20llbs and would be flagged from promotion. Anyways I finally med boarded. I didn’t even get paid for ddy move when I ets’d. I slept on my moms couch, paid her rent because both my brothers were leaching off of her. My older brother was on herion, and would steal my car, my wallet, even got in a car accident and claimed he was me and got my license suspended. I took over my moms lease of the apartment, so she could move back in with her husband and work things out. I went to jail for beating up my brother when I was blacked out on alcohol and insomnia medication. I provided a roof over my brothers heads for almost two more years. I used most of my G.i. Bill on trade schools. I did hvac because my step dad said it was good money but it wasn’t for me. Also with the skin condition, I’m now allergic to NSAIDS and have chronic pain with the only options of Tylenol or pain pills. I got pretty dependent on pain pills. The PA right before I got out was prescribing me 100 Percocet a week. I don’t take pain medicine anymore (got off them by using suboxone) Anyways I am depressed and lost, and hopeless. I’ve come close to Suicide a few times since I’ve been out. I’ve let a lot out of this because I feel sick in my stomach, idk if anyone ever feels this but it’s a feeling of failure. When I first got out I could see it in family and friends eyes that they were almost afraid of me. So I over compensated with going above and beyond with being nice. I’ve done that for so long it’s became who I am and it’s true nice guys finish last. When I’m not depressed to the point of isolating myself in the house, I go out and do haircuts for the homeless, and give whatever clothes/food anything I can spare. No matter how low I get, I always still try to help. I’m married and have been with my wife since I’ve been out. She’s been my rock, but she’s had to endure my downfall. I’ve recently learned about voc rehab, and it’s gave me some hope. I’m uncertain how I will pay rent on the first. This depression has consumed me. I know there’s help out there but I honestly don’t have the energy to even seek it. I’m finally posting on here so hopefully some of you guys that have maybe been in this position could give some advice. I was the gunner on the first truck in a convoy, we went around a burm and started taking fire from at least three directions, the ground blew up in front of me and I thought my harness was tangled under my vest, causing itchiness and discomfort. When I got back to the cop my skin had these burns and rashes all over. My balls became the size of a loofa. It spread to my face and into my nose. Back at garrison I would be hospitalized for a week, and then I wouldn’t be able to walk for about a month and I had 12 episodes of it. I have a rating of 80% and I recently went to see the VSO to raise my PTSD claim. Any advice or guidance will greatly be appreciated.