This is somewhat of a rant, but I was talked to by our hospital administrator today. She said that she’s been receiving feedback that I’m “overstepping my boundaries” as a technician. I’m a relatively new RVT and I still have a lot of questions and I’m still getting a feel for this clinic and how they handle certain scenarios. Well, Friday we had a euthanasia come in and  I float the room— the dog is elderly, suffering from a bunch of random stuff (irrelevant to story) and has become increasingly aggressive and even bit the owner that morning. Where I am located law dictates the animal shelter in the county the dog lived in has to come and pick the dog up after euthanasia if the dog has bitten someone within the past ten days. So I walk out of the room, the doctor does the whole thing where he reads nothing I wrote in the chart and goes straight in the room. He comes out five minutes later and says to grab the dog, I ask (not completely sure of the situation & wanting to be prepared) “do we have to....” and this man loses his mind and tells me no, to mind my own business, stay in my lane, etc. I brush it off and am like whatever— he didn’t even let me finish my question and there’s always problems when we have to submit an animal for rabies testing and I just wanted to be prepared. Then today the hospital administrator comes in and wants to talk to me and I’m thinking okay good I can talk to her about Friday. And before I say anything SHE lays into me about overstepping boundaries and it’s the dr’s license and blah blah blah. & I’m just like okay?? It’s okay for him to react like that when I’m just trying to learn what to do in new scenarios? Another time this same doctor was in the middle of surgeries. He finished with his first surgery shoved the pack aside and went to move on to the next surgery. I pick up the pack and place everything (including the stapler which had blood on it) in alconox to soak. Five minutes later I’m in the pharmacy and I hear my name called. I walk in the doorway of the surgery suite and he’s yelling at me that he could’ve used that stapler on this surgery and now he has to open a new one because I cleaned up too fast. I didn’t say anything, just apologized and moved on because I hate conflict but like seriously??? You would’ve used a bloody and dirtied stapler on the next pet? That’s almost the equivalent of stabbing a human with a dirty needle. There’s so many more examples of him being just outright unprofessional and rude. I’ve only stuck with this job because I’m moving out of state in 5ish months and can’t be bothered to try to find a different job for 5 months. I feel like I walk on eggshells with this dr and if I don’t do something it will be wrong and if I do what I think I’m supposed to it’s also wrong. He treats the whole staff team the same so I know it’s not just me. It just really got under my skin that I was talked to about him yelling at me unnecessarily and somehow wanting to learn more is inappropriate and out of my job description. Sorry for the super long rant but just wanted to know if anyone can relate?