I started learning violin as a kid but am now picking it back up as an adult after about a decade of not playing. I’m rusty to say the least, which doesn’t bother me so much but seems to be very frustrating for my neighbor...living in an apartment there’s pretty much no way somebody won’t hear me practicing, and since I’m mostly playing scales and exercises I’m sure it sounds annoying and repetitive, and in terms of intonation etc I’m pretty much a beginner again. Because of this I always practice around the same time each evening and most of the time for only a half hour. I also practice in a room that shares the fewest walls with other units and is away from bedrooms etc. I’m actually one of two violinists that live in my building, and there’s also a cellist and a kid learning trumpet so most people are onboard with the idea that people will be practicing, EXCEPT apparently my upstairs neighbor. They’ve never talked to me directly and we’ve only passed each other walking in or out etc but whenever I practice they seem to try every means of telegraphing to me that they’re annoyed that doesn’t involve actually speaking to me or leaving their house. They start stomping on the floor, slamming doors, banging things in their kitchen etc. so much so that it actually becomes very distracting to me. It’s tough to practice when there’s somebody jumping on the floor directly overhead and I can’t believe they’d rather spend a half hour doing this than putting on some music of their own, watching tv or just moving to another room if they don’t want to hear me...I also have no idea of how to address this with them. I thought about leaving them a note asking if there’s a time of day they’d rather I practiced or something, but I work and am in school so the flexibility in my schedule is minimal. And I don’t want to get into an argument over whether I practice at all with somebody who’s opinion might be pretty intractable. I’ve tried playing with a mute to be quieter but I feel like it makes it harder to tell if I’m producing a good sound and it didn’t make much difference to the situation in any case. Anyways, advice or commiserations are welcome. I guess in the worst case I just learn to ignore them. Maybe it will even be mutual.