Hello! I have been teaching for VIPkid since October 2019.  Up until yesterday, I received a total of 65 -  5 apple reviews. My classes, though not completely booked, fill up pretty quickly. I average around 45-50 classes each week.  Now, like most of you (I imagine), probably put up with a lot of shit from students and you struggle to give them positive feedback in the note to the parents, wishing you could tell them their precious child is a terror when they aren't in the room...or just plain, not participating, behavioral problems, you name it... After teaching this boy three times now...in VOICE...ugh, I hate that class and wish I had never been certified to teach it!... this kid just progressively got worse. And by the third time I finally informed his parents that he wasn't paying attention or participating; that he was walking away wanting the class to end and even waved goodbye at around 22 minutes.  I went back to review the previous slides (because I finished all slides with at least 7 minutes to spare) and he kept yelling "NO!"  I knew he wanted class to end.  So..he walked away.  I stayed and kept singing and dancing, looking like an idiot.  His mom came in and saw the class was still in progress and there I was, singing away.  I stayed through until the 25 minutes were up.  So, I gave the feedback and hoped that next time the parents would sit in and try to keep their kid somewhat under control. Nope.  Woke up this morning and saw the dreaded 1 apple...yep, you read it right! ONE apple feedback .  Oh wait...there's more...I also received 2 apple feedbacks from 2 previous classes from the same parents.  They went back and reviewed all three classes I taught and destroyed my apple rating!  Now...I have serious problems with the fact that they were able to go back and give me nasty reviews after having received "constructive criticism" from the most recent class.  There should be a time limit on how long you have to respond with a review before the opportunity expires.  I replayed all three classes.  The first class I taught, I couldn't seen any problems with the way I taught.  The second class, I admit, I was frustrated.  And I may have shown that in my expression a time or two.  But even then...2 apples?  And that first class...no...I didn't deserve a 2 apple review for that one.  It was one of my first VOICE class that I taught and I was as enthusiastic as I possibly could be at 4am.  So...I submitted a review for the first and last class...not sure about the second 2 apple review class, as I saw in the playback, me dozing off...oops!  Funny thing is...they never mentioned that in their review! I just don't want VIPkid to take a close look and notice it. So...what to do...suggestions...comments...ways to cheer me up?  Please let me know...I'm all ears!