Just want to get it off my chest. I've told so few people in my life know and it's this big secret I have to carry around. Being the only one with nothing to share when co-workers and friends (only 2 of those left) talk about their past sex lives and partners is embarrassing and makes me feel pathetic. I'm sure they know I'm virgin which is why I said I've told few people, others figure it out quickly because its not normal. I've never had a girl friend, I have kissed and made out with a girl before but besides my first kiss (4th grade) we were both drunk each time. Three years ago a girl at my last job said she wanted to go out with me and I did. She wasn't really my type but I thought why be picky this is your chance! She came over we hung out got high and once in my room (live with my mom)  I tried to be physical but I couldn't get an erection. I tried to tell myself it was fluke and failed her two more times over the month. I blame my porn addiction and anxiety. It was devastating and I haven't recovered and have felt more worthless ever since. I was starting to be in a good place back then. Still struggling with substance abuse, depression, anxiety, body issues but I was exercising everyday (lost 40lbs over 6months) keeping up with my hygiene, cleaning my room, and eating better. Now I've gained all weight back plus more, back to not showering for days, not cleaning my room for weeks, fast food, watching and masturbating to hours of porn, getting as high and drunk as I can. In the past Valentines Day didn't matter to me but this year its got me really down. I don't even want to lose my virginity I just want someone else besides my mother to tell me they love me, they need me, are happy to see me. I catch myself browsing my feed on this site and if a clip or vid has woman in it and they're talking, laughing, smiling I replay a bunch just to hear her voice, her laugh, I forget what that's like. I work overnight at my new job (all male co-workers) and the only women I interact with are the cashiers.... I'm just rambling at this point. I hope I'll get better and I hope you do as well whoever reads this.