I need to share my story, even though it might sound crazy, I need to share this information because it might be able to help someone. The story I’m about to tell you is kind of unbelievable but I wouldn’t be hear to spew some bs and waste my time or yours. My life has changed because of this. Until recently, I have been a victim of drug addiction and depression for the past 3 years. I lost all hope in redeeming myself and turning over a new leaf. I’ve tried to change many times but I’ve always relapsed and went back to my old ways. About a month ago after going back to the stuff after trying to go sober yet again I lost all hope completely. I didn’t think I could change. My older sister basically forced me to go to one of those narcotics anon meetings about twice a week. There I met a man who I will not name (for obvious reasons) who I started talking to after my third time going to the meetings one night. He struck up a conversation with me in the parking lot with me which I thought was kind of odd but I engaged in the small talk nevertheless, I told him my story basically and he told me flat out that he’s been sober for 6 months now, which I found odd since he’s still going to these meetings so I asked why he still comes and he told me something that was nothing short of what you would say to fuck with someones head, which made me angry as I felt like he was just toying with me, what he shared with me is why I’m here putting it out there now. He was in my shoes, hell even worse and that’s saying something. There’s no way to put this without sounding crazy so I’ll just say what he said. He told when he finally lost hope he was deeper in the darkness then ever, on a coke binge he was walking through ocean lakes one night after leaving a friends house one night after a long coke binge, he saw a jogger coming his way on the sidewalk. When he got close the jogger stopped dead in his tracks and just stood and looked at him, he told me that at the time he was the type of guy to take this in a threatening way but for some reason he felt as though the man wanted to help him, after standing his ground and a few moments of silence he asked him if he could help, he told me that he didn’t know why he asked him that but it just felt right for some reason. The jogger then said what if I can? He went on to tell me that he started crying, for no reason. He went on to tell the jogger how drugs has ruined his life and told the jogger everything that was wrong with him. In that moment the jogger gave him advice he has never heard before. He didn’t tell me what he said but he told me that just the way the young jogger articulates his sentences was something he has never heard before. After hearing his advice he told me that he had a life revelation that pushed him to get sober for good and he completely changed his life. This ex addict shared this with me hoping I would find the same young jogger, I thought this was utterly stupid and bullshit but I had nothing left to try at this point. So I took his advice. It took me 2 days of driving around ol right when it got dark to about 11. But on that second night I saw a jogger. Looked how he described him to me. About 6ft, lanky white guy in sweats. Thought it would be crazy to just approach a stranger but fuck it at this point right? So I did. To my surprise he was not spooked by me, almost like he was expecting me, like he was out here to do this. (Parked my car up the street in the direction he was running before approaching him) I asked if he could help, feeling more stupid then I ever thought possible, he gave the same response, I shit you not he “said what if can?” I couldn’t believe it. But I told him my problems, he responded and for some reason my life has never been the same. Something about that young man, idk what it is, not old enough to be wise about life or anything, but what he said worked. I don’t know why but it just did. I don’t know if I’m the first to bring this up but if he could of helped me then he can help anyone, he said he runs almost every night. If you have lost hope I urge you to find him, I seriously do. Thanks to him I got my girlfriend back, a new job, I’m sober. Shit like this belongs in a stupid internet story but I urge you to believe me because if I can be helped by him, and I’m serious when I say this, anyone can. The first words out of your mouth have to be “can you help?” If he respond “what if can?” That’s it. You did it. You found him. You know what to do from here. He jogs in ocean lakes. Honestly I wouldn’t be to shocked if I found out he wasn’t just some young man on a run, like it’s his purpose to help. Believe me or not but if you have lost all hope why not try? What do you have to lose? Im doing better now and I felt as though if I shared this I could help someone too. He can help. Find him if you need him. Just try.