Hi, I’m a 20 yr old Female, Asian with dark hair. I’m going to start this with I am not the best at English, so please understand. I know I shouldn’t be on reddit rn. My life has been pretty shit and I am in desperate need of money. I just lost my part time job as I had a disagreement with my boss which I’m not going to get into. I have things I need to get asap and having to still live with my family, i am also part of their problems. (If that makes sense) my family is in debt and I have been doing whatever it takes to help with the debt, but having only a part-time job wasn’t enough as you can tell. I have been constantly thinking of going down this road numerous times and I never did because we would always figure things out before I even had the chance to decide. This time is a bit different and I am in actual desperation, having no other choice but to do this.
I have dated a few times (barely) before and being brought up in to a strict asian family, I never even had my first kiss, My first cuddle. Never. I’ve been always told to keep myself to the person I know I am going to marry. To talk about look-wise. It feels a bit narcissistic to rate myself and describe whatever I think I look. I have co-workers hitting on me constantly, men or female. I would be walking around in public and almost every time i go out, I’m always told by strangers I look very pretty. (I live in Canada, this isn’t considered creepy on our end as long as they leave you alone afterwards lol) I am pretty short, skinny and I’m on the paler side. I dont wanna reveal my height and weight here cause I’m terrified someone I know casually scrolling through reddit sees this and might get an idea. Anyways. As terrifying this decision is, I’ve got no choice. I spent days thinking about this and I learned to accept this is what I need to do to help myself, and my family asap. They say, some times you gotta do what you gotta do.
I also don’t use reddit often so I’m not sure how this works. Its worth the shot so i guess message me? Thank you so much for reading.