So a little back story about my parents, my father in particular who we will just call EF for short and my mother who we will call enabling mother ( because she is sweet and I love her to death ) but either through years of my Ef's brainwashing or being scared to leave Ef for fear of being alone she has become the worst kind of enabler. Choosing subconsciously or not to turn a blind eye to Ef's acts. They got together when I was very young like age 3 or less and a series of events unfolded that unfortunately we don't have time to get into here. The long and short of that story is that my birth name was changed. Mostly in an attempt to keep me hidden from my biological father. Again that's another story entirely but some of you may already be noticing the general sense of entitlement. So fast forward a few odd years to around the time I turned 15. By now I had already become aware of my biological father but I didn't say anything hoping EF and enabling mother we're just waiting to tell me until I reached a certain age or something along those lines. Also it's worth mentioning that around the time I turned 13 my EF made the decision for my entire family to convert to a very unorthodox religion. In this religion the hierarchy follows as such. God, EF, enabling mother, children. This will become important to the story later! Okay now that that is all out of the way it's time to get to the meat and potatoes of the story. Grab some popcorn and a drink this may be a long one. So growing up EF always had musical instruments around the house. He was an 80's guy and from as early as I could remember there was always music involved in everything so naturally I grew and affinity for it. The first time I recall ever wanting to play or perform in front of anyone was my 5th grade talent show! I had been practicing for months to play a very simple 3 chord song. I was a very socially awkward and shy child mostly due to being pulled in and out of public school up until this point. I didn't have very many friends and the ones I did I had told I was planning to play guitar for the talent show. I guess somewhere in my 5th grade brain I was hoping being the only kid in the school who knew how to play guitar would somehow boost my popularity and maybe I would finally have more friends and be treated normally versus being the weird awkward homeschool kid. The week before the talent show EF forbid me from performing in the talent show saying " you are not good enough and you won't do anything but embarrass yourself ". Being in 5th grade I didn't get a say in the matter and this is the pattern that would continue for the rest of the time I spent with EF. Now granted had I performed in the talent show it probably wouldn't have gone as I would have liked it to but still it was a fifth grade talent show. To this day I don't really know what EF was expecting out of a bunch of 5th grade kids to do. Just being able to play a musical instrument at all with any level of proficiency should have been enough. But alas my dreams of playing in front of my friends was shattered. This caused me to put down the guitar for a year. Even though I loved playing it having EF who at the time was a much better musician then I tell me I wasn't good enough killed my passion. Fast forward a little bit and eventually I decided to pick it up again. I had grown a little which meant my fingers and hands had a easier time gripping and playing the guitar. Also improving my hand eye coordination seem to have help tremendously. So I set out on what seemed to be an impossible task. I wanted to learn how to play a very intricate piece of music the EF would like. Something that had that 80s feel. Over the course of a couple months I came to learn that despite what EF told me I was very musically inclined. I'm not claiming to have perfect pitch or able to see music as colors or anything crazy like that but it just seemed to click. Maybe it was because there was just always music around me 24/7 but for whatever reason music just made sense. Of course there was still the physical aspect of learning the techniques to produce the desired sounds but once I had those down every thing else came out of know where. So needless to say I learned the song and EF was very proud of me for being able to play something that complex at such a young age. It is honestly the first time I can remember the man who I knew was my father being proud of me. It was a very good feeling. Little did I know EF was about to jump on the opportunity. It wasn't long after that EF wanted me to take my new found talent out into the world and make money. First we started by trying to find a band or group I could join. Now keep in mind I was 15 and homeschool so the prospect of being in a band and having friends and possibly even making a little bit of money on the side was very exciting. EF has a way with words and has no trouble making you believe he is only doing what is best for you. Unfortunately that idea never panned out and being young and still going through puberty my voice was not the best. I tried to sing but with my voice being shaky and constantly breaking on the higher notes it just wasn't something I felt would work. Eventually we did find a female singer to accompany me so I could focus on learning and playing songs and she could focus on singing. We practiced a number of times got a set list together and finally secured our first paying gig. All was well in the world! Until the day before our first show she decided to pull out. Leaving me with a 3 hour long show to fill by myself. In a scramble I put together all of the instrumental pieces I managed to learn and the few handful of songs I knew the lyrics to and could manage the sing just well enough as to not run the customers that were there to eat and enjoy music off. To my and EF surprise I actually managed to pull it off somewhat decently. However when the owner of the establishment came over during my set to talk to EF I was sure he was asking me not to come back. You can imagine my surprise when I was given a bi weekly spot. Sure that may not sound like a lot but to a 15 year old kid that may have been the single most awesome moment in my life up to that date. To think I was good enough to be offered a paying gig every other week was amazing!!! However again EF wanted to capitalize on this opportunity. So a handshake deal was made that night between EF and I. He would front the money to get me better equipment as I was using a cheap acoustic guitar given to me by my grandfather a very bad Mic and one of EF amps at the time. He also agreed to handle any sort of marketing or publicity and as I had just recently turned 15 I still needed a way to get to the gigs. EF was to do all of that in return for one paying him back for whatever he spent on equipment for me to use and a certain percentage of whatever I made playing out. Being young and not fully understanding the kind of person EF was at the time I agreed. Over the next couple years I went from playing a show every other week to performing out anywhere between two and four times a week. By the time I was sixteen it had become a full-time job after my schooling my usual day would consist of learning new songs making YouTube videos scheduling gigs and trying to keep up with all of the new music that came out to try and find what would be the next big song to add to my set. I had amassed a list of songs 500 strong to pull from at any given point for any given reason during a set. I had everything from the sixties to what was currently on the radio ready to go at the drop of a hat. By now my voice had strengthened and I had found what singers commonly referred to as your true voice which for me ended up being a a very unique mix of old school blues and a very 90s alternative sound. Anything with a little more growl or grit seem to fit my natural voice well. Especially after my voice finally dropped and stop being so shaky. Plus playing out on average at least two times a week for 3 hours straight is a really good vocal exercise. I had also picked up a handful of other instruments and talents that I could add to my show piano, hand drums and beatboxing were the the most prevalent. Combine that with a loop pedal and good knowledge of how to effectively add and use computers to my ever growing arsenal of items and the possibilities were endless. My musical technicality and my young age put me in a very novel spot in my local scene. However that is not to say that everything was going great. Once I really started gaining traction EF started hand-picking the songs that I could learn and perform. When I did learn a song off of EF list and managed to squeeze it into my set I was often chastised for it. Being told that no one knows that song or no one cares about it or that I did it terribly even going so far as to forbid me from playing certain songs that EF didn't like for whatever his reason may have been. Also there were issues with our original agreement. While he technically kept up his end buying me whatever equipment I would need as I began playing more and more having more shows a week and bringing in more money it wasn't really necessary for him to buy equipment for me anymore and what he did buy me I already had paid off three or four times over. But that did not stop him from taking all of the money that I would make. Saying things like it was my obligation to the family to help put. Or trying to use my mother or little brothers to guilt me. Often saying things like how it was selfish for me to want to keep any of the money for myself when it would mean we wouldn't eat or our power and water would be cut off. Now just for clarification I was never against helping out my family when it was needed. I wasn't trying to be selfish expecting something for nothing. Enabling mother has a very good job and even then we were by no means poor. I wouldn't go as far to say we were wealthy but we were well off even without my help however I learned from a young age there was no use arguing with EF. Especially since he converted the family to his unorthodox religion where he was ultimately the head of the household and final say on all matters. He refused to allow me to get my driver's license simply because his best defense anytime we would argue about a song I wanted to play or bringing up the fact I had fulfilled my obligations and didn't have to give him any more money was since he would not allow me to drive or own a car he would just simply refuse to take me to my gigs. He would threaten ruining my reputation in the local community so I wouldn't have any more gigs. Also I just want to add that I never demand it or even ask to keep 100% of what I made. Like I said I was always willing to help out when it was needed. This went on for the next few years I didn't argue it too much because for better or worse EF was really good with people which obviously meant I got a lot more opportunities then had I done everything on my own still though I don't feel like that excuses any of his behavior. It all came to a head just before I turned 19. Even as much as I love playing music and performing being crushed under EF's demands for so long has taken its toll and I began looking for a way out. When I told him I wanted to start keeping a percentage of what I made so I could save and afford to pay for my own University tuition all hell broke loose. See up until this point in this story I have just barely touched on all of the emotional and psychological trauma EF had placed on me. If I were to go into that this story would be much longer but in an effort to save time I have only mentioned the parts that are necessary to get a basic understanding of the story and EF. But as I said all hell broke loose and slowly I started playing music less and less I feel as though my passion had died. I knew that music wasn't going to be a lifelong job for me so I applied to University for pre-med for the last eight months of living with EF I was still playing shows. I had just cut down to the places I enjoyed playing the most. Either for myself my fan base or the cute girl at the bar. In addition I also took on two full-time jobs to try and save enough money to buy myself a car and manage to have a little saved up for University because there was no way I was ever going to see any of the money I made playing music. After a lot of intense screaming yelling putting my hand through a wall and a lot more psychological abuse I managed to finally move out. When I finally did manage to escape I was not allowed to take any of the gear I had bought and paid for because according to my EF I was not good enough to have any of it. Unfortunately the story of my EF does not end there but that is a completely separate story for another thread. The TL DR up until this point is that I am doing well. I have not played a show or even barely picked up a musical instrument since I left home. As much as I love it and have a desire to play there's also a lot of trauma that goes along with my talent. I am currently in counseling trying to sort through all of the emotional and psychological trauma I have from EF. But in the time that I have been away from him I have managed to decide on a career path, I've met my fiance, and for the first time in my life I feel like I'm able to make my own decisions. I've also been throwing around the idea of going and buying some basic gear and playing out live again. but neither I or my therapist think that I'm ready for that. But yeah just doing some quick math I was averaging 2 shows a week in the slow season at $150 base price per night for 3 to 4 hours. That is just your standard pub bar fee without making any special accommodations or playing any special venues. That comes out to about 300 a week or 1200 a month. Times that by 12 and you have somewhere in the ballpark of 14k and then times that by the three to four years I was playing out and that comes to about $35k. And that is before any kind of tips and not figuring in the better seasons like spring or summer when I would have upwards to four or five shows a week in tourist locations. So yeah that's at least $35k I'll never get to see.