Hi everyone I don’t know how well this fits in compared to other people’s stories so I hope this is the right place to post it. Context my dad is a extreme alcoholic and has a very rude angry and abusive personality. This happened to my older brother but at the same time also happened to me. A long time ago almost 10 years ago my dad got into a car accident because the person in front of him was going slow he got mad and went in front of him. Then being the petty jerk that he is he stopped his car right in front of the person. They got into a serious accident. That unfortunately left the man he stopped in front of paralyzed after the accident. And my brother got off with a few bruises. My dad got off from the accident saying the other man did that and he had absolutely nothing to do with it. In case anyone is wandering he is very manipulative. So this happened 10 years ago but my dad started doing similar things with me. Every time I saw him drink and drive I’d write the time down in a notebook and take a picture of the alcohol. It got to the point where I had almost 50 pictures of him drinking and driving/ drinking before driving. But I didn’t do anything until another incident happened. Where my dad hurt my wrist. If anyone wants me to I can post that story at another time. But anyway I showed the pictures of my injured wrist wrote it down as well. And went straight to my mom we decided to get back at him for all he did to me. A few months later it was taken to court. We charged him for everything he did to me over the last few years like harassment child abuse and many many more things. But to make this even better the man in the first accident came forward and also pressed charges. In the end he had to go to jail for 1 year go to rehab for 5 months and pay huge fines for everything he put us through. To add salt to the wound he also got fired from his job which I’m not gonna say for privacy reasons but I’m so glad he was finally punished for all he put me and my family through.