I come home after a long day of work and she would be there to greet me, she tell me that she's so happy to see me and that I worked really hard today. She would take me into my room where she would have dinner prepared. A bowl of handcrafted luxury ramen for the both of us, we'd talk about the day both of us had laugh and eat the ramen As We lay back and relax on the bed. After that we'd watch the few episodes of anime while snuggling as I fluff her tail. Me being the big Spoon makes her feel safe and she really enjoys the tail fluffing as we laugh at the absurdity of a good anime like JoJo's bizarre adventure. Both of us then crack open a bottle okolehao Hawaiian whiskey and have a glass (which by the way she drinks in the show a few times) the two of us now drunk get under the covers as I start tearing up a little telling her how grateful I am to have a woman like her who won't abandon me, she wipes my tears and tells me that she'll be here no matter what happened and that there's nobody else in the world she'd rather support. I hug her and tell her I will give my entire life to her and nobody else, that I want to marry her and start a family. She then whispers in my ear that she already considers herself my wife it just isn't formalized yet. I require a little into myself, blushing hidden by the alcohol that turn my face just a little red. She would then lean and again and whisper in my ears under the covers as your wife I have my duties to fullfill you hard-working boy. Am now flustered telling her that we should wait for the ceremony. She tells me tis just a ceremony the heart is what really matters, she looks me in the eyes and asks will you take me as your wife for all eternity? I respond with yes of course I love you, she cracks a smug smile and scrambles towards my lower body placing her tail and ass in my face. She tells me that she can't wait anymore and that's she'll only service me for now and kids can come later. She rips open my pants and starts rubbing my rod all over her face, I start fluffing her tail and her body quivers as I work my way up to the base of the tail. She starts licking the popsicle 1st in short quick strokes, then long sloppy strokes and she praises my massive rod. I start massaging her ass and she decides to start sucking the tip of the cucumber, I let out manly moans telling her she only has to do this if she really wants to. She responds by telling me she's never wanted to do anything more. By this point she is so wet it stains our pajamas, she starts deepthroating the carrot and I go into full euphoria, I'm amazed she can fit all 7 inchs down her throat, she picks up speed in and out in and out in and out. You can hear her moan between the cycles as I pleasure her canyon. And unison we both let out one final as I come buckets down her throat and she overflows with white rapids in my hand. She departs from my international space station and swallows every last drop. She comes back up to slowly struggling to make her way up to the eye level as waves of orgasms wash over her. She looks me in the eye tells me thank you for the meal, but more importantly thank you for the love. I smile and I tell her I wouldn't have it any other way, the two of us nuggle and drift off to sleep as I hold her in my big arms Tail and all, the last thing I hear before drifting off is I love you Mofufu;)