So I’ve been working at Walgreens for very close to a year now and today I encountered probably the worst customer I’ve ever had. He had come to buy an Xbox card for his son and was perfectly pleasant during the transaction. I handed him the receipt with the activation one obviously aswell and he went on his way. About 30 minutes later he comes up to me at my register and begins yelling that I never activated his card. After first explaining that the registers do it automatically and that I had also handed him the receipt that proves it was activated, he demanded to speak to my manager. When she arrived he began acting really nice again, with what I would consider one of the nicest interactions I’ve seen in my store. My manager goes back to check his transaction on our computers and as soon as she’s gone, he starts yelling at me again. I once again explain how our register handles our cards and he tells me to stop being a smartass and how I need to watch my mouth. He also pulls a “Whatever happened to the customer is always right, f*ck this place!” And threatens to tell my manager about my attitude. He also tried telling me how Im supposed to sell gift cards, which isn’t how our registers work, obviously. Manager comes back up after I believe she called to have the original card voided and she’s able to sell him a new one. The customer goes back to being kind, looking at me and smiling, having gotten pleasure out of verbally harassing a 17 year old cashier. Keeps telling me and my manager how he didn’t want to be a burden, and tries giving me a fist bump on his way out. I would’ve been fine if he was yelling simply out of anger, but the fact that he was enjoying it and was hiding it from my manager really irritates me. Had I made a mistake of not handing him a receipt, which I always make sure giftcard buyers take, I would’ve gladly accepted my wrongdoing, but him having issues with an Xbox card after my register says it activated, with proof of a receipt, is not in my control, and definitely not worthy of a response like his. I like my job, but some people make it difficult, lol.