I started Robinhood awhile ago and been using them even though a lot of people have been warning not to use them. I didn't listen and now I regret it. The problem started when I was depositing my fund into my  Robinhood account and trying to cancel the deposit. I initiate the deposit and right after I sent them an email to cancel my deposit because I had to take money out of my bank account. I didn't use any of my money in Robinhood either. They completely ignore my cancellation email for my deposit and after 3 or 4 days they initiated the transfer anyways and they put my fund on restriction on purchase and withdrawal. Now my 14k is stuck in Robinhood for more than a month. I  emailed them 20 times asking them to lift up restriction so I can delete the account and it takes SEVERAL DAYS TO GET REPLY OR THEY JUST IGNORE IT. THEY DON'T EVEN HAVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT REP THAT COULD TALK ON THE PHONE.  They are handling thousands of dollars of people's money and they don't even have a phone number that could reach them. They told me to deposit another 1500 dollars if I want to lift up the restriction if I want my money back. Now I have completed my 1500 dollar transfer I don't hear from them for days. Is this even legal? holding my fund hostage and giving back to me for more than a month when I don't even owe them anything? Worst customer service ever just threatening to terminate my account over and over and when I told them to terminate my account they just told me to transfer more funds into Robinhood over and over. I'm so sick of this platform. They are an investment platform that handles your money but they won't even speak to you on the phone. Please if you're considering investment platform, do yourself a favor and use an investment platform that actually has a customer representative that will talk to you on the phone. This platform has the worst customer service and there are many other people that experienced Robinhood holding their fund hostage and keeping them for months. Is there any way I could sue Robinhood for holding my money for months when I don't even owe them any money? ROBINHOOD WILL KEEP YOUR MONEY AS HOSTAGE FOR MONTHS AND THEY WON'T EVEN TALK TO YOU ON THE PHONE TO RESOLVE THIS PROBLEM. KEEP YOURSELF OUT OF THIS SHIT PLATFORM.