Hey old and new tennos alike. I'm a MR 20 sorta veteran since I stopped caring about MR after that with a couple thousand hours invested in and lord knows how much money XD. Anyway last few years I been really not playing as much since been busy with other games like Monster Hunter World, Destiny 2 and even Borderlands 3 since it released recently. It's obvious I like the looter genre and want it to flourish unlike the mess that was anthem. Of all the games and the many 1000s of hours invested in them (I have no life outside of games ngl), Iceborne release really made me think back to the pinnacle of Warframe which to be was during the second dream. The DE Devs are amazing ppl I'm sure but in recent years, I don't see them having that creative spark or even deliver on their word but that's not what I'm here to talk about, I'm sure you guys have heard that from many veterans. However, what I would  like DE to do is to look at monster Hunter Devs and probably learn their approach in doing things cuz let's be honest, a two decades old franchise which has so much refinement and polish in almost every mechanic and actual love and heart poured into their work. Like the game or not, iceborne is a lesson to all Devs out there in how to get an expansion right.  DE lost that somewhere along the way, I really hope they find it again and really refine and revamp their game from the ground up instead of it being a mis mash of half baked ideas that never saw their full potential, and then abandoned for years. I really think they could use external help on this as I don't think current management knows what direction they wanna go or even what technologies to use since they still are not able to incorporate cross save. I'm not throwing shade at anybody and not one of those who complain about content drought, in fact I rather they refine/revamp older systems and modes instead of adding new ones. Just saying that DE needs help, they lost the vision and ambition they used to have back then no matter what they say on the streams, we are not stupid and some of us see through their false hopes. They could really consult a more experienced and larger studio for guidance, and that's just MY opinion and 2 cents on the issue.