I think it’s Sol. Sol joined Skyclan to become a warrior, which is how he learned clan customs and the warrior code. He breaks the warrior code multiple times by stealing prey from foxes and then stealing Leafstars kits and “finding them”. Leafstar ends up exiling him for this, and Sol now hates the clans for not giving him a chance. While he was living with Skyclan Sol learned about the other clans and sets off to get his revenge. We first meet Sol in Eclipse, and he comes to Thunderclan where he warns them of the eclipse. After the eclipse, he goes to Shadowclan and manipulates Blackstar into revoking the warrior code and to stop believing in Starclan. This shows that Sol hates the warrior code and everything it stands for. He is also quoted saying,” The warrior code! Belief in Starclan! I can’t see why you cats think all that is so important!” This quote shows Sols rage with the clans for not being fooled by his manipulation and being seen for exactly what he is. Sol hates the warrior code and he hates Starclan, and he hates the clans. His goal is to destroy the clans and he tries to do that more than once through manipulation inside the clans. We see Sol again in Sunrise after Ashfur is murdered where Thunderclan suspects he was the one who did it. Sol is taken back to Thunderclan by a patrol but ends up manipulating Lionblaze into helping him escape. Lionblaze, Jayfeather, and Hollyleaf then meet Sol at the abandoned Twoleg nest outside Shadowclan territory where he tries to manipulate them into using their powers to take over the clans. He is quoted saying.” That’s what absolute power is! Controlling every cat by the lake!” Sol wants control, his drive is to control cats through manipulation. We last see Sol when he manipulated Windclan into attacking Thunderclan in the tunnels and Hollyleaf chases him off. After that, we don’t know what happened to Sol. But what if, he died? We see in Squirrelflights Hope and the prologue of VOS that cats can choose not to move on and live as spirits. Sol has unfinished business with the clans and sees Bramblestar is sick and dying and knows Starclan is silent. He takes advantage of Shadowpaw who is young and naive and manipulated him into indirectly killing Bramblestar. Sol then possesses Bramblestar and starts “enforcing” the warrior code. When in reality, he’s not. He’s bending it to his advantage. He breaks the code when he decides elders no longer eat first and again when he appoints Berrynose deputy even though he’s never had an apprentice. He manipulates Thunderclan and evening exiles Lionblaze and Jayfeather because he hates them for not falling for his manipulation. Sols goal is to control every cat in the clans and what better way to do that then to pose as a respected leader and take advantage of the code and Starclans silence?