 I've been trying to create a QQ account for a while now to no avail and have now turned to reddit for support i guess, anyway heres the story. I had heard about this ftp Chinese exclusive "call of duty online" and looked into some gameplay. Gameplay was good so I find a youtube guide on how to get it. Step 1: Create a QQ account "Sounds simple enough" I thought to myself but I would soon learn that this was not such an easy task. So I go to the QQ registration page, put in a username and password followed by a phone number and then i hit the button to send an sms verification code and it gives me this message "Your mobile phone number may have security risks tested by our system. Please change a new mobile phone number to register QQ account." so I do as the message tells me and use a different number. Still does not work. So, google search time. I open a new tab looking for any others who have even known the struggle that is creating a QQ account overseas and after about 30 minutes of looking at what ranges from youtube guides in Swahili to PAGES of completely useless information I piece together all ive found and find that using a temporary Chinese phone number might work i find just that then head back to the QQ website only this time when i press the sms button i get this message as a result "Sorry, server is busy. Please try again later" so I wait a day and get this message still. Back to google I say and do just that. Over those days of troubleshooting ive tried using a vpn, using tor, trying to create through the mobile apps on both android and apple, setting my locale location and time to china, ive sent the QQ support an email and tried numerous different browsers, Hell ive even tried numerous combinations of these techniques too. ALL TO NO AVAIL. Seriously ive been at this for 6 days now and im about to just start buying accounts from people who claim to be selling them and i really do not want to resort to that so please. Someone, anyone. please save me from the flaming hellfire that is QQ. What im asking for is any help whatsoever or even better if someone could just make me an account. I genuinely dont know the reason this is SO complicated it really just seems as simple as making a google account but no this is NOT THE CASE. help. please. P.S. yes this is the same post as the one on r/China i just really need to get help with this asap.