This isn’t my story and I guess I don’t really know the couple very well, but it still happened and I would like to share. Keep in mind I believe I was about 10 years old at the time this happened so details are really fuzzy. But I saw a post about proposing at somebody else’s wedding and how tacky it was so I decided I’d share. So I was a kid, and I was at my cousins wedding. The wedding was in Mexico, and a lot of money and time has been spent into this wedding. Like most weddings. I remember There being a little ceremony before the actual ceremony. In this little tiny ceremony, people were signing marriage certificates and witness certificates and what not. I remember sitting down and I remember the couple in front of me being overly obnoxious with PDA. Now keep in mind, I was 10 years old, so maybe they didn’t kiss as much as I remember. But I definitely remember them kissing a lot. Not full on making out, but still giving themselves some attention. This couple was not part of the ceremony or wedding party at all, they were just guests. Then later on at the reception, the man gets on stage and proposes to his fiancée and she says yes. I remember she had tears in her eyes and could barely say yes because she was so happy. I don’t really remember everybody else is reactions, but I do remember my mom telling my aunt (my aunt was the mother of the groom, meaning she spent a ton of money on the wedding) “what a nice surprise “ To which my aunt responded, “what surprise? They’ve already set up their venue”. It turns out that this couple was already engaged, had already picked out a date/venue And they literally just proposed at the wedding just to get some attention on themselves. Her tears and acting surprised we’re all a lie. I don’t know who this couple is and it was literally almost 20 years ago so I’m definitely not gonna ask my cousin now LOL but I can’t imagine being such an attention seeker that you not only propose at somebody else’s wedding, but that you fake propose at somebody else’s wedding when you’re already engaged. You literally already had your engagement moment why would you take someone else’s moment away further? SMH some people