I feel as if Methadone, Suboxone, and other methods are frowned upon, because of substitution.. Which I understand.. but you also need to understand that not everyone can just stop cold turkey.. some people need assistance to get the job done.. and I’m here to tell you that it’s okay to need help.. It’s okay to ask for help.. and it’s perfectly okay to be receiving help.. I will be judged for the rest of my life and that’s ok.. but I’m still here... I’m still alive.. and I’m still fighting. 12-28-17 was my first official clean urine, or  free from heroin. I plan to keep it that way, I lost my best friend to heroin, I lost my job, I lost the love of my life, All of my non using friends stopped talking to me (which I completely understand bc I burned the bridges) I lost my car, I fucking flat out lost EVERYTHING.... and nearly lost my own life numerous times.. Please I’m begging you all... Share your stories.... You could seriously save a life... I’m here to beak the stigma of Methadone and other methods of breaking addiction being a bad thing... Idc if you think they’re bad things... I stopped stealing to get high... and stopped using my arms, hands, and anywhere to hit a vein as being pincushions. My tracks are gone, I’m no longer dope sick, Im no longer in and out of jail... I’m no longer 95 lbs wearing long sleeves in the summer..  I signed myself out of rehab when my mom forced me into it the first time (I wasn’t ready) I finally was released from probation last month... and again since 12-28-17 i’ve been finally free from the evil drug known as “heroin”. After wrecking my vehicle on the way home from scoring some dope, and was cut out of the car with the jaws of life.. Sitting helpless in a helicopter lift... Eventually in the hospital for broken back, broken ribs, and lacerated spleen, The nurses found my drugs under my balls after they cut my pants off. Eventually one came to talk to me about trying methadone.. And honestly that’s when I finally decided I was done... After 2 weeks in the hospital I was finally able to go home. I was sick as hell went and scored one more time to have something for the weekend, and went to a methadone clinic that Monday. I’ve been with the program ever sense, between the treatment and counseling... These nurses, doctors, and medicine... have saved my life and made it so I can function as a normal human being. Guess methadone isn’t all so bad huh?