Sunday night my 16 year old daughter got pulled over in a small town in Georgia for running a stop sign. She had weed in the car. They smelled it, asked her about it and she immediately handed it over. Then they proceed to give her a sobriety test. 3 more police cars pull up and they are basically making fun of her- saying oh you got ripped off that’s not that much weed (they happened to be incorrect but that’s beside the point, I’m kind of glad they didn’t realize how much it was but amazed by their stupidity as police officers) told her that she is basically the same as a crack addict and if she keeps smoking weed she is going to die, it is going to kill her. They let me come and pick her up (thank God bc she was on my car and it could have been impounded). When I arrived they asked me if I was high (wtf?) and told me she is lucky to be alive because people are putting chemicals in marijuana and there have been kids dying, several cases of this, at local high schools. Now, if this is the case I believe the media has grossly underreported it. The whole thing just irritates me to be honest. First of all, why are people of authority still, in the year 2020, lying about the effects of marijuana? I hate that they made her feel like shit and like a common criminal. She is an honor student, has straight As and has every intention of making it to med school. I feel that there is a hell of a lot worse she could be doing then smoking a little weed on the weekend w some friends, in our own back yard, and then laughing and eating Doritos. Pretty innocent. I’m glad she’s not out driving drunk. I’m glad she is absolutely disgusted with the idea of ever smoking crack. I am very glad that she is so smart and works so hard at school. I feel that if we didn’t live in a small, oppressive town in the south the police may have acted more professionally. I just don’t understand how in this day and age there are still people out there who think weed can kill you and lump it in to the same category as crack and meth. Yes, my daughter is being held accountable for her actions. Her dad gave her absolute hell for it. It’s just hard for me to wrap my brain around how far behind we are than much of the country. (For example: gay marriage was made legal and courthouses have now decided not do marriages at all because it is the only way around violating their religious views.) I think the only thing my daughter did wrong was run a damn stop sign, in a small southern town, where weed is still very much illegal. That was dumb and she really needs to drive more carefully.