I had made a post earlier on my method of eating edibles ONCE a week. Tomorrow is my day fellas. Each Friday or Saturday. I can't on the weekend because I will be home with parents and sister and want to relax and enjoy sobriety around em. I feel I need a destressor because a debt collection agency took money TWICE from my bank account. I felt real frustrated and it really got to me. I want to show the man by getting blasted and forgetting my money problems for a bit. Now, wasting money on weed will maybe cause some regrets. I spent 20 on edibles last week;however, I really wanted to get fucked this [week.So](https://week.So), here's whats on the menu a 100 mg coconut oil for $10, savory pretzels at 50 mg for $16, thc infused honey packets for $20, ramen beef 100 mg for $20, a chocolate bar 100 mg for $20, brownie pops for $16 at 100 mg, and I want to know why some products are cheaper than others granted they are all at 100 mg's. I feel like getting the cheap stuff . What yall think of a $40 budget and see how much I can grab with choosing quantity of stuff. I wanted to reach 250 mg this time fellas. I am some kind of freak boys with my own experiences and my own life ( being paranoid countless times and in the worst scenarios) my minds developed some kind of immunity. Last edibles I popped seems like years ago ran at a whopping 500 mg. My highs have been good now. I am communicative, not as closed, and whatever experiences I had that were the worst highs have been replaced by these new memories. Incredible stuff boys how the brain can change, adapt,and grow. I also have $8 in reward points btw. So, in two weeks I would have spent $60. Now, I am talking about the past version of me that would spend up to $150 in two weeks maybe more at times. I drastically cut down and plus I don't smoke my bud anymore. I eat it now, and only smoking on 4/20. Basically, even in the past I'd blow through concentrated and oils for around $65 to $70 and this was just per week. Even with full gram carts i'd blow through more than $100 in the same time as of now. I guess I answered my own post. I did cut back in spending. I don't feel regrets. I do deserve this day. SO, what should I get with a $48 budget?