This is kinda a question as to why this happened and what this was, but back when i first started smoking a few years back, and back then it was like 2 joints a week tops because i was like brand new to it. Now the question is Savage Sticks a real brand? Because what it caused later was not something that normally happens by weed. So basically, me and my homie was chillin, and i wasn't expecting to smoke at all. I get there and he hurries me upstairs which was weird to me because usually i cook him in Madden before we smoke (and to this point me and him had only smoked together twice, because we used to get drunk before we started to get high.) so I head up and this is my dawg's first time he's really possessed weed. I always brought bud and he always had alcohol, but this time he was like dude this is hella strong I coughed a lot. So naturally being the absolute two joint average stoner god i was (not really lmaoo) I told him it aint shit and ripped for like 15 seconds. I exhaled, and coughed my god damn lungs out bruh. I was coughing over and over and he's like i told you bro. So I take another 10 second rip, cough, and then he puts it away till later. All downhill from here man. The first thing I noticed while we were talking was everything was suddenly moving slower. I told him hold on, he hadn't hit, and I was like dude...when i move my hand across my line of eyesight, I see it like 2 seconds after it happens. Then what followed was uncontrollable laughing, then munchies, and us and his parents watched Bob's Burgers (they prolly knew I was baked). So the peak was around 1 am on his roof. Pens out, and we chief for like 20 minutes. Then he pauses...looks up, and says he's seeing something. He starts talking in mumbles for like 2 minutes and then snaps back to normal. I'm like, yea and i thought i had the low tolerance look at this guy, and the BAM mothafucka! Shit hits me too! I look at my knee and it turned into Ferb from Phineas and Ferb no bullshit! And then after that incident I started to visibly see every word i said appear in front of me like its fucking Super Y on PBS or some shit, and it only gets worse. By now we tryna go inside, so I start to move, and my body is all numb. I drag my ass inside, and lay down. I look down, and the letter F is covering each section of my body. WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON! Yea so from there we slept and we are REAL stoners to this day, and I've never had an experience like that. So r/weed, What the fuck was that shit?