Ok so like I might just be high right now but listen to this shit. Ok so like the more and more documentaries I watch and the more shit I research the more and more I realize that ya all got fucked. Like not just fucked but like beaten, thrown in jail for some shit that should be legal any fucking way, turned back into a legal slave. That’s all it was ! They make it damn near impossible to come out and live a normal life and why would they. It’s so fucked ! Everything like is so fucked. Now we got Trump and this fucking virus ! Like Wtf ! They expect this man to do a good job ! A man who can’t even put on a spray tan correctly ! You want his ass to run the fucking country in a crises ! What ! Like all the black people that went to jail and had their lives ruined over a fucking plant that’s never killed anyone. Now they deem it essential in the time of a crises ! What a fucking slap in the face to ya all ! My boyfriends parents are Trump supporters. Yes it’s like talking to a brick wall. They are why I smoke so much. If I didn’t I would be in jail for kicking a 65 year old mans teeth down his god damn throat. I swear to fucking god I will ! I almost cussed out his mom twice ! I went the fuck off on like 2 of his cousins on Facebook. I don’t know what the fuck to do anymore. I wanna leave so fucking bad but we just had our 19 year anniversary. There’s part of me that really fucking wants to save this. This shit is fucking rough though. Like this man thinks he’s funny ! Like this motherfucker will get knocked the fuck out ! 65 years old or not ! Like I’m tired a this shit already ! All I hear about is how Trump is fucking amazing and Muslims are gonna blow up the world and build that fucking wall ! If I gotta hear about that fucking wall one more god damn time I’m gonna shoot myself in the fucking face ! You hear me ! Oh and of course I would never hit them or really go off on them but I sure do want to sometimes. Lol I promise to god I do ! Lol fuck ! I just quit smoking last year too ! I would punt a toddler across the room for a cigarette right now. Ok, I’m so sorry. Please understand. It’s prolly because I’ve left the house 5 times in the past 4 weeks. Idk. Thank you though if you do read all this. I just don’t know what to do.