I'm not sure if this is where I should post/ask about this (I'm new to reddit, I couldn't even find the post button 😂) but I'm really stuck and can't find an answer or even anything similar to my experience. So I've been smoking weed HEAVY for like 5 years, I've had the odd anxieties and such but nothing like this. I was chilling and smoking some bowls with a friend, I even had a dab. All was good, we were talking and laughing and having fun. About 10 minutes after the dab I started to feel a little anxious. I blew it off, just told myself to calm down. It started to work but within seconds I felt this rush come over me and I felt like I was sinking. It felt how people explain a heroin high.. But it was not good at all. My voice sounded like it would go high pitch then very deep.. I assume now they were audio hallucinations. I usually try to keep my cool because once I say somethings wrong I start to freak out. I asked her for some Gatorade and after I took a sip I could definitely tell things were not ok. I told my friend that I thought I was having a panic attack and that's where everything let loose. I had to take my glasses of because I felt like I couldn't see. I was shaking intensely, I felt my face losing blood and regaining it,  I completely dissociated from myself and felt like I was on a trip. The corners of my vision went to a heavy black and I thought I was gonna pass out. I was almost about to call an ambulance. My heart was beating so hard i could feel almost a bump everytime it pulsed outside my body. The feeling left about 10 minutes after but I could feel it still lingering. I felt completely outta control. I had to get my friend to call my mom ( I'm 19 and don't even live with her!) because I could not speak, and when I did it was panic and I felt like I looked like I was tweaking. I was begging this girl to tell my mom things weren't okay because I seriously thought I was dying. I thought that would be the last time I ever talked to my mom. After I got home, I highly expected to be burnt out after all that, but I stayed up until like 3 bugging and not being able to sleep. She kept apologizing saying she got me too high.. But I've done a fair amount and I know my limit. So I don't think it was that. I don't know if it was laced or I had a panic attack. But it felt like an out of control trip. Any suggestions to what you guys think it is? I might be over thinking and it could have just been a panic attack while high, but it doesn't explain my audio hallucinations and my vision peacing out. I haven't touched weed since, and usually I have my morning tokes and such.