Well, I was at a water park with my mom and my stepdad (not really my stepdad because he isn’t married to my mom lmao). I have a bad relationship with my dad trough, and I saw him there. I hid and he didn’t see me. I knew he was leaving as it was my dream and I knew lmao...well and me, my mom and my stepdad went to get food. We sat at a table that looked a little bit to be themed as the “magic pack thingy” from the sims where you can be a witch lol...and my mom started to talk to what seems to be a couple about the same age of my mom and my stepdad. They had a son, blonde hair, kind of tanned skin and dark brown/black eyes as I’m not really sure about what is was lol, who seemed to be about my age. Well we went to a castle in the water park for some reason that my mom said we co-owned with that family. I asked how, and she said that we where rich, as always! We had always lived like that with maids and people taking care of us. Just like the other family we shared the castle with. And that we owned the water park we where at...well we talked and when before we left me and the other guy, exchanged numbers. His name was Jayden and he lived close to us, just that I didn’t live there irl but apparently I did as I took a limo to the place and there was in like a game it was a cut screen when it said: *arriving in New York* which was weird as I live in Sweden lol...and I later I saw the guy I had been at with the water park we co-owner and apparently we lived in a modern mansion, that looked like a celebrity would have lived in. Really I live in an apartment with my mom with a small ass bathroom, two bedrooms a kitchen, and a big living room. The parents of his and my mom had planned a wedding for us, even trough I am underage, just like him. We ended marrying even trough we ended up loving each other and being chased by the cops..? Because we killed our enemies we hated, or well not really killed but we sold them to random strangers and didn’t see them again after holding them hostage, torturing them and raping them (or well he did because I’m a girl lmao) and we ended up as a crime duo.