I have had strange dreams before but this one made me wake up with an eerie feeling. It starts in a lecture hall on the ground floor of an enormous building in nyc. It wasnt a boring looking lecture hall it was almost religious looking. Thousands of people sitting listening to a man preaching about a religion(I thought it was scientology). All I remember about this part was I was in the front row screaming almost losing me voice at the guy saying he is wrong about all his ideas and I was genuinely getting pissed off that all these people were mindlessly agreeing to him. A crucial part of the dream was for some reason I had taken my jacket off and hung it on a chair nearby. As the lecture ended and people started to leave I went looking for my jacket but couldnt not find it. I was already mad about the culty experience I just had and so I immediately assumed someone is playing a trick on me to make me stay there longer. As I was pushing through the crowd I kept on seeing familiar faces everywhere and all of them gave me dirty looks as I was demanding my jacket back so that I could leave. Then out of the sea of familiar faces I see a close friend and his gf rushing out and as they passed me they gave me a look like they were on the same page as me...freaked out and ready to just dip. I refused to leave without my jacket since I had just bought it. I remember crawling under a door?? to get to an elevator and there were all these people waiting to go up the elevator with me. Before the next logical scene I had a weird side dream where I was in the gift store of the building and was following a group of people that I knew in real life and remember one of them mentioning that they couldn't wait to get back home to their assigned servants that the religion had given to every one of their members. Cut back to the elevator scene I go up a few floors looking for my jacket and end up at a hallway with several doors open and people sticking their heads out looking at me. One man standing in the middle of the hallway was passing out these little papers and when he saw me he knew I was new to the place and decided to give me the paper anyway and start talking to me. He points into one of the doors and says this is your classroom come in. I simply said I was looking for something and no thank you. He was very adamant to get me into the classroom and I kept refusing. He started following me as I walked away and began to explain himself and the building to me and why there are classrooms. All these people in this entire building were having school, "church", and basically everyday life in this enormous building and everyone seemed to be so happy to be there. That freaked me out pretty bad. Eventually the man gave up but my encounter with him sold the deal that this place is a fucking cult central. I remember overhearing a conversation one of the "teachers" had on the phone to a regular teacher about what to teach to the students and after the phone call ended the teacher started to think about how to change the lesson in a way where it tied back to the cult. I had only one goal throughout this whole thing and that was to find my jacket and leave. I end up on the very top floor and it was a sort of patio/lounging area. I look down onto nyc and notice that all of the tallest buildings there looked tiny compared to the height at which I was standing on top of this huge cult building. I gave up on my jacket went back to the elevator. As I waited for the elevator I felt the floor under me start the sway and the whole building was swaying like crazy. People around me were just talking to each other unbothered by the unsettling movement of the building. My dream ends there....what the fuck...