Last night I had the oddest dream I swear that somebody could make it into a movie. Idk if there is a movie out there like this or not, it could be but this is not to sell a movie script but my weird dream. I was with a high school friend he had a group of friends that I somehow got hooked up with. I have not spoke to him irl in a few years but he was there, (and Toto and you were there nahh... ignore me just joking). Points if you know where that is from well the group was like a paranormal type group and I got involved my friend was the lead. I remember he had me sign my name on a paper and wanted me to pay up $500.00 us (A fee to join the group, a nda? I have no idea why I had to sign and/or pay him). I don't remember paying him but I signed and everybody in the group had different jobs in the group etc... We were not as cool as Ghost Adventures or Ghost Hunters or anything popular as that. Our first case we were investigating was from the 1900's, idk but it was maybe almost 100+ years ago at least. Forgive me I am not a historian these three boys all in their teens I would say they were so young all brothers. Could not have been related died in a fire in a cottage like something you would see in Snow White or something. So we are doing our research and we are walking down the street and see a dog nowadays (not in the boys time period) a little tiny terrier type dog he goes up to a man walking by and starts to talk to the man in the english language. The horrified man jumps at least twenty feet and I witness it. We or I go up to the dog and ask him how he can talk and he tells me clear as day that he was one of the boys that passed away in the Snow White cottage fire we were investigating. Long story short I believe in the dream the spirit of the dead boy was trapped nowadays in the body of a tiny terrier dog. Sorry for the length of this just wanted to share my weird odd dream of a boy spirit trapped in a dogs body so strange I know nobody will probably read this but I shared anyway, thanks for reading this/my crazy dream in written word.