Hello I'm 40 years old. I've been welding since I was 16 years old. Finished trade school when I was 18 and I've been working ever since. After the long hours and growing nights I've decided to retire as a welder and do something else with my life. I don't enjoy welding and the work is very tedious and strenuous. I don't enjoy looking at a weld puddle for 12 hour long shifts and having to stare through a darkened hood all day long. On top of that I get bored as a welder. To me this is probably the most boring job out there. All you do is strike an arc and go. Nothing about it screams life fufilling than laying beads on a piece of metal. Most of the people I've worked with are idiots. It seems like most welders are just dumb and can't talk properly. Everytime you have a conversation with them it seems like they're choking on bubble gum when talking. The trade has done well for me. Pay was good, but I think Im done with it entirely. I already resigned from my job. I wasn't really even employed due to COVID-19 just temporarily out of work so to speak so that doesn't help either. Any regrets I have? Not really I mean it sucked the life out of me. The only thing I hated the most is that I have over 100 certs for welds I will never do for the rest of my life. Most of them were one time things while some only lasted a few days. So I have over 100 certs yet I barely use them. One thing I hate the most about this trade is that theres so many certifications for literally almost everything. I couldn't stand getting multiple certs getting paid the same so I just stuck with MIG welding for the rest of my career about 5 years ago. And that's probably the cream of the crop that sucked the life out of me the most. MIG welding stainless and some stick here and there for $25/hr. So anyone that's reading this to the end. Word of advice from an old guy if you're going to become a welder do some research before getting in because next thing you know you'll be laying beads in the flat position at your local fab shop making $11/hr and in your mind you'll be saying, "This was the worst decision I could have possibly made." And yes welders are underpaid only because we deserve it. We're not special we're not cops all we do is weld on metal nothing special. A child can do it.