I have been eagerly anticipating the premiere of the Oxygen Network special The Forgotten West Memphis Three, and it starts off great with Steve Branch's mom talking about her son, then it shifts to this guy bragging about how he was a fire investigator-that he "was actually the Fire CHIEF," and how he now works Cold Cases-without any law enforcement training, mind you, because they apparently are very similar to fire investigations (eye roll). He then goes on to recount how he started doing this in 2016 and how he essentially was responsible for getting Edward Yates released from prison on a murder conviction dating back to 1993. He even shows an interview with Yates proclaiming his innocence, and I'm thinking "What show is this supposed to be, again?" It quickly becomes apparent it is the Bob Ruff show where it evolves into a pretentious 2 hours of what a better investigative job he has done than the Arkansas Police who conducted the original investigation back in the early 90's. While that may in fact be true, he doesn't just humbly provide his discoveries to the audience, he has to shove it in our face that HE has done all these things, literally putting the accent on "I"- "I" did this, "I" did that. So I essentially sat thru 2 hours of this guy patting himself on the back and boasting "I can give them justice!" Really, dude? Cuz at the end of the 2 hours, what'd you actually come up with? 1) new DNA testing (M-Vac) on the evidence which the FBI profiler put forth-not you, and 2) confirmation that the victim's bodies were not mutilated in the course of a satanic ritual, but instead was the result of animal predation, which is no big reveal for those of us that have followed this case all along-that theory was brought up many years ago. Ta-da! The real star of this show, in my opinion, is Jim Clemente-the retired FBI profiler, who doesn't keep reminding us of how great he is. I'm hoping he has much more screen time in tomorrow night's wrap-up, than what he had in tonight's episode. Sadly, I can already predict it will be 2 more hours of pompusness and superiority on behalf of the show's host. Can't. Hardly. Wait.