So my bf (24 m) and I (27 f) pee play often. He likes me to pee on him, or in my panties. I prefer clothed wettings. Last night we are sitting on the couch. While we are watching tv He reaches over and strokes my pussy through my pants. I'm wearing a red thong and dark grey jeggings and a pink blouse . He grabs me by my hand and sits me in his lap and begins to kiss me, pushing his tongue into my mouth, running his hands up under my shirt and over my pierced nipples. His cock is so hard under me, and I can feel my pussy throbbing. I also have to pee, and he knows. I always have to pee. He reaches his hand down the front of my pants while kissing and biting my neck, and runs his fingers around my lips, touching my clit so light, sending shivers down my spine. Reaching his hand back up and licking the wetness from his fingers, he pulls me to my feet and leads me to the middle of the room, where he sits down in the floor and begins to massage his cock, watching me. "Piss your pants for me baby". I could feel the wetness already on my panties, and the throbbing that he was making so much worse. I knew when I pissed it would feel soooooo good. He took my hand with his free hand and stood me over his body, one leg on each side, facing away from him. "Bend over and touch the floor, and piss for me. I want it to watch it go down your legs." It was too much. I felt like I was so turned on I couldn't piss, I felt like if I did piss I would come. I needed to pee so bad though. I put my hands on the floor, palms down, and relaxed. Warmth spread over my pussy, making me shudder again so hard I had to stop myself from coming. I started peeing, feeling trickles going down my thighs and watching the warm liquid drip onto his body below me as he let it run over his cock. I've never pissed my pants for him before so it was deliciously thrilling. Once I started pissing he reached his hand up and put pressure over my pussy, kind of holding it for me, and moving his hand to watch me piss a stream through my pants and onto him. Halfway through, he snatches my pants down (I'm still peeing I cant stop at this point) and puts his cock in my pussy, letting it run straight from his cock onto my pants and the floor. After I'm done, he tells me to pull my now soaked pants back up. He pulls the back waistband down and places his swollen cock under my still soaking pussy, and I feel another amazing warmth as he pisses into my pants. This time it's his hot piss going over my pussy and down my legs and around my feet. I came on his cock, and he peeled our wet clothes off and licked my clit until I came again.