I keep seeing a bunch of people jump to call James a predator without any proof. The Anti-O community are insane. They think emotionally and not logically. As well they think Chris Hansen is going to solve it all, when in reality Chris can’t do anything. I think James MIGHT be a predator but there’s no proof of this and we have no way of knowing for sure if he’s guilty. We can’t just be biased cause we don’t like him, that’s a terrible way of thinking, think about 2016 with Keemstar, people don’t like Keemstar and yet Keem himself was falsely accused by Grade A Under A, or 2017 when Jake Paul was falsely accused of rape. As of recently in 2019 people seem to have not learned from anything from James Charles, Slazo, Projared, or Austin McBroom. A bunch of these commentators will jump on hate bandwagons and don’t care about the the alleged victims, they only care about taking someone down (and as we’ve seen with Imallexx) even their own friends. A bunch of people in the commentary community became what they hated and only apply morals when it benefits them. As of recently I’ve been skeptical of the Onision allegations because the said investigation has gone nowhere and Shiloh multiple times has proven herself to be untrustworthy and is just as bad as James. She has bulllied, harassed, sold out, threatened, and lied about several people. If you want an example of this a while ago she spread lies about my friend Nicholas DeOrio and tried to get her followers to mass report him and accused him of being a predator. Nick is a great friend and is certainly not a predator. As well the Anti-Os have harassed me multiple times accusing me of things that are just untrue whilst knowing nothing about me and they have done the same to my other friend Pescatore. A bunch of these hate mobs tried to cancel Josh all because he had an opinion different from theirs. I have been accused of being a pedophile apologist, a troll, a terrible person, or Onision on an alt account just because I said to wait, but as usual I got silenced, and two of my former friends had betrayed me because they chose to be sheep and act like children when I argued with them. One of them even insulted me behind my back and tried and another tried to spread lies about me to my friends which unfortunately for him they know better. Anyway I’ve said everything I needed to say, and I don’t care how people respond to me. See y’all later 👍