I REALLY need help! I found an awesome book and I thought I saved it for later on my iPad (I use ebook apps) but apparently I didn't. I read a few books (I am a Bibliophile) and came back to read it but I couldn't find it ANYWHERE! Now I have been freaking out for the last hour and a half with no luck in finding it. OK, panic attack aside, I read a couple of chapters before I shelved it and I have a pretty good memory so I have a good bit of knowledge on the book. Here goes: The book starts out with a first-person perspective of the watching of a video that shows you a spaceship full of a bunch of scientists studying something or other in space, then an asteroid shows up that seems to be controlling where it is going. They observe it for a while when it seems to notice their ship and starts to get closer. Big black globs of something or others emerge from the asteroid and stick to the ship. The globs move around all over the ship and eventually the scientists open a hatch. The globs converge on the entrance and pop right in. The scientists (who were neither expecting this encounter nor were prepared for it) were waiting for them. One goes out to say hi and the closest of the globs (which are actually aliens) opens its FUCKING face and shoots a bullet-sized black hole at him/her. As one would expect he/she dies (ripped to shreds) and because no one (especially the person in question) never thought that black hole bullets were a possibility everyone was thoroughly shocked. The aliens go on to shoot their black holes at all of them and even rip through the entire ship to look for and kill another (younger) member of the crew who was told to stay in the command center room when the aliens showed up and saw the whole thing from a monitor. Aaaaaand scene. Later the book follows the ceremony for and the launching into space of a four-person crew of one of the new vessels made to kill those aliens from the perspective of a somewhat awkward guy (I think) that is really nervous about all the ceremony, launching into space, and fighting aliens. The other three people in the crew consist of a goofball, social butterfly, and hardened marine. The cool thing about the ship is that it is supposed to be completely autonomous, from repairs to the fighting is all automated, the only reason why the crew is there is to make sure if the ship goes haywire or can't repair something they will. All is well out in space until things start to seem strange. The supposedly autonomous ship seems to need plenty more repairs from the crew aboard than it's supposed to... and I guess it gets worse from there but I didn't read that far. I appreciate ANY feedback possible, thank you all for your time.