Okay so,, yeah I’ve had this turtle for a few years now— for some reason the turtle was at our backyard for some reason which meant that someone had to have gotten out of their way to DUMP the poor thing and we took it in. We didn’t know what it took to take care of a turtle. We just got a container and put it with water to let the turtle swim and stuff + roam around the house. We didn’t do our reasearch at ALL,,, i feel guilty about that to this day. But one of us got a tank for the turtle, it was good and we let our turtle be with the family member who got the tank for the turtle. At first, it was all good!! The tank was cleaned a lot and the turtle was swimming and eating and i think it was okay,, but after a few years the family member stopped caring and everytime i came to their room the turtle tank was with the water, the tank lights were off and the turtle was no where to be seen.  It usually roamed around and gradually i think we all started to forget about the turtle ((i rarely go to their room so im not sure but this is my point of view on this. Today i woke up from my after school nap and noticed my sister brought the turtle from the family members room— the ARM looks like its gonna come off and it broke my heart because I realized how much we stopped caring for it because ((i)) thought it was in good hands with my family member. But inside i think i always knew this family wasn’t for the turtle. The room the turtle was staying in was ALWAYS messy. ALWAYS. So something must have happened!! Maybe it was stepped on by them ausgshshsk I don’t know. I feel awful because I would never have intentionally done this and I don’t want this turtle to suffer for the next years here. The turtles arm was basically BENT over and it couldn’t walk correctly. I know we are bad people for taking the turtle in without any knowledge on what to do with it. I don’t think we will ever take the time in our lives to do research so we can give the turtle special care. I honestly don’t know how to bring this up or what to do with the turtle so I really just,,, need help I’m sorry.