I got to play SFZ again, almost 4 years since launch. I couldn't get why this game had so much hate at the time. People wanted a Star Fox 64 expended experience, and this is what we got. Is pretty much a new game in the same setting and with the same gameplay core, but with both an excuse to be a wii u game, and by using star fox as that excuse to use the gamepad, they literraly took everything wrong in the franchise gameplay and basically took em out or made it better. I love star fox, and 64 is my favorite game of the franchise, but i can't get easely back to 64 since i played zero 4 years ago, just because zero makes 64 fell the same way botw makes oot fell, in the gameplay aspect. But the game still got bashed everywhere, what makes me question the inteligence and cognitive capabilitys from everyone who hated this game. I really can't think that you can be good in games and at the same time say that SFZ controlls are bad and playing between the two screens is disorienting. What bafles me even more is that people don't know how to play because couldn't mind to read what is in the screen or play the training mode to learn most of the game mechanics. Things like changing the screens between the Tv and Gamepad by hitting -, or using the less gyro mode that is exactly what is implied, is some of the features that was aways there and the game didn't shy to teach you in the training mode, before the campaing start or even in the demo of the game,yet people keep talking shit about how the lock on mode makes you hit things you couldn't see or that the motion controlls were bad (almost the same as splatoon, and having the same fell as 64 in less gyro mode). It took me 10 minutes to get thing in training mode and 2 stages to get how to play, but people keep complaining that the game was bad because they were playing it wrong. This is why i'm here questioning: after the all the bashing this game took, do you think that a new star fox would actually improve in the aspects of the franchise? Because i'm a sonic fan, and i already seen this scenario. Everyone bash a good game because they didn't bothered to learn how to play the game, or blamed the game because they were bad at it, and the future of the next games of the franchise are just safe small games that keep repeting what the old praised games did. Is sad because gameplay-wyse, star fox zero is the best in the franchise and improve many in aspects from 64, that made it the most unic shooter out there that actually works as a wii u game, and as a star fox game. hell even the first person mode is more useful and better implemented than 64 one.