I wanted to see where everyone stands on the recent survey stating almost half of the United States population did not participate in outdoor recreation in 2018. I have been an avid outdoorsmen in the Backcountry of the United States my entire life. I find this new survey to be deeply troubling. To me it poses an increasing risk to our public lands within the United States. As more people opt out of enjoying the wilderness I am afraid that they will see public lands as expendable. Since the early 2000s we have seen the big fossil fuel corporations continue to encroach on gaining access to our public lands for the sake of profit margins with zero regard for the long term impact they have on the local ecology. As the outdoor community shrinks so does our voice in the legislative process to protect our public lands. When I first heard this I was shocked. I currently live in Korea and have seen how much that nature plays an integral role in Korean culture. One of the key things I have been able to share with people across my travels through Asia that always generates a "wow" are my backcountry tails of America. The times I've spent just simply existing in peace and solitude in the wildest parts of my home country. It also the first thing I recommend when people in other countries tell me they want to visit America. I tell them to skip New York City and head to the Backcountry. NYC is not that different from Seoul, Manila, Bangkok, Tokyo, Beijing or any other major city I have visited for the most part in my eyes. I tell them the greatest gift America has to offer is the shear vastness of wild places that encompass a tremendous amount of different and beautiful landscapes all readily available to those who seek it out. It seems that this mentality is slowly dying in my opinion and I would like to hear other's thoughts. I would also like to hear from others in different countries on how they perceive the state of their outdoors communities. Lastly, I would like to apologise for such a long post but felt I might get some heartfelt and candid discussion from members of this sub. Keep exploring always and safe travels.