So, this is my first time posting, mainly because I haven’t had an experience worth writing about, until today. To begin, I live in a small town in Tennessee, and I live far back in the woods, on top of a mountain. I have some neighbors, but not walking distance away. Across my driveway is a road that leads to a TVA that is usually pretty busy this time of year, but with the whole coronavirus business no one has really been around. Anyway, around a two weeks or so ago, I noticed a car on that road, pulled off to the side of the road, abandoned.  I didn’t really think anything of it, at first, I just thought it was a pretty weird spot for someone to leave their car, but other than that I didn’t think twice about it. Today, however was different. I was on my usual morning walk down my driveway (which is about half a mile long) and I normally don’t walk all the way down, because I don’t want to get too close to the road and run into any creeps, I should note that I am a 20 year old female, only 5’7 and around 120 pounds, and I have asthma. Today I decided I would walk all the way to the mailbox and grab the mail, for a little extra time outside since I have been cooped up inside for a week or so. I wish I hadn’t. It was a pretty normal walk at first, I was jogging most of the way, and when I stopped to catch my breath and continue walking the rest of the way, I noticed the car still sitting across from my driveway, and I also noticed something moving next to it, I stopped to try to see what it was, but I couldn’t see very well since I was still pretty far away and could only look through openings in the trees. So, I continued down and when I got to my mailbox, I noticed a man, just standing next to the car, I figured it was the owner of the car and didn’t think much of it, until I noticed he wasn’t doing anything, just staring right at me. I froze for a second, and did a small wave with my fingers, and forced a fake smile out, in hopes he would wave back and continue whatever he was doing, but he just stared. At this point I was really freaked out, and as soon as I turned my back to him, I heard the sound of feet stepping on leaves behind me, so I started to run back up my driveway. As I was running, I could hear shuffling in the bushes behind me, and what sounded like footsteps just a few feet behind me. I didn’t know what to do other than run, I had my phone on me, sure, but no one would be able to make it to me in time, but I knew my dogs and my boyfriend were just up the driveway in my house so if I could just outrun this guy, I would be safe. I continued to hear the footsteps until about halfway up my driveway, and then they just stopped. I stopped behind a tree, to catch my breath, and looked through a clearing in the trees, to see the man turned around, tip toeing back to the car. I am still pretty freaked out by the whole thing, and since this just happened today I have not seen the man again, I plan to do my usual walk still tomorrow but will bring my boyfriend with me this time. Hopefully this was just a misunderstanding, although I don’t think it was.