I had RNY dec 10th. So, I've been a slow loser. In two months I'm down 30lbs. However my doctor wants me to be 244 by March 9th. I doubt I can lose 14lbs before than. I'm pushing I go to the gym 3 to 4 days a week, I eat correctly between 800 to 900 calories a day. I meet my protein. The only thing I'm not meeting is my water intake due to cold fluids of any kind being very painful still. Just learned yogurt is a no go too due to it. I just made my own yogurt so that was upsetting. What a waste. I am doing everything right, and I feel it's just not adding up. I guess I can get more steps or do more, but it's hard when I'm not reaching 45oz or more of water a day. The gym makes me feel like a dry husk, but I still push on. I poop every day (sorry tmi) my last appointment on Jan 20th I was 3 lbs short of the goal I should have met. It just seems like a vicious cycle. I am doing so well and trying so hard. I have no urge to eat badly, and heck I still dont really have hunger of any kind. Everything is whole foods. Once I had one tiny candy for vday and that was 30 calories. Besides that I just dont eat bad things. I have no urge to since I can only eat so little I want what I eat to be healthy. My fluids every day is hot tea with a tiny bit of skim milk. I'm losing my mind. I dont compare to everyone else because I am me, but I feel like I am really putting myself out there changing myself for the better with little results. It just makes me feel like my surgeon thinks I'm not doing it correctly or cheating, and it's so far from it that it's making me depressed. I'm kicking this shits ass, and I just want the results to show my effort. I know of there being weeks where you just dont loss and stuff, but it cant be this damn long of one. Theres no way. It's not a plateau I lose something every week, but its exactly what someone who didnt have the surgery would lose with diet and exercise. :/ I could have done this and have done this on my own before. i got the surgery to lose more, and keep it off I did it for the added boost it would give me. I just feel like it hasnt done anything except make my birthcontrol not work causing a 3 week period that wont go away, and makes me full faster.