Last summer my SO started having burning urination and found out he has Chlamydia. So I went and got treated as well. Went back 5 weeks later to get tested again and it came back negative. Then I started having severe burning when I urinated and went to the doctor again  they said it was a UTI and I was given a round of antibiotics for that. Those antibiotics then gave me a yeast infection so then I did the 3 day monistat treatment. Everything was fine but then I started having some pelvic pain, low back pain, and painful Intercourse a few weeks ago. There was a little bleeding with the intercourse. I also had some discharge. But it wasn't itchy or smelly. It was just a little yellow in color. At first I thought maybe a UTI or BV but I didn't have any of the other symptoms for those. Then I got nervous that the Chlamydia wasn't treated the first time. Something definitely wasn't right. It hurt constantly and it was almost like I had menstrual cramps. I went to the doctor. She did a urine test and nothing came up positive. She did say my sugar was high in my urine though. So she decided it was time to do a pap smear. She said everything looked okay except that my cervix was a little red and inflamed. She BARELY touched my cervix with the swab and it started to bleed. Alot. She said that isn't supposed to happen and it's called friable cervix. She basically said that it just means something is going on up there. So she sent the swabs in and also took a tube of blood for some testing. I haven't gotten the results back yet. When she came back to the room she said she believes I have a mild case of pelvic inflammatory disease. She gave me an antibiotic injection there and then sent me home with another antibiotic I have to take for two weeks. It's been 4 days and the pelvic pain hasn't really changed. I'm hoping this doesn't mean I have something more serious going on? And does my SO need to be treated? If anyone has experience with this please give me your story and what helped you. I feel alone and scared.