When I started this job nearly a year ago I thought I had made it clear that flexibility was something important to me, not just that I can be flexible but that I expect my employer to be. This has become a problem lately, with hours.  I was out for two weeks because of self isolation. I expressed that when I came back I would love to get right back to it and get some hours and that I could even close, a couple of days. I'm back now and my boss scheduled me closing shift (4-11 on weekdays and 4-12 on weekends) Thurs thru Mon. I understand this may not be a big deal to somebody but honestly, it doesn't matter really what I want to do with my time when I am the one employed by them and I could just leave. Of course I am replaceable but it would hinder them and I don't want to leave. I just want my boss to schedule me with a little bit more balance! For the last several months I've been dealing with her always putting my days off in a row, meaning I work several days in a row, and lately even before I was out sick, those days have been closing shift. It was okay then because of shortened hours (closed at 9) but it's different now. I attempted to talk to my boss today about this and she said I am too wishy washy when it comes to hours and if I am concerned about balance I should start my day earlier. However I just am not the type to do a bunch of crap before work and be tired through my 7-8 hour shift. Maybe I sound selfish and lazy but I truly feel that I should be able to say what hours I am willing to work, obviously with a bit of (keyword) flexibility! First of all, I want to ask y'all, what do I do? How do I politely express to my boss that I truly expect, not just 'want' to, get a reasonable amount of hours a week but with more balance. Two closing shifts a week and somemid shifts. Whatever.  I just can't stand it. She wants me to start my day earlier, that's a bit hard being exhausted from being at work til midnight every day for 5 days straight. Oh well.  I guess I just wanted to vent a bit and ask you guys how you would approach the situation given that I already spoke to her about it and she kind of blew me off?