A little backstory: The pastor at my church asked me if I wanted a job working for the same company as this other guy we go to church with. The guy recommended me and I interviewed and got the job, where said guy and pastor were updated in the process. It’s a pretty big company and this guy I know from church works in a different building for an entirely different department. He’s not on my team and he’s not in charge of my manager in anyway. They’re more like friends from a work network.
These past several months I was in an accident and went to the hospital, got a stomach bug that was going around, and got a bad cold that was also going around and missed some days of work because of all that. Where I live, we have paid protected sick time that we can’t be disciplined for and that’s what I used to cover those days.
I didn’t think my manager was upset about it or anything. Until my friend threw my fiancé and I an engagement party. I invited our pastor from church. He’s the first person we went up to at our party. Literally the first thing he asked me at our engagement party was “How is work going?” That already threw me off because he sees me all the time and never asks that question. Why is he asking me that at our engagement party and why is it so important that it’s the first and only thing he brings up? He then asks me if I’m struggling to balance work with my recent move and I said it was tough. Then he started lecturing me about how prioritizing is important because you need a job to pay bills.
I’m not sure if I just read into it too much but our pastor tends to be passive aggressive. And I feel like he was low key trying to tell me he knows that I missed days of work when I was sick and that he thinks I was faking or something because of my recent move, which I was actually sick. Something in my gut told me this conversation was too weird and not a coincidence. And it gave me the feeling that my manager discussed it with our mutual friend from work who then discussed it with my my pastor. This being the first interaction at our engagement party, it literally ruined my whole night. I felt embarrassed for missing work because I was sick and that people outside of work knew about it and were judging me. And I also felt anxious and stressed that my manager was so upset that she went out of the way to talk to someone who knows me, who then went out of the way to talk to someone who knows me even better, yet I had no idea she was upset. I also felt stressed that somehow maybe my pastor and the mutual friend from work knew my manager was planning on firing me for taking a few sick days or something. What was supposed to be a special party was ruined because I couldn’t be in the moment after that.
Sure enough, as soon as I got to work this week, my manager scheduled a meeting with me where part of the meeting she discussed the sick days. And of course, brought up the mutual friend from church who helped me get the job, who she hasn’t brought up since my interview. By the way, In this said meeting she mentioned that she has the flu right now and is still coming to work. It took everything in me to not run out of the room.
I don’t have enough proof that my manager discussed my sick time with the mutual friend or that he talked to my pastor about it. But the puzzle pieces are coming together and in my gut it makes sense.
Is this even allowed?
I can understand if you recommend someone you do want to see how they’re doing. And as a manager, if you’re friends with said person, you’ll want to give them that information or even get their advice. However, I’m pretty sure I’ve read things about confidentiality where attendance is one of the many things that can’t be discussed without business need-to-know. This guy doesn’t have business need-to-know. He’s not on my team, he’s not my manager’s boss, or that guy’s boss. He’s in an entirely different building in an entirely different line of business that we never ever interact with. He has zero reason to know anything about my performance, attendance, etc. There’s no reason why someone who works for my company but isn’t related to my team at all should know that my manager is upset about my attendance before I even know.
My manager has no reason to even be upset because I’m just exercising a right given to me by the state I live in. I haven’t even come close to using up my sick time. If she’s bothered by it, that’s fine, but she should keep it to herself. I haven’t crossed any limits. She even admitted that the time off I used is acceptable by the company and doesn’t warrant a write up (doing so would be illegal anyway).
And now that they’re all apparently discussing me behind my back, it’s impacting my private life. It threw off our engagement party, one night I can’t get back. I feel awkward going to church now. I have people who know me outside of work judging me now. My pastor talked about the work thing in front of others too so I’m sure they know as well.
Has anyone ever experienced something like this?