I am new to a position (just over a month). I’m a development assistant, and I report to the executive director. I find that most of my work is coming from the development director instead of my direct report. Today I was talking to the development director and she was acting as if my questions were bothering her/felt a bit condensing. I was trying to understand a task that she had for me, and it turns out there’s no actual written process. So I believe she was miffed at the lack of process and not at me. at least, I hope so. We then moved onto an enewsletter, which she seemed bothered that she had to talk to me about. She gave me the project last week and gave me very little direction. I didn’t appreciate the way she spoke to me about it because if I’m doing 99% of the leg work and she doesn’t have much experience or knowledge on marketing in general, I’m not sure why she should be giving me such a hard time. I want to talk to my direct report about how I should be handling the requests of the development director, since she seems to be giving me a lot of work to do and expects quick turnaround. Because of her pushiness, I often do her projects over other ones that come in or even my direct report projects. He also is her direct report. Apparently he doesn’t like conflict. I don’t think this has to be a big deal, but they obviously need to figure out who is really my boss and what my job entails. I want to ask him to make that a priority and then how I should be taking on projects with the development director. She seems to step on a lot of toes and no one likes her. She does some irksome things, but I’m too new to really have a solid opinion yet. I want to be an adult about it, approach it as a this needs to get sorted out for my sanity and project priority and how my role interacts with the rest of the team. I hope that makes sense. I’m pretty frustrated, and I know some of it comes from only been in the office for four days before we all had to start working remotely, but then it also seems to be a communication style and role expectation question. Thanks for the advice!!!