Stuff like that is why I hate blitz. Its just pure cancer. Every other day they have to release some extremely broken and overpriced premium tank in the store, only for not good players to buy them mo no no. It has to be the 39% bot who has 16 battles and just started playing with 200 average damage. Look at the premium WZ-120 TD. That thing is stupidly broken and they refuse to do anything about it. Look at the E75 TS. The damn thing is in T8 when it should be a T9. Look at the Obj 252U. That is the most broken heavy in tier 8, if not the game, that i can think of. The damn thing bounces off its side ffs, from other heavies. I dont know if theyve nerfed any of these tanks, but from the looks of it, they havent. The defender series is just as bad too. That should have never been added. And of course, all of these HAVE to be priced at $50+. So only the people who are willing to let that greedy company get their money to get back some broken premium, can have them. Think about it. There are more games where you see premium tanks (at least in 7-10) than games where you dont. In fact, its quite rare to get in a game WITHOUT a premium tank. The game, was never like this. This isnt even mentioning all the other problems with blitz either. But wargaming doesnt care. They see Blitz, a game that couldve had so much potential, as an app to milk money with. They dont see it like a game. They see it as a cash cow. And therefore, they will NEVER fix the problem with broken premiums in blitz. They will likely NEVER fix all the other problems either. Because to them, as long as they can keep milking more and more money out of the game, they dont care, and likely never will. It was like what Fortnite, used to be. Epic Games didnt care about Fortnite. They didnt listen to their community. They just milked more and more money out of the game. Just like wargaming did with blitz. Because of this, blitz is likely to slowly, but surely, die out. And the one sole reason for this, is because wargaming, doesnt know how to listen. And what most companies like wargaming dont realize either, is that had they not ruined their game, had they not broken their game, they likely wouldve been able to make a lot more money in the long run. But they dont care. Companies like that want a quick buck and thats it. But they can likely make more money, if they give the community a REASON to stay in the game. I get they need some way to make money, but this, just isnt the right way. Not if they want to keep alive a mobile game. Unfortunately, from what theyre showing us, they dont. I dont play the game as often now. The only real reason i still play is because ive met some good people on there, and i still have friends who play with me. Along with that, its one of the only other games i have on my phone to play. Other than that, theres no reason why i still play. I dont enjoy the game.