In world of tanks artillery is annoying to play against for the same reason that aircraft carriers are annoying in world of warships: you cant interact with them until it basically no longer matters, they can shit on you with you being unable to fight back. I thought to myself that one way to balance artillery in world of tanks would be to limit its range, give it more hp and armor and basically make it work like a short range mortar that can shoot over walls but is more interactive because it puts them closer to the heat of the action, but there is a problem with this: it would probably look super weird and be even more unrealistic than it is now. Imagine arty shooting only 100 meter in front of it but with a super high arc, it would just look ridiculous. There inst this problem in world of warships however, so why not make it so? Why are aircraft carriers not simply limited in range so they cant sit in a corner of the map perfectly safe from harm all game? It wouldn't look that weird to only allow aircraft carriers to have lets say: 22 km range on their planes? And then the planes automatically start returning to the maximum range if they get out of it so you cant mess with people too far away? Another thing I thought of is that planes need to communicate with their commanders, i.e their aircraft carrier, in order to pass along tactical information, so wouldn't it be nice if you could intercept that radio/wave chatter and locate the aircraft carrier when the planes are within a range of you or a teammate? That way lets say for example an aircraft carrier with 23 km range planes attacks a group of ships in your team, the aircraft carrier is at about its maximum range from them and can attack them without taking damage because ships cant shoot that far, but it is temporarily spotted, so dds and other ship types can start getting closer to it and deal with it somehow sometime in the future? To compensate for limited range compared to now the developers could increase other stats of the aircraft carrier and maybe give them back the ability to use ship consumables while using aircraft mode, and maybe send out fighters that automatically defend allied ships or attack enemy planes while in aircraft mode? What do you guys think of this? Would this not make aircraft carriers more interactive, fun to play against and more fun to play? I understand that it would be a bit more unrealistic because aircraft carriers can send out planes really far away from themselves irl, but the game is already unrealistic with respect to aircraft carriers in that respect and others so wouldn't this change that prioritizes balance over a little realism be healthy and good for the game without looking ridiculous like it would for artillery in world of tanks?