I’ve given up all hope in this world. When I was younger I was a die hard Christian. Like Deus vult die hard. But now it just seems like even if there is a god they have forsaken us and I don’t blame them. People are too busy trying to win privilege points that they don’t see the big picture. The world is burning. But it just seems like everyone’s too stupid to see it, or they just don’t care. If the world was to end rn like explosions and everything no one would care. I think the main reason is we don’t have someone to lead. We have all these politicians what do they do nothing. Then we have “god” but where is god in all of this? My New Testament states that god will save a certain amount of people in the future. But what about us, I know you’re all too busy gaming and laughing at “dank m memes” to realize this but WAKE UP. If there is anyone who wants to do something about this flame that should engulfing us all then for fuck sake Lead. I’ve given up. I don’t know what to do to the point where I’m begging on reddit. We all want a fair world but where is the fairness? We have all these protest all these leftist fighting but why isn’t it fair yet? It’s almost like the politicians want us fighting eachother. And no wonder no one wants to have a kid in this world. All I ask is if anyone reads this please. Just look around. Look at what our democratic society has become. The only way to spread a message is through numbers and violence. Just look at the leftist. Then people like us are too scared to speak up because everyone else is against us. Not in numbers tho. Numbers provide facts numbers provide a bigger message. On July 4th I will no longer be with you all. But remember July 4th as Independence Day. A day that marked a free society. A fair society. On July 4th expect big changes. I leave this at fair well. Stay safe. And don’t give up the fight. Work together. Don’t think that this is it. Whether you follow the politicians or god remember how powerful we are together. You are not alone even if it seems like it. Goodbye all