I will die some day and I'm not sure how to feel about that. The idea of death and becoming nothing but a memory terrifies me. Not being able to exist and feel is the worst hell I could ever imagine but never experience. I ride the line between nihilism and euphoria. Just being alive is the greatest thing that can ever be, I can think and experience anything and everything I do or do not want to. On the other hand is the idea of being born nothing, doing nothing, and dying for nothing. Why exist when there is an end? There is no point to living if you think life doesn't matter if it ends. The beginning and end makes life worth living more than anything else, this is the only chance I have to be an I. No matter the suffering of life its worth it just to be able to feel and understand that pain of life. Being anything is the greatest gift I have ever been given. Fear however can over ride the most staunch belief, no matter how happy you feel if you think life is the end all be all of everything. Why push your self so hard when you think it doesn't matter? There is no reason too. Make your life worth working for, work as hard as you can to do what you want to do and become who you want to be. Personally knowing there is no after life, god, or any ethereal beings or places may make you feel empty and you think its the end but I like to think its the start of a life you know you have to make count. I think life may be like a tightrope going to far to either side and you start to fall. Too serious and you forget what it means to live and why you want to live. Too passive and you let life slide past you while grasping at slivers of what you wish you could have had. What makes us human is our confusion and our questioning, being uncertain means you have a choice and you have the option to change things. What you chose to do is your own. The right or wrong thing to do is up to you. What do you value? What is really important to you? What a lot of people do is what is based on their own moral compass. Everyone has a different way of thinking and a different set of morals. Is what we believe in based on genetics, circumstance, or self reflection? I like to think its a combination but I also think with enough time and thought you can find out what makes the most sense to you and what you what you think will make the best life for yourselves and others.