Hour one of my six-hour layover. I wandered around, lost within the chaos of people rushing to wherever they needed to be. It was nighttime, and the large windows allowed everyone inside the airport to see the bright lights of incoming planes, the runways, transport cars, and the distant skyline. I walked over to the gate of my connecting flight. I decided I can take a quick nap there and explore around after if I am lucky with time. I arrived at my gate and sat beside a large window. No one was around me. I got comfortable, put my suitcase in front of me, and lifted my legs and rested them on top of the suitcase. Just as I was about to fall into my slumber, someone tapped me on my right shoulder. I turned to look. A woman, who looked to be around my age, was looking back at me. She was wearing a maroon coat and crimson lipstick. Her complexion was olive gold and her hair had the color of deep coffee. Her eyes were sharp and her lips were small. She had high cheekbones which stood out because she had an exaggerated simper. She asked me if I had a phone charger. Her voice was quiet but angelic. Had a strong British accent. I gave her my charger which she accepted graciously. I sat back in my chair, looking straight ahead. My heart was beating against my chest. My face was starting to get warmer. I glanced at her again through the corner of my eyes. She was looking at her phone with a smile. I yearned to have a conversation with her but I rejected the idea quickly. I did not want to appear like a bother. I turned away from her and looked out the window. An airplane was taxiing across. The lights from the wings shined brightly. All of a sudden, the woman asked me for my name. I turned around quickly. Her alluring, amber-colored eyes were entrancing. I told her my name and asked for hers. Aliyah. As we talked, I learned that she was going on a flight that will be stationed at the gate next to mine. She is going to Germany to visit her friends. She was a college student, earning a degree in Psychology. During our entire conversation, I felt like I was on a high. Her presence was warm and comforting. Her smile was contagious and her laugh was sweet. Her phone finished charging and she gave me back my charger. Hesitating that she might leave, I quickly asked her if she wanted to get something to eat or drink. She agreed. We grabbed our bags and explored the airport. The airport seemed less chaotic. It was rather peaceful. We continued our conversation, sharing memorable stories we had of our friends. We walked over to a little café and ordered two coffees. We then compared our lives as college students in two different countries. Our coffees came and left. Her words were desirable and her alacrity was attractive. Surprisingly, there was not a moment of boredom. We explored the airport which seemed vast but her curiosity was encouraging. We tried on sunglasses at a duty-free store and rated our looks. As we walked back to our gates, she told me that her flight will be boarding in a few minutes. Something buzzed within me. I was not ready to say goodbye to her. Not yet. I wish there was more time. As we got to the gate, many more people arrived at her gate. My gate was still fairly empty except for one or two people. We sat down. She was still smiling. We sat in silence for a bit. She moved her hand over me and clutched it. Her hand was small and delicate but tender and warm. I turned to her. She thanked me for giving her an enjoyable memory during this layover. The sun was about to rise, the sky began to bleed in shades of violet. I wanted to tell her that I fell for her. I wanted to spend more time with her. I wanted to tell her that I wanted to experience some of life with her. I wanted to tell her that she was the most beautiful, extraordinary woman he had ever met. But I did not. I simply thanked her back and turned away from her. She looked down. We sat in silence once again. Her gate opened and she stood up and grabbed her bags. I stood up and looked at her again. Where did this ethereal woman come from? Why me? Why did she have to ask me for a charger? It was painful to let her go. She said goodbye. I looked straight in her eyes and embraced her. She hugged back. We held each other for a couple of seconds. When I let go of her, she moved in and kissed me on my cheek. “Until we meet again,” Aliyah said softly. She smiled but it faded away quickly. She grabbed her bags and went over to her gate. She scanned her boarding pass and walked into the gate disappearing forever. Will we ever see each other again? Are we meant to see each other again? I looked around. People were all around me. Once again, the airport felt chaotic.