Afia woke up in a cold sweat breathing heavily and looking around, her head was throbbing painfully and she didn't know where she was, she rubbed her hand along the ground and felt the tickle of grass along her palm. She took a moment allowing her eyes to adjust to the darkness slowly everything began coming together, her eyes focused on a small fire crackling a few yards in front of her she sat up from the ground and groaned. Her body was aching a bit from her little swimming session, she was more tired than she thought because her movements seemed sluggish and her eyelids heavy. She crawled towards the fire reaching her hands out towards the flames and it welcomed her with its warmth, she took a deep breath her clothes were still very much waterlogged and she debated whether it would be smarter to keep them on and risk catching a sickness or take them off to dry and risk freezing to death. Finally, she decided that would do both she took off what was left of her shirt it was a battered old thing holding together by a thread. She laid it next to the fire and sighed looking around she seemed to be in a forest, the trees stretched so high she couldn't see the top and they were tightly woven together forming a little patch of open land being enough to build a house on. Less than five yards away from her was a little pond gurgling softly,  only when she heard the water did she notice how thirsty she was. She got up on shaky feet and ran over to the water stumbling by its edge. Little slithers of moonlight snuck through the branches shining in the reflection of the water, staring back at her was a girl with skin as dark as night almond-shaped eyes brown like the chestnuts that grew on trees. She had a small nose and thick plump lips, her hair was short and frizzy snuggled under her lip was a mole. She smiled slowly laughing to herself. She cupped her hands in the water and drank the cool crisp felt exhilarating as it slid down her throat, she looked down at her reddened wrist and rubbed them. They were still sore laying back on the grass she squealed a little bit and rolled on the grass finally. She did it she was free she sat up brushing grass off of her body.  She heard a soft thud behind her and turned around to see a man with glistening red eyes staring at her with a crooked smile, she backed up against a tree her breath catching in her throat "demon s-stay away from me". He was a tall man with pale skin and fluffy white hair, he looked thin but still stronger than her he wore a simple black torn shirt and brown pants. She covered her breast and turned from him " go away" but he only drew closer "don't worry I'm not here to turn you in or anything like that I haven't eaten in a while and I just need to feed". She stood up and began walking away from him until they both circled the fire, " feed on me what do you mean by that" she said softly he rubbed the back of his neck "look I'm sorry about this I don't have much time and you're the only food source I have that won't cause me much harm so sorry in advance". She took a step back almost tripping " sorry for what"  suddenly he leaped at her but his body turned to mist in mid-air, she screamed and jumped back looking around frantically for him but he vanished. She was scared and confused "where'd you go" she whispered softly. She felt warm breath on her neck and turned to see him standing behind her, she tried to run but his arms wrapped around her like strong chains pinning her to his chest. She felt the warm but wet caress of his tongue on her shoulder and began squirming, "I really am sorry about this I won't drain you completely please stop moving if you continue to squirm you're gonna hurt yourself it'll only be a pinch" she sighed "just get it over with. She closed her eyes and bit down on her tongue waiting for the bite, after a few seconds she felt his fangs slice into her skin it wasn't that bad but when he shoved them in completely it stung a bit. She blinked back tears and stayed silent as he drank, she felt her body becoming weak her legs began to grow tired until they buckled under her weight.  He caught her before she hit the ground " sorry took a bit to much here let me", he bit into her shoulder again but this time he transferred some of his blood into her. She shook her head and rubbed her bleeding shoulder "happy now" she said sarcastically, he wiped his mouth and smiled "yep the suns about to come up so I should go but I got a few things to mention first". She motioned for him to continue as he looked to the sky " for starters I transferred some of my blood into you so there's a high chance you'll become a vampire by the end of the day as a new vampire you probably won't be able to control your thirst for blood so I'd avoid the plantations avoid sunlight our bodies can only handle its harsh rays for two hours then we burn same go for fire". Sunlight began to spill through the trees and he paled he transformed into a bat "I'll find you later tonight to explain abilities but I got to go remember to avoid sun and plantations" he called out as he flew away into the darkness of the trees leaving her confused and alone. 