 "I'm finally gonna do it." Mary thought to herself holding her breath while looking down her 33 story apartment building over the street traffic. "It'll all be over instantly and then I won't have to deal with this anymore. It'll be like ripping off a Band-Aid or jumping into a freezing cold pool in the summer." She scanned the cars that looked like rows of busy ants from where she stood. The wind blew violently that afternoon giving her a slight push every minute or so, as if encouraging her to go through with it. She perched her bare feet on skinny balcony railing like a tightrope walker, while her arms hugged the cold brick building that held the rail.    She could hear her phone's muffled ringing from the other side of the sliding door. Mary thought "I'm not changing my mind this time, I can't find any other answers but this one". She was afraid of heights, she always was afraid of heights. She had no idea why she chose this way. It was the last way she thought she'd have offed herself. A gun wasn't around, she didn't want to deal with the hassles that come with buying one, and she couldn't find anywhere to hang a rope in her room.   She trembled, clinging to the building like a gargoyle. A tear dived off the building vanishing from her sight. She hadn't noticed that she was crying until the lines of mascara slid down and off of her cheek. She shut her eyes listening to the sounds of the wind and birds mixed with distant car horns from far below her and stepped off.     Sliding the door open nearly breaking it she rushed back into her room to her bed, buried her face in her mattress and screamed. Screaming again and again, the screams quickly turned into sobbing. The tears dampened her sheets and puddled around her bloodshot eyes, out of breath from her cry's, she began hyperventilating. Mary turned around on her side facing the wall and gradually began to catch her breath.     The phone was blowing up all morning, hundreds of missed calls by the few people Mary knew- 136 missed calls, April 12 2006. She could count everyone she knew on her fingers, she guessed that most of the calls were probably from her friend Miles. Mary opened her phone and dialed a number while wiping the makeup stained mess off of her face with the sleeve of her jacket.    The phone only rang once, he answered immediately with panic in his voice.