The name of the monster is the Bell-Tickler. No one knows why it was named that, but the name just stuck. It lives in the Badlands of South Dakota, and preys on the young. It doesn't matter what kind of animal or creature it eats, it always eats their young. Like Bigfoot, or any other tall tale, the creature know as the Bell-Tickler is known by word of mouth by the people of South Dakota. Legend says it only eats the brains of its victims. They say it rips off the head and then sucks the brains out. Earlier I said that it only preys on the young, and that it doesn't matter what animal or creature it eats; this only applies to wild animals. One night on the month of december in 1958, a mother by the name of Mary Juniper was outside with her two children, Tom and Lisa Juniper. The three were making snowmen in their backyard, since it was wintertime. Mary left her children outside to play, while she went inside to warm up for a little while. She was only inside for a scant amount of time before she heard something that she would never forget for the rest of her life: It was the blood-curdling screams of her children outside. The screams only lasted for a few seconds, before the children ran up to the house, and slammed the door behind them. Mary frantically questioned her children what had happened. Perhaps the children had seen a coyote or some other wild animal. But why were the screams so loud? The children could only muster up that there was a monster outside. Mary smiled, and told her children that she would scare the monster away. When Mary went outside to investigate, she saw what could only be described as a monster: Stooping on top of a tree stump, was an arched creature with thin, long arms and legs, completed with five razor sharp claws. It had no face, no eyes, only a closed mouth, hiding a wide array of disgustingly yellow teeth. It was as pale as the snow, and had no hair on its body whatsoever. Mary couldn't see much more of the creature, for it was a blizzard outside, and the snow was obstructing her view of it. But what she did know, was that the creature's head slowly turned towards her. For a while, the creature stared at Mary, while Mary stared at it. With a great leap, the monster bounded away from Mary, and disappeared into the hills, never to be seen by her again. Sightings of the creature had been recorded all around the Badlands, whether it was ripping the heads off of squirrels, or scaring more people. But from that time on, and still up to this day, the legend of the Bell-Tickler lives on.