My very first experience with gaming was my leapfrog. The first time I picked up a controller I was four and it was on the original Xbox. The first game I remember playing was this old 3rd person Pac-Man game. It was awesome because you could punch these robots and monsters and jump super high, I mean what four year old boy didn’t think that was awesome?! From that point on I tried just about every type of gaming system, from mobile, handheld, console, even a little pc. My biggest games were Spyro, NFS, CTR, Sponegbob, COD, Tony Hawks Proving ground. Proving ground was such a good game because you used the joysticks to do tricks and it was slow motion and you could customize your character and have your own skate warehouse, super awesome. From there on I kept playing other games, just small time or shooters, rpgs, strategy, mystery games like scooby doo. Lots of racing though, nfs underground will always be in my heart as will split second and stunt man ignition. Today I’ve pretty much evolved to mw, gta, siege, and Skyrim with some Minecraft here and there to enjoy the simple things. I could go on and on as most of us probably could about all the games and experiences I’ve had but I’m only here now to share mostly one thing. Gaming is my life and I never want that to change. I game because it allows me to escape whenever and however I want. I’m 20 years old now and I’ve come to realize I can’t really relate with people unless it’s music, smoking, or gaming. Gaming helps me focus on the things I care about (and I don’t care about a lot) gaming lets me be me and just live my life. I’ve made two spectacular friends on Xbox who I call my brothers and they will most definitely be at my wedding when that day comes. Gaming has been there for me when my parents divorced, it was there after break ups, it was there when I stayed home because I was *sick* and it was there when I just needed to escape. Lost of people have other things in their life, they have huge families, big sports lives, super popular, or they were born into the golden platter of life. Lots of people do so many things and they just keep going and doing it all no matter what. I just stay gaming because gaming has stayed for me. Gaming is my best of best friends, gaming is in my heart, and gaming will always be the symbol of perfection to me. To every and any who’s ever felt anything like this or related to this, I say thank you for being apart of my world and making the world I love.