You hear your girlfriend call you for help with her science project across the house. You, not having anything important, decide to walk over to her room to see what she needs help with. Your girlfriend is a sexy furry wolf and her tits are big and jiggle like jelly. Whenever you see her naked after she showers your dick gets stone-hard. However, both of you have not had sex yet but you secretly want to. You go to your girlfriend's house and see that she is on the bed with some papers around the place. She turns around and sees you and opens the door. "So, what's your project about?", you ask, looking at the mess of paper. "It's about the reproductive system and the teacher wants us to do a practical experiment.", she says with a small smirk on her face. You immediately think she's hinting something to you but you continue acting normal. She closes the bedroom door and you sit down with her. "Wow, it's quite hot in this room.", she says. You go to switch on the fan but then she stops you and says it's broken. "You know what, I'll just take off my clothes. That'll be much cooler." She strips down until her bottom half of her body is naked. She removes her bra and you see her tits drop and jiggle. You start feeling a bit warm and you know what she's trying to tell you so you ask if you can take off your clothes. She agrees and you take off your clothes until you're naked. She stares at your dick, as she subtly licks her lips. "Sitting on the bed gets very uncomfortable. I need something new to sit on." You immediately know you're about to have some fun so you ask what options she has in mind. "I could get a chair but it takes a long time to get one. How about I sit on your face~" You agree immediately and lie down on the bed, ready for her juicy buns to caress your face and her vagina to lick. The buns slowly lower as you open your mouth and stick your tongue out. Your tongue sinks into her vagina and you start licking her clit. She moans and says, "Wow... I feel so good...this...is...great..." You continue licking her clit and enjoy the warmth of the buttcheeks on your face. The taste is wonderful and you savour her vagina. She stands up and says she wants you to start fucking her. "What about a condom?",you ask. She goes to her closet and turns around with a condom in her mouth. The look of her naked with a condom in her mouth looks super sexy. She rips it open and places it over your erect penis for you. She then turns around and spreads her legs and butt, exposing her vagina, beckoning you to bring the sausage to the bun. You start thrusting in and out of her and she moans and you slowly start cumming. Her silky smooth vaginal walls are perfect and you don't even need lube. You thrust in and out even more and start cumming. Meanwhile she moans even louder as you enjoy this moment. You cum even more before she says you should taste something else. You pull your wet dick out of her and see that she is holding her tits and pointing it at you. It looks so juicy and tasty that you don't even hesitate and start sucking on her boobs. She looks at you a small smirk while you savour her giant melons. "Well, I should repay the favour of tasting some of your genitals.", you say as you stand up and point your penis at her face. She stares at it and then enjoys the big sausage. You look down and see her sucking on your dick and you start cumming and moaning in delight. She then asks you to lie down on the bed and surrounds your penis with her boobs and starts stroking it with her tits. You see them jiggle which looks fantastic and the fact that you start cumming makes you feel so good! She savours the sausage one more time and smacks her lips. "Your cum is so delicious~", she says with cum dripping from her mouth. After both of you are done  with the fun, you cuddle with her on the bed, holding and squeezing her boobs while she strokes your dick. "That was really fun~ You really helped with my project~", she says with a smile on her face. Both of you eventually fall asleep on the bed in exhaustion with both of you hugging each other.