This theory is already banking off of the assumption that the Joe’s neighbor at the end of season 2 is his mother.  So basically, what I think is that what has happened in the show(for the most part, with a few exceptions) has all been what Joe has wanted. We learn in season 2 that Joe was stripped away from his mother at a young age, and he has attachment disorder because of it. I think that Joe’s ultimate goal was never to find love, it was to find and reconnect with his mother. So he made an elaborate plan(most likely after his incident with Candace) to eventually move to Los Angeles and find his mom. I think that he got Love pregnant on purpose so that when they inevitably moved to where they moved, he could show his mother(his neighbor) that he has grown and can raise a family and be there for his kids like she never could for him. Also now that I think about it, what if he tried to kill Love at the end for the sole purpose of getting her to confirm that she was pregnant? Tbh it doesn’t really make since to me why Joe would kill Love right there, after all they’ve been through together. We know that Joe is an unreliable narrator, so it could make sense that Joe knew a LOT more about Love than we were told through his narration, and it is very likely that Joe was able to figure out that Love was crazy before she told him. Maybe(since he couldn’t live with killing Delilah) Joe KNEW that Love was following him(he investigated her P.I further)and led her to Delilah so that she would kill her. And yes, I know he was on acid while doing this, but that still could have been what Joe was PLANNING to do eventually, as in the thought was in his mind, so when he was on acid and couldn’t control himself, his unconscious took over and he did what he was planning/thinking about doing(which is why he wanted Forty to take him to the storage place). Also didn’t he leave his locker unlocked with the storage keys in it? Did he do that on purpose so Love would find them? Anyways, at the end of the show Joe says something along the lines of “it all led me to You”, while he creepily stares at his neighbor(mom). Could this be him saying that he wanted all of the events of the show to happen so he could finally start a family and rekindle his relationship with his mother? Okay actually now that I am typing this, this theory seems very very stupid, but maybe Joe DID do SOME things on purpose or make things happen on purpose for a larger goal(that goal being him meeting his mother again). Maybe killing Beck or other things that happened in the show weren’t apart of his plan, but I feel like at some point Joe started to have a bigger goal and start to formulate an ultimate plan to reconnect with his mother. Okay now that I really think about it this theory seems very outrageous, now that I’m reading what I have typed, but still, maybe some of what I said may hold some truth to it. My first post here, go easy on me